“So many books, so little time.”
― Frank Zappa

“A room without books is like a body without a soul.”
― Marcus Tullius Cicero

“The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”
― Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey

“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”
― Mark Twain

“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”
― Neil Gaiman, Coraline

“Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.”
― Groucho Marx, The Essential Groucho: Writings For By And About Groucho Marx

“I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.”
― Jorge Luis Borges

“If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.”
― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood

“Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them.”
― Lemony Snicket, Horseradish

“Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book.”
― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars

“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”
― C.S. Lewis

“If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.”
― Oscar Wilde

“There is no friend as loyal as a book.”
― Ernest Hemingway

“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.”
― Groucho Marx

“What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.”
― J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

“It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it.”
― Oscar Wilde

“One must always be careful of books," said Tessa, "and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us.”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel

“If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.”
― Toni Morrison

“′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.”
― Mark Twain

“I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! -- When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

“Books are the ultimate Dumpees: put them down and they’ll wait for you forever; pay attention to them and they always love you back.”
― John Green, An Abundance of Katherines

“You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”
― Madeleine L'Engle

“The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.”
― George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones

“Books are a uniquely portable magic.”
― Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft

“I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited.”
― Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath

“Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry.”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel

“Be careful about reading health books. Some fine day you'll die of a misprint.”
― Markus Herz

“Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.”
― Charles W. Eliot

“A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted at the end. You live several lives while reading.”
― William Styron, Conversations with William Styron

“A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.”
― Gustave Flaubert

“In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.”
― Mark Twain

“Sleep is good, he said, and books are better.”
― George R. R. Martin

“Books are the perfect entertainment: no commercials, no batteries, hours of enjoyment for each dollar spent. What I wonder is why everybody doesn't carry a book around for those inevitable dead spots in life.”
― Stephen King

“Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly.”
― Sir Francis Bacon

“When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.”
― Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus

“You get a little moody sometimes but I think that's because you like to read. People that like to read are always a little fucked up.”
― Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides

“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.”
― St. Augustine

“Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself.”
― George Bernard Shaw

“Books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like a betrayal.”
― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars

“There are two motives for reading a book; one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it.”
― Bertrand Russell

“Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore?”
― Henry Ward Beecherr

“I cannot live without books.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“Think before you speak. Read before you think.”
― Fran Lebowitz, The Fran Lebowitz Reader

“You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read. It was books that taught me that the things that tormented me most were the very things that connected me with all the people who were alive, who had ever been alive.”
― James Baldwin

“So please, oh please, we beg, we pray,
Go throw your TV set away,
And in its place you can install
A lovely bookshelf on the wall.
Then fill the shelves with lots of books.”
― Roald Dahl, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory

“Good books don't give up all their secrets at once.”
― Stephen King

“Books may well be the only true magic.”
― Alice Hoffman

“Many people, myself among them, feel better at the mere sight of a book.”
― Jane Smiley, Thirteen Ways of Looking at the Novel

“I spent my life folded between the pages of books.
In the absence of human relationships I formed bonds with paper characters. I lived love and loss through stories threaded in history; I experienced adolescence by association. My world is one interwoven web of words, stringing limb to limb, bone to sinew, thoughts and images all together. I am a being comprised of letters, a character created by sentences, a figment of imagination formed through fiction.”
― Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me

“Reader's Bill of Rights

1. The right to not read

2. The right to skip pages

3. The right to not finish

4. The right to reread

5. The right to read anything

6. The right to escapism

7. The right to read anywhere

8. The right to browse

9. The right to read out loud

10. The right to not defend your tastes”
― Daniel Pennac

“There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.”
― Joseph Brodsky

“That's the thing about books. They let you travel without moving your feet.”
― Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake

“Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you already have inside you.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming. This is a fault. Those who find beautiful meanings in beautiful things are the cultivated. For these there is hope. They are the elect to whom beautiful things mean only Beauty. There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written. That is all.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“Books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.”
― Christopher Paolini, Eragon

“Books are like mirrors: if a fool looks in, you cannot expect a genius to look out.”
― J.K. Rowling

“Reading was my escape and my comfort, my consolation, my stimulant of choice: reading for the pure pleasure of it, for the beautiful stillness that surrounds you when you hear an author's words reverberating in your head.”
― Paul Auster, The Brooklyn Follies

“If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.”
― Cicero

“No book is really worth reading at the age of ten which is not equally – and often far more – worth reading at the age of fifty and beyond.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.”
― Mark Twain, Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World

“She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.”
― Louisa May Alcott, Work: A Story of Experience

“In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you.”
― Mortimer J. Adler

“What I say is, a town isn’t a town without a bookstore. It may call itself a town, but unless it’s got a bookstore, it knows it’s not foolin’ a soul.”
― Neil Gaiman, American Gods

“Books are the mirrors of the soul.”
― Virginia Woolf, Between the Acts

“Books are the plane, and the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home.”
― Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life

“We live for books.”
― Umberto Eco

“If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!”
― John Waters

“Reading one book is like eating one potato chip.”
― Diane Duane, So You Want to Be a Wizard

“I read a book one day and my whole life was changed.”
― Orhan Pamuk, The New Life

“I don't believe in the kind of magic in my books. But I do believe something very magical can happen when you read a good book.”
― J.K. Rowling

“but for my own part, if a book is well written, I always find it too short.”
― Jane Austen

“After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world.”
― Philip Pullman

“I cannot remember the books I've read any more than the meals I have eaten; even so, they have made me.”
― Emerson, Ralph Waldo

“A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe.”
― Madeleine L'Engle

“A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say.”
― Italo Calvino, The Uses of Literature

“Books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: Let’s not forget this.”
― Dave Eggers

“There are no faster or firmer friendships than those formed between people who love the same books.”
― Irving Stone, Clarence Darrow for the Defense

“And on the subject of burning books: I want to congratulate librarians, not famous for their physical strength or their powerful political connections or their great wealth, who, all over this country, have staunchly resisted anti-democratic bullies who have tried to remove certain books from their shelves, and have refused to reveal to thought police the names of persons who have checked out those titles.

So the America I loved still exists, if not in the White House or the Supreme Court or the Senate or the House of Representatives or the media. The America I love still exists at the front desks of our public libraries.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, A Man Without a Country

“I do things like get in a taxi and say, "The library, and step on it.”
― David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest

“Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind.”
― Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote

“It is a great thing to start life with a small number of really good books which are your very own.”
― Arthur Conan Doyle

“I lived in books more than I lived anywhere else.”
― Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane

“If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?”
― Jerry Seinfeld

“Isn't it odd how much fatter a book gets when you've read it several times?" Mo had said..."As if something were left between the pages every time you read it. Feelings, thoughts, sounds, smells...and then, when you look at the book again many years later, you find yourself there, too, a slightly younger self, slightly different, as if the book had preserved you like a pressed flower...both strange and familiar.”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkspell

“Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book. And then there are books like An Imperial Affliction, which you can't tell people about, books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like betrayal”
― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars

“A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us.”
― Franz Kafka

“Books should go where they will be most appreciated, and not sit unread, gathering dust on a forgotten shelf, don't you agree?”
― Christopher Paolini

“There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.”
― Christopher Morley, Pipefuls

“The world was hers for the reading.”
― Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn

“One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore. "Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone

“Many a book is like a key to unknown chambers within the castle of one’s own self.”
― Franz Kafka

“Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books.”
― Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot

“The best moments in reading are when you come across something – a thought, a feeling, a way of looking at things – which you had thought special and particular to you. Now here it is, set down by someone else, a person you have never met, someone even who is long dead. And it is as if a hand has come out and taken yours.”
― Alan Bennett, The History Boys

“I cannot sleep unless I am surrounded by books.”
― Jorge Luis Borges

“Crying is all right in its way while it lasts. But you have to stop sooner or later, and then you still have to decide what to do.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair

“She read books as one would breathe air, to fill up and live.”
― Annie Dillard, The Living

“From the moment I picked up your book until I put it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.”
― Groucho Marx

“The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.”
― George Orwell, 1984

“I had already found that it was not good to be alone, and so made companionship with what there was around me, sometimes with the universe and sometimes with my own insignificant self; but my books were always my friends, let fail all else.”
― Joshua Slocum, Sailing Alone around the World

“There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.”
― Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist

“Science and religion are not at odds. Science is simply too young to understand.”
― Dan Brown, Angels & Demons

“My Best Friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“The library is inhabited by spirits that come out of the pages at night.”
― Isabel Allende

“A good book is an event in my life.”
― Stendhal, The Red and the Black

“In a way, it's nice to know that there are Greek gods out there, because you have somebody to blame when things go wrong. For instance, when you're walking away from a bus that's just been attacked by monster hags and blown up by lightning, and it's raining on top of everything else, most people might think that's just really bad luck; when you're a half-blood, you understand that some devine force is really trying to mess up your day.”
― Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse

“Still round the corner there may wait
A new road or a secret gate
And though I oft have passed them by
A day will come at last when I
Shall take the hidden paths that run
West of the Moon, East of the Sun.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien

“A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.”
― David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas

“What she was finding also was how one book led to another, doors kept opening wherever she turned and the days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“If you would tell me the heart of a man, tell me not what he reads, but what he rereads.”
― Francois Mauriac

“It is a good rule after reading a new book, never to allow yourself another new one till you have read an old one in between.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Books are not made to be believed, but to be subjected to inquiry. When we consider a book, we mustn't ask ourselves what it says but what it means...”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition.”
― Henry Miller, The Books in My Life

“A house without books is like a room without windows.”
― Horace Mann

“A childhood without books – that would be no childhood. That would be like being shut out from the enchanted place where you can go and find the rarest kind of joy.”
― Astrid Lindgren

“When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.”
― Margaret Walker

“I love books, by the way, way more than movies. Movies tell you what to think. A good book lets you choose a few thoughts for yourself. Movies show you the pink house. A good book tells you there's a pink house and lets you paint some of the finishing touches, maybe choose the roof style,park your own car out front. My imagination has always topped anything a movie could come up with. Case in point, those darned Harry Potter movies. That was so not what that part-Veela-chick, Fleur Delacour, looked like.”
― Karen Marie Moning, Darkfever

“My library is an archive of longings.”
― Susan Sontag, As Consciousness is Harnessed to Flesh: Journals and Notebooks, 1964-1980

“Have you really read all those books in your room?”

Alaska laughing- “Oh God no. I’ve maybe read a third of ‘em. But I’m going to read them all. I call it my Life’s Library. Every summer since I was little, I’ve gone to garage sales and bought all the books that looked interesting. So I always have something to read.”
― John Green, Looking for Alaska

“The love of learning, the sequestered nooks,
And all the sweet serenity of books”
― Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

“[D]on't ever apologise to an author for buying something in paperback, or taking it out from a library (that's what they're there for. Use your library). Don't apologise to this author for buying books second hand, or getting them from bookcrossing or borrowing a friend's copy. What's important to me is that people read the books and enjoy them, and that, at some point in there, the book was bought by someone. And that people who like things, tell other people. The most important thing is that people read...”
― Neil Gaiman

“It doesn't matter. I have books, new books, and I can bear anything as long as there are books.”
― Jo Walton, Among Others

“I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.”
― Robert Louis Stevenson, Essays of Robert Louis Stevenson

“Words dazzle and deceive because they are mimed by the face. But black words on a white page are the soul laid bare.”
― Guy de Maupassant

“What a blessing it is to love books as I love them;- to be able to converse with the dead, and to live amidst the unreal!”
― Thomas Babington Macaulay, The Selected Letters Of Thomas Babington Macaulay

“If you have enough book space, I don't want to talk to you.”
― Terry Pratchett

“Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.”
― Louis L'Amour, Matagorda/The First Fast Draw

“If books could have more, give more, be more, show more, they would still need readers who bring to them sound and smell and light and all the rest that can’t be in books.
The book needs you.”
― Gary Paulsen, The Winter Room

“A well-composed book is a magic carpet on which we are wafted to a world that we cannot enter in any other way.”
― Caroline Gordon

“Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren't very new after all.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Books are no more threatened by Kindle than stairs by elevators.”
― Stephen Fry

“He was the crazy one who had painted himself black and defeated the world.

She was the book thief without the words.

Trust me, though, the words were on their way, and when they arrived, Liesel would hold them in her hands like the clouds, and she would wring them out like rain.”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“We don’t need a list of rights and wrongs, tables of dos and don’ts: we need books, time, and silence. Thou shalt not is soon forgotten, but Once upon a time lasts forever.”
― Philip Pullman

“Reading is like thinking, like praying, like talking to a friend, like expressing your ideas, like listening to other people's ideas, like listening to music, like looking at the view, like taking a walk on the beach.”
― Roberto Bolaño, 2666

“Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.”
― Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man

“Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“There must be something in books, something we can’t imagine, to make a woman stay in a burning house; there must be something there. You don’t stay for nothing.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“The worst thing about new books is that they keep us from reading the old ones.”
― Joseph Joubert

“Be awesome! Be a book nut!”
― Dr. Seuss

“The Voice

There is a voice inside of you
That whispers all day long,
"I feel this is right for me,
I know that this is wrong."
No teacher, preacher, parent, friend
Or wise man can decide
What's right for you--just listen to
The voice that speaks inside.”
― Shel Silverstein

“Book collecting is an obsession, an occupation, a disease, an addiction, a fascination, an absurdity, a fate. It is not a hobby. Those who do it must do it. Those who do not do it, think of it as a cousin of stamp collecting, a sister of the trophy cabinet, bastard of a sound bank account and a weak mind.”
― Jeanette Winterson

“Books: a beautifully browsable invention that needs no electricity and exists in a readable form no matter what happens.”
― Nicholson Baker

“I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life. I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be unselfish… You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger.”
― Simone de Beauvoir

“My alma mater was books, a good library.... I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity.”
― Malcolm X

“Everything in the world exists in order to end up as a book.”
― Stéphane Mallarmé

“If you take a book with you on a journey," Mo had said when he put the first one in her box, "an odd thing happens: The book begins collecting your memories. And forever after you have only to open that book to be back where you first read it. It will all come into your mind with the very first words: the sights you saw in that place, what it smelled like, the ice cream you ate while you were reading it... yes, books are like flypaper—memories cling to the printed page better than anything else.”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkheart

“Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.”
― C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity

“There is more treasure in books than in all the pirates' loot on Treasure Island and best of all, you can enjoy these riches every day of your life.”
― Walt Disney

“We are of opinion that instead of letting books grow moldy behind an iron grating, far from the vulgar gaze, it is better to let them wear out by being read.”
― Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth

“Speaking personally, you can have my gun, but you'll take my book when you pry my cold, dead fingers off of the binding.”
― Stephen King

“For some of us, books are as important as almost anything else on earth. What a miracle it is that out of these small, flat, rigid squares of paper unfolds world after world after world, worlds that sing to you, comfort and quiet or excite you. Books help us understand who we are and how we are to behave. They show us what community and friendship mean; they show us how to live and die.”
― Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life

“Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him.”
― Maya Angelou

“Some of these things are true and some of them lies. But they are all good stories.”
― Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall

“I owe everything I am and everything I will ever be to books.”
― Gary Paulsen, Shelf Life: Stories by the Book

“One glance at a book and you hear the voice of another person, perhaps someone dead for 1,000 years. To read is to voyage through time.”
― Carl Sagan

“Let children read whatever they want and then talk about it with them. If parents and kids can talk together, we won't have as much censorship because we won't have as much fear.”
― Judy Blume

“We read books to find out who we are. What other people, real or imaginary, do and think and feel... is an essential guide to our understanding of what we ourselves are and may become.”
― Ursula K. LeGuin

“To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.”
― W. Somerset Maugham, Books and You

“It's not that I don't like people. It's just that when I'm in the company of others - even my nearest and dearest - there always comes a moment when I'd rather be reading a book.”
― Maureen Corrigan, Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books

“Reading a book is like re-writing it for yourself. You bring to a novel, anything you read, all your experience of the world. You bring your history and you read it in your own terms.”
― Angela Carter

“Books to the ceiling,
Books to the sky,
My pile of books is a mile high.
How I love them! How I need them!
I'll have a long beard by the time I read them.”
― Arnold Lobel

“Go, my book, and help destroy the world as it is.”
― Russell Banks, Continental Drift

“Sections in the bookstore

- Books You Haven't Read
- Books You Needn't Read
- Books Made for Purposes Other Than Reading
- Books Read Even Before You Open Them Since They Belong to the Category of Books Read Before Being Written
- Books That If You Had More Than One Life You Would Certainly Also Read But Unfortunately Your Days Are Numbered
- Books You Mean to Read But There Are Others You Must Read First
- Books Too Expensive Now and You'll Wait 'Til They're Remaindered
- Books ditto When They Come Out in Paperback
- Books You Can Borrow from Somebody
- Books That Everybody's Read So It's As If You Had Read Them, Too
- Books You've Been Planning to Read for Ages
- Books You've Been Hunting for Years Without Success
- Books Dealing with Something You're Working on at the Moment
- Books You Want to Own So They'll Be Handy Just in Case
- Books You Could Put Aside Maybe to Read This Summer
- Books You Need to Go with Other Books on Your Shelves
- Books That Fill You with Sudden, Inexplicable Curiosity, Not Easily Justified
- Books Read Long Ago Which It's Now Time to Re-read
- Books You've Always Pretended to Have Read and Now It's Time to Sit Down and Really Read Them”
― Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler

“The books - the generous friends who met me without suspicion - the merciful masters who never used me ill!”
― Wilkie Collins, Armadale

“Books were safer than other people anyway.”
― Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane

“People disappear when they die. Their voice, their laughter, the warmth of their breath. Their flesh. Eventually their bones. All living memory of them ceases. This is both dreadful and natural. Yet for some there is an exception to this annihilation. For in the books they write they continue to exist. We can rediscover them. Their humor, their tone of voice, their moods. Through the written word they can anger you or make you happy. They can comfort you. They can perplex you. They can alter you. All this, even though they are dead. Like flies in amber, like corpses frozen in the ice, that which according to the laws of nature should pass away is, by the miracle of ink on paper, preserved. It is a kind of magic.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“A literary academic can no more pass a bookstore than an alcoholic can pass a bar.”
― Amanda Cross

“Doctor Who: You want weapons? We're in a library. Books are the best weapon in the world. This room's the greatest arsenal we could have. Arm yourself!

(from Tooth and Claw in Season 2)”
― Russell T. Davies

“If only there could be an invention that bottled up a memory, like scent. And it never faded, and it never got stale. And then, when one wanted it, the bottle could be uncorked, and it would be like living the moment all over again.”
― Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca

“It's not all bad. Heightened self-consciousness, apartness, an inability to join in, physical shame and self-loathing—they are not all bad. Those devils have been my angels. Without them I would never have disappeared into language, literature, the mind, laughter and all the mad intensities that made and unmade me.”
― Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot

“I am not absentminded. It is the presence of mind that makes me unaware of everything else.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“There is something about words. In expert hands, manipulated deftly, they take you prisoner. Wind themselves around your limbs like spider silk, and when you are so enthralled you cannot move, they pierce your skin, enter your blood, numb your thoughts. Inside you they work their magic.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“If you don’t like to read, you haven’t found the right book.”
― J.K Rowling

“When we read a story, we inhabit it. The covers of the book are like a roof and four walls. What is to happen next will take place within the four walls of the story. And this is possible because the story's voice makes everything its own.”
― John Berger, Keeping a Rendezvous

“A book is made from a tree. It is an assemblage of flat, flexible parts (still called "leaves") imprinted with dark pigmented squiggles. One glance at it and you hear the voice of another person, perhaps someone dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, the author is speaking, clearly and silently, inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people, citizens of distant epochs, who never knew one another. Books break the shackles of time ― proof that humans can work magic.”
― Carl Sagan

“A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one's neighbor — such is my idea of happiness.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness

“Picking five favorite books is like picking the five body parts you'd most like not to lose.”
― Neil Gaiman

“Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“The covers of this book are too far apart.”
― Ambrose Bierce

“I am simply a 'book drunkard.' Books have the same irresistible temptation for me that liquor has for its devotee. I cannot withstand them.”
― L.M. Montgomery

“That's what I love about reading: one tiny thing will interest you in a book, and that tiny thing will lead you to another book, and another bit there will lead you onto a third book. It's geometrically progressive - all with no end in sight, and for no other reason than sheer enjoyment.”
― Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society

“Why can't people just sit and read books and be nice to each other?”
― David Baldacci, The Camel Club

“What an astonishing thing a book is. It's a flat object made from a tree with flexible parts on which are imprinted lots of funny dark squiggles. But one glance at it and you're inside the mind of another person, maybe somebody dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, an author is speaking clearly and silently inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people who never knew each other, citizens of distant epochs. Books break the shackles of time. A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic."

[Cosmos, Part 11: The Persistence of Memory (1980)]”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“Books don't offer real escape, but they can stop a mind scratching itself raw.”
― David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas

“Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“For books are not absolutely dead things, but do contain a potency of life in them to be as active as that soul was whose progeny they are; nay, they do preserve as in a vial the purest efficacy and extraction of that living intellect that bred them.”
― John Milton, Areopagitica

“Books make great gifts because they have whole worlds inside of them. And it's much cheaper to buy somebody a book than it is to buy them the whole world!”
― Neil Gaiman

“A book is a dream that you hold in your hands."

(As quoted on BookRiot, June 18, 2013)”
― Neil Gaiman

“From that time on, the world was hers for the reading. She would never be lonely again, never miss the lack of intimate friends. Books became her friends and there was one for every mood. There was poetry for quiet companionship. There was adventure when she tired of quiet hours. There would be love stories when she came into adolescence and when she wanted to feel a closeness to someone she could read a biography. On that day when she first knew she could read, she made a vow to read one book a day as long as she lived.”
― Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn

“He liked the mere act of reading, the magic of turning scratches on a page into words inside his head.”
― John Green, An Abundance of Katherines

“If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“I have a passion for teaching kids to become readers, to become comfortable with a book, not daunted. Books shouldn't be daunting, they should be funny, exciting and wonderful; and learning to be a reader gives a terrific advantage.”
― Roald Dahl

“So many people enter and leave your life! Hundreds of thousands of people! You have to keep the door open so they can come in! But it also means you have to let them go!”
― Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close

“Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.”
― Ezra Pound

“We live and breathe words.”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince

“So Matilda’s strong young mind continued to grow, nurtured by the voices of all those authors who had sent their books out into the world like ships on the sea. These books gave Matilda a hopeful and comforting message: You are not alone.”
― Roald Dahl, Matilda

“We have come from God, and inevitably the myths woven by us, though they contain error, will also reflect a splintered fragment of the true light, the eternal truth that is with God. Indeed only by myth-making, only by becoming 'sub-creator' and inventing stories, can Man aspire to the state of perfection that he knew before the Fall. Our myths may be misguided, but they steer however shakily towards the true harbour, while materialistic 'progress' leads only to a yawning abyss and the Iron Crown of the power of evil.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien

“Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures.”
― Jessamyn West

“I would be most content if my children grew up to be the kind of people who think decorating consists mostly of building enough bookshelves.”
― Anna Quindlen

“Books are always obviously having conversations with other books, and some times they're amiable and sometimes not.”
― China Miéville, The City & the City

“I know every book of mine by its smell, and I have but to put my nose between the pages to be reminded of all sorts of things.”
― George Gissing

“Fiction is art and art is the triumph over chaos… to celebrate a world that lies spread out around us like a bewildering and stupendous dream.”
― John Cheever

“Stories are important, the monster said. They can be more important than anything. If they carry the truth.”
― Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls

“Give me books, French wine, fruit, fine weather and a little music played out of doors by somebody I do not know.”
― John Keats

“I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, 'Where's the self-help section?' She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.”
― George Carlin

“Elend: I kind of lost track of time…
Breeze: For two hours?
Elend: There were books involved.”
― Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension

“Second hand books are wild books, homeless books; they have come together in vast flocks of variegated feather, and have a charm which the domesticated volumes of the library lack.”
― Virginia Woolf

“Only bad books have good endings.
If a book is any good, it's ending is always bad - because you don't want the book to end.”
― Pseudonymous Bosch, The Name of This Book Is Secret

“They turned to Angel. "We will call you Little One," the leader said, obviously deciding to dispense with the whole confusing name thing.
"Okay," said Angel agreeably. "I'll call you Guy in a White Lab Coat." He frowned.
"That can be his Indian name," I suggested.”
― James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports

“It is only a novel... or, in short, only some work in which the greatest powers of the mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, the happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and humour, are conveyed to the world in the best-chosen language”
― Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey

“Literature is news that stays news.”
― Ezra Pound, ABC of Reading

“The world was a terrible place, cruel, pitiless, dark as a bad dream. Not a good place to live. Only in books could you find pity, comfort, happiness - and love. Books loved anyone who opened them, they gave you security and friendship and didn't ask anything in return; they never went away, never, not even when you treated them badly.”
― Cornelia Funke, The Inkheart Trilogy: Inkheart, Inkspell, Inkdeath

“Take no heed of her.... She reads a lot of books.”
― Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair

“I went away in my head, into a book. That was where I went whenever real life was too hard or too inflexible.”
― Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane

“The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“The books transported her into new worlds and introduced her to amazing people who lived exciting lives. She went on olden-day sailing ships with Joseph Conrad. She went to Africa with Ernest Hemingway and to India with Rudyard Kipling. She travelled all over the world while sitting in her little room in an English village.”
― Roald Dahl, Matilda

“There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book.
Books are well written, or badly written. That is all.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“Which of us has not felt that the character we are reading in the printed page is more real than the person standing beside us?”
― Cornelia Funke

“A book is a garden, an orchard, a storehouse, a party, a company by the way, a counselor, a multitude of counselors.”
― Charles Baudelaire

“Everybody does have a book in them, but in most cases that's where it should stay.”
― Christopher Hitchens

“Books are a poor substitute for female companionship, but they are easier to find.”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear

“When I discovered libraries, it was like having Christmas every day.”
― Jean Fritz

“I love the way that each book—any book—is its own journey. You open it, and off you go….”
― Sharon Creech

“People don't realize how a man's whole life can be changed by one book.”
― Malcolm X

“I can talk to fish!" Angel said happily, water dripping off her long, skinny body. "Ask one over for dinner," Fang said, joining us.”
― James Patterson, School's Out—Forever

“I guess there are never enough books.”
― John Steinbeck, A John Steinbeck Encyclopedia

“I still love books. Nothing a computer can do can compare to a book. You can't really put a book on the Internet. Three companies have offered to put books by me on the Net, and I said, 'If you can make something that has a nice jacket, nice paper with that nice smell, then we'll talk.' All the computer can give you is a manuscript. People don't want to read manuscripts. They want to read books. Books smell good. They look good. You can press it to your bosom. You can carry it in your pocket.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“There is no reason why the same man should like the same books at eighteen and at forty-eight”
― Ezra Pound

“The odd thing about people who had many books was how they always wanted more.”
― Patricia A. McKillip, The Bell at Sealey Head

“Fools have a habit of believing that everything written by a famous author is admirable. For my part I read only to please myself and like only what suits my taste.”
― Voltaire, Candide

“A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.”
― G.K. Chesterton, Heretics

“The books are to remind us what asses and fool we are. They're Caeser's praetorian guard, whispering as the parade roars down the avenue, "Remember, Caeser, thou art mortal." Most of us can't rush around, talking to everyone, know all the cities of the world, we haven't time, money or that many friends. The things you're looking for, Montag, are in the world, but the only way the average chap will ever see ninety-nine per cent of them is in a book. Don't ask for guarantees. And don't look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were headed for shore.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Without words, without writing and without books there would be no history, there could be no concept of humanity.”
― Hermann Hesse

“What are you doing with all those books anyway?" Ron asked.
Just trying to decide which ones to take with us," said Hermione. When we're looking for the Horcruxes."
Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. "I forgot we'll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows

“Stephenie Meyer: Her vampires are sparkly, which I think we can all agree is wrong.”
― Christopher Moore

“Despite the enormous quantity of books, how few people read! And if one reads profitably, one would realize how much stupid stuff the vulgar herd is content to swallow every day.”
― Voltaire

“I love books. I like that the moment you open one and sink into it you can escape from the world, into a story that's way more interesting that yours will ever be.”
― Elizabeth Scott, Bloom

“I think we ought to read only the kind of books that wound and stab us.”
― Franz Kafka

“In books I have traveled, not only to other worlds, but into my own.”
― Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life

“Books are a narcotic.”
― Franz Kafka

“There's nothing wrong with reading a book you love over and over. When you do, the words get inside you, become a part of you, in a way that words in a book you've read only once can't.”
― Gail Carson Levine, Writing Magic: Creating Stories that Fly

“Libraries will get you through times of no money better than money will get you through times of no libraries.”
― Anne Herbert

“A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight.”
― Robertson Davies

“It was good to walk into a library again; it smelled like home.”
― Elizabeth Kostova, The Historian

“A book is a gift you can open again and again.”
― Garrison Keillor

“How can you tell? That I like books, I mean.

The look on your face when you walked in, somehow I doubted you were that impressed by me.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Bones

“There comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or simply close it.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Honestly, I hate when in books, the guys changes the girl's life. Like, no. The girl needs to change her own life.”
― Sasha Alsberg a

“I just got out of the hospital. I was in a speed reading accident. I hit a book mark and flew across the room.”
― Steven Wright

“The love of books is among the choicest gifts of the gods.”
― Sir Arthur Conan Doyle

“Ah, how good it is to be among people who are reading.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge

“No man can be called friendless who has God and the companionship of good books.”
― Elizabeth Barrett Browning

“I do not think I ever opened a book in my life which had not something to say upon woman's inconstancy. Songs and proverbs, all talk of woman's fickleness. But perhaps you will say, these were all written by men."

"Perhaps I shall. Yes, yes, if you please, no reference to examples in books. Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. Education has been theirs in so much higher a degree; the pen has been in their hands. I will not allow books to prove anything.”
― Jane Austen, Persuasion

“The reading of all good books is like conversation with the finest men of past centuries.”
― René Descartes

“If you cannot read all your books...fondle them---peer into them, let them fall open where they will, read from the first sentence that arrests the eye, set them back on the shelves with your own hands, arrange them on your own plan so that you at least know where they are. Let them be your friends; let them, at any rate, be your acquaintances.”
― Winston S. Churchill

“Aziraphale collected books. If he were totally honest with himself he would have to have admitted that his bookshop was simply somewhere to store them. He was not unusual in this. In order to maintain his cover as a typical second-hand book seller, he used every means short of actual physical violence to prevent customers from making a purchase. Unpleasant damp smells, glowering looks, erratic opening hours - he was incredibly good at it.”
― Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch

“My grandma always said that God made libraries so that people didn't have any excuse to be stupid.”
― Joan Bauer, Rules of the Road

“Reading is my favourite occupation, when I have leisure for it and books to read.”
― Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey

“It wasn't until I started reading and found books they wouldn't let us read in school that I discovered you could be insane and happy and have a good life without being like everybody else.”
― John Waters

“This book taught me, once and for all, how easily you can escape this world with the help of words! You can find friends between the pages of a book, wonderful friends.”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkspell

“There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year old’s life: The Lord of the Rings and Atlas Shrugged. One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted, socially crippled adulthood, unable to deal with the real world. The other, of course, involves orcs."

[Kung Fu Monkey -- Ephemera, blog post, March 19, 2009]”
― John Rogers

“I wanted to explain that I am constantly overestimating and underestimating the human race - that rarely do I even simply estimate it. I wanted to ask her how the same thing could be so ugly and so glorious, and its words and stories so damning and brilliant...I AM HAUNTED BY HUMANS.”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“As the hours crept by, the afternoon sunlight bleached all the books on the shelves to pale, gilded versions of themselves and warmed the paper and ink inside the covers so that the smell of unread words hung in the air.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver

“It's a good idea to have your own books with you in a strange place”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkheart

“I have lived a thousand lives and I’ve loved a thousand loves. I’ve walked on distant worlds and seen the end of time. Because I read.”
― George R.R. Martin

“I believe in the magic of books. I believe that during certain periods in our lives we are drawn to particular books--whether it's strolling down the aisles of a bookshop with no idea whatsoever of what it is that we want to read and suddenly finding the most perfect, most wonderfully suitable book staring us right in the face. Unblinking. Or a chance meeting with a stranger or friend who recommends a book we would never ordinarily reach for. Books have the ability to find their own way into our lives.”
― Cecelia Ahern

“I was burning through books every day - stories about people and places I'd never heard of. They were perhaps the only thing that kept me from teetering into utter despair.”
― Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury

“A library is a good place to go when you feel unhappy, for there, in a book, you may find encouragement and comfort. A library is a good place to go when you feel bewildered or undecided, for there, in a book, you may have your question answered. Books are good company, in sad times and happy times, for books are people - people who have managed to stay alive by hiding between the covers of a book."

[Letters of Note; Troy (MI, USA) Public Library, 1971]”
― E.B. White

“Don't join the book burners. Don't think you're going to conceal faults by concealing evidence that they ever existed. Don't be afraid to go in your library and read every book...”
― Dwight D. Eisenhower

“All the books we own, both read and unread, are the fullest expression of self we have at our disposal. ... But with each passing year, and with each whimsical purchase, our libraries become more and more able to articulate who we are, whether we read the books or not.”
― Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree

“You cannot open a book without learning something.”
― Confucius

“All morning I struggled with the sensation of stray wisps of one world seeping through the cracks of another. Do you know the feeling when you start reading a new book before the membrane of the last one has had time to close behind you? You leave the previous book with ideas and themes -- characters even -- caught in the fibers of your clothes, and when you open the new book, they are still with you.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“Writing and reading decrease our sense of isolation. They deepen and widen and expand our sense of life: they feed the soul. When writers make us shake our heads with the exactness of their prose and their truths, and even make us laugh about ourselves or life, our buoyancy is restored. We are given a shot at dancing with, or at least clapping along with, the absurdity of life, instead of being squashed by it over and over again. It's like singing on a boat during a terrible storm at sea. You can't stop the raging storm, but singing can change the hearts and spirits of the people who are together on that ship.”
― Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life

“Read not to contradict and confute; nor to believe and take for granted; nor to find talk and discourse; but to weigh and consider. Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested: that is, some books are to be read only in parts, others to be read, but not curiously, and some few to be read wholly, and with diligence and attention.”
― Francis Bacon, The Essays

“Being rich is not about how much money you have or how many homes you own; it's the freedom to buy any book you want without looking at the price and wondering if you can afford it.”
― John Waters, Role Models

“I couldn't live a week without a private library - indeed, I'd part with all my furniture and squat and sleep on the floor before I'd let go of the 1500 or so books I possess.”
― H. P. Lovecraft

“I love books, by the way, way more than movies. Movies tell you what to think. A good book lets you choose a few thoughts for yourself.”
― Karen Marie Moning, Darkfever

“I have always been a reader; I have read at every stage of my life, and there has never been a time when reading was not my greatest joy. And yet I cannot pretend that the reading I have done in my adult years matches in its impact on my soul the reading I did as a child. I still believe in stories. I still forget myself when I am in the middle of a good book. Yet it is not the same. Books are, for me, it must be said, the most important thing; what I cannot forget is that there was a time when they were at once more banal and more essential than that. When I was a child, books were everything. And so there is in me, always, a nostalgic yearning for the lost pleasure of books. It is not a yearning that one ever expects to be fulfilled.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“Most of what makes a book 'good' is that we are reading it at the right moment for us.”
― Alain de Botton

“When asked, "How do you write?" I invariably answer, "One word at a time," and the answer is invariably dismissed. But that is all it is. It sounds too simple to be true, but consider the Great Wall of China, if you will: one stone at a time, man. That's all. One stone at a time. But I've read you can see that motherfucker from space without a telescope.”
― Stephen King

“They're book addicts.”
― Lemony Snicket, The Miserable Mill

“No two persons ever read the same book.”
― Edmund Wilson

“Your mail could've waited." Daemon followed me into the kitchen. "What is it? Just books?"
Grabbing the OJ from the fridge, I sighed. People who didn't heart books didn't understand.”
― Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx

“My behavior is nonetheless, deplorable. Unfortunately, I'm quite prone to such bouts of deplorability--take for instance, my fondness for reading books at the dinner table.”
― Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire

“Please, no matter how we advance technologically, please don't abandon the book. There is nothing in our material world more beautiful than the book."

(Acceptance speech, National Book Award 2010 (Nonfiction), November 17, 2010)”
― Patti Smith

“It starts so young, and I'm angry about that. The garbage we're taught. About love, about what's "romantic." Look at so many of the so-called romantic figures in books and movies. Do we ever stop and think how many of them would cause serious and drastic unhappiness after The End? Why are sick and dangerous personality types so often shown a passionate and tragic and something to be longed for when those are the very ones you should run for your life from? Think about it. Heathcliff. Romeo. Don Juan. Jay Gatsby. Rochester. Mr. Darcy. From the rigid control freak in The Sound of Music to all the bad boys some woman goes running to the airport to catch in the last minute of every romantic comedy. She should let him leave. Your time is so valuable, and look at these guys--depressive and moody and violent and immature and self-centered. And what about the big daddy of them all, Prince Charming? What was his secret life? We dont know anything about him, other then he looks good and comes to the rescue.”
― Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming

“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
― Dr Roopleen

“V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love.”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“Thank God for books and music and things I can think about.”
― Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon

“You know that feeling,” she said, “when you are reading a book, and you know that it is going to be a tragedy; you can feel the cold and darkness coming, see the net drawing tight around the characters who live and breathe on the pages. But you are tied to the story as if being dragged behind a carriage and you cannot let go or turn the course aside.”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess

“When I am attacked by gloomy thoughts, nothing helps me so much as running to my books. They quickly absorb me and banish the clouds from my mind.”
― Montaigne, Les Essais

“Of course I loved books more than people.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“Rule number one: Don't fuck with librarians.”
― Neil Gaiman

“Generally speaking, books don't cause much harm. Except when you read them, that is. Then they cause all kinds of problems.”
― Pseudonymous Bosch, The Name of This Book Is Secret

“When I was a child, when I was an adolescent, books saved me from despair: that convinced me that culture was the highest of values[...].”
― Simone de Beauvoir, The Woman Destroyed

“If all printers were determined not to print anything till they were sure it would offend nobody, there would be very little printed.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“Reading is that fruitful miracle of a communication in the midst of solitude.”
― Proust-M

“It's a reflex. Hear a bell, get food. See an undead, throw a knife. Same thing, really.”
― Ilona Andrews, Magic Bites

“Readers have the right to say whatever the fuck they want about a book. Period. They have that right. If they hate the book because the MC says the word “delicious” and the reader believes it’s the Devil’s word and only evil people use it, they can shout from the rooftops “This book is shit and don’t read it” if they want. If they want to write a review entirely about how much they hate the cover, they can if they want. If they want to make their review all about how their dog Foot Foot especially loved to pee on that particular book, they can."

[Blog entry, January 9, 2012]”
― Stacia Kane

“Only the ship is made of books, its sails thousands of overlapping pages, and the sea it floats upon is dark black ink.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus

“Of all things, I liked books best.”
― Nikola Tesla

“Where they have burned books, they will end in burning human beings.”
― Heinrich Heine

“My books are water; those of the great geniuses is wine. Everybody drinks water.”
― Mark Twain, Notebook

“Walking the stacks in a library, dragging your fingers across the spines -- it's hard not to feel the presence of sleeping spirits.”
― Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore

“There are many, many types of books in the world, which makes good sense, because there are many, many types of people, and everybody wants to read something different.”
― Lemony Snicket, The Bad Beginning

“You're never alone when you're reading a book.”
― Susan Wiggs

“Good books, like good friends, are few and chosen; the more select, the more enjoyable.”
― Amos Bronson Alcott, Tablets

“Bea says that the art of reading is slowly dying, that it's an intimate ritual, that a book is a mirror that offers us only what we already carry inside us, that when we read, we do it with all our heart and mind, and great readers are becoming more scarce by the day.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“Where should I go?" -Alice. "That depends on where you want to end up." - The Cheshire Cat.”
― Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass

“Read a thousand books, and your words will flow like a river.”
― Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan

“As always, one of her books was next to her.”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“The classroom was a jail of other people’s interests. The library was open, unending, free.”
― Ta-Nehisi Coates

“Luckily, I always travel with a book, just in case I have to wait on line for Santa, or some such inconvenience.”
― David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares

“My arms are killing me.
I didn't know words could be so heavy.”
― Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger

“The world must be all fucked up," he said then, "when men travel first class and literature goes as freight.”
― Gabriel García Márquez

“Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books. Books make sense of life. The only problem is that the lives they make sense of are other people's lives, never your own.”
― Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot

“I mean, most people want to escape. Get out of their heads. Out of their lives. Stories are the easiest way to do that.”
― Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song

“I like libraries. It makes me feel comfortable and secure to have walls of words, beautiful and wise, all around me. I always feel better when I can see that there is something to hold back the shadows.”
― Roger Zelazny, Nine Princes in Amber

“[I] read books because I love them, not because I think I should read them.”
― Simon Van Booy

“If you truly love a book, you should sleep with it, write in it, read aloud from it, and fill its pages with muffin crumbs.”
― Anne Fadiman

“All I have learned, I learned from books.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“I grabbed my book and opened it up.

I wanted to smell it.

Heck, I wanted to kiss it.

Yes, kiss it.

That's right, I am a book kisser.

Maybe that's kind of perverted or maybe it's just romantic and highly intelligent.”
― Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian

“I suggest that the only books that influence us are those for which we are ready, and which have gone a little further down our particular path than we have yet gone ourselves.”
― E.M. Forster

“The problem with books is that they end.”
― Caroline Kepnes, You

“I love the smell of book ink in the morning.”
― Umberto Eco

“In the shop window you have promptly identified the cover with the title you were looking for. Following this visual trail, you have forced your way through the shop past the thick barricade of Books You Haven't Read, which are frowning at you from the tables and shelves, trying to cow you...And thus you pass the outer girdle of ramparts, but then you are attacked by the infantry of Books That If You Had More Than One Life You Would Certainly Also Read But Unfortunately Your Days Are Numbered. With a rapid maneuver you bypass them and move into the phalanxes of the Books You Mean To Read But There Are Others You Must Read First, the Books Too Expensive Now And You'll Wait Till They're Remaindered, the Books ditto When They Come Out in Paperback, Books You Can Borrow From Somebody, Books That Everybody's Read So It's As If You Had Read Them, Too. ”
― Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler

“Someone once wrote that a novel should deliver a series of small astonishments. I get the same thing spending an hour with you.”
― E. Lockhart, We Were Liars

“At one magical instant in your early childhood, the page of a book—that string of confused, alien ciphers—shivered into meaning. Words spoke to you, gave up their secrets; at that moment, whole universes opened. You became, irrevocably, a reader.”
― Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading

“Growing up, I took so many cues from books. They taught me most of what I knew about what people did, about how to behave. They were my teachers and my advisers.”
― Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane

“I suspect it may be like the difference between a drinker and an alcoholic; the one merely reads books, the other needs books to make it through the day."

(Interview with The Booklovers blog, September 2010)”
― Gail Carriger

“I know nothing in the world that has as much power as a word. Sometimes I write one, and I look at it, until it begins to shine.”
― Emily Dickinson

“Rainy days should be spent at home with a cup of tea and a good book.”
― Bill Watterson, The Calvin and Hobbes Tenth Anniversary Book

“She just smiled, said that she loved books more than anything, and started telling him excitedly what each of the ones in her lap was about. And Ove realised that he wanted to hear her talking about the things she loved for the rest of his life.”
― Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove

“I felt after I finished Slaughterhouse-Five that I didn’t have to write at all anymore if I didn’t want to. It was the end of some sort of career. I don’t know why, exactly. I suppose that flowers, when they’re through blooming, have some sort of awareness of some purpose having been served. Flowers didn’t ask to be flowers and I didn’t ask to be me. At the end of Slaughterhouse-Five…I had a shutting-off feeling…that I had done what I was supposed to do and everything was OK .”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Conversations with Kurt Vonnegut

“My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.”
― Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl

“My daughter is seven, and some of the other second-grade parents complain that their children don't read for pleasure. When I visit their homes, the children's rooms are crammed with expensive books, but the parent's rooms are empty. Those children do not see their parents reading, as I did every day of my childhood. By contrast, when I walk into an apartment with books on the shelves, books on the bedside tables, books on the floor, and books on the toilet tank, then I know what I would see if I opened the door that says 'PRIVATE--GROWNUPS KEEP OUT': a child sprawled on the bed, reading.”
― Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader

“The only important thing in a book is the meaning that it has for you.”
― Somerset Maugham

“Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.”
― Anton Chekhov

“When writers die they become books, which is, after all, not too bad an incarnation."

[As attributed by Alastair Reid in Neruda and Borges, The New Yorker, June 24, 1996; as well as in The Talk of the Town, The New Yorker, July 7, 1986]”
― Jorge Luis Borges

“Even bad books are books and therefore sacred.”
― Günter Grass, The Tin Drum

“There is no Frigate like a Book
To take us Lands away
Nor any Coursers like a Page
Of prancing Poetry –
This Traverse may the poorest take
Without oppress of Toll –
How frugal is the Chariot
That bears a Human soul.”
― Emily Dickinson, Selected Poems

“One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures.”
― George W. Bush

“When you look at what C.S. Lewis is saying, his message is so anti-life, so cruel, so unjust. The view that the Narnia books have for the material world is one of almost undisguised contempt. At one point, the old professor says, ‘It’s all in Plato’ — meaning that the physical world we see around us is the crude, shabby, imperfect, second-rate copy of something much better. I want to emphasize the simple physical truth of things, the absolute primacy of the material life, rather than the spiritual or the afterlife.

[The New York Times interview, 2000]”
― Philip Pullman

“When I open them, most of the books have the smell of an earlier time leaking out between the pages - a special odor of the knowledge and emotions that for ages have been calmly resting between the covers. Breathing it in, I glance through a few pages before returning each book to its shelf.”
― Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

“لو سُئلت :ماالذي تتمنى أن تشربه دون أن تفيق ؟، لقلت : عصير الكتب ، خلاصة الفكر ، مسحوق الفلسفة”
― أنيس منصور, في صالون العقاد كانت لنا أيام

“In the shop we buy and sell them, but in truth books have no owner. Every book you see here has been somebody’s best friend.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“A book is more than a verbal structure or series of verbal structures; it is the dialogue it establishes with its reader and the intonation it imposes upon his voice and the changing and durable images it leaves in his memory. A book is not an isolated being: it is a relationship, an axis of innumerable relationships.”
― Jorge Luis Borges

“I was raised among books, making invisible friends in pages that seemed cast from dust and whose smell I carry on my hands to this day.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“I hadn’t been in proper school in three years. My parents were my two best friends. My third best friend was an author who did not know I existed.”
― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars

“Even a book can be dangerous in the wrong hands, and when that happens, you blame the hands, but you also read the book.”
― Erika Johansen, The Queen of the Tearling

“She said it out loud, the words distributed into a room that was full of cold air and books. Books everywhere! Each wall was armed with overcrowded yet immaculate shelving. It was barely possible to see paintwork. There were all different styles and sizes of lettering on the spines of the black, the red, the gray, the every-colored books. It was one of the most beautiful things Liesel Meminger had ever seen.

With wonder, she smiled.

That such a room existed!”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“And what is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures or conversation?”
― Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland

“Sometimes I reread my favorite books from back to front. I start with the last chapter and read backward until I get to the beginning. When you read this way, characters go from hope to despair, from self-knowledge to doubt. In love stories, couples start out as lovers and end as strangers. Coming-of-age books become stories of losing your way. Your favorite characters come back to life.”
― Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything

“No furniture is so charming as books.”
― Sydney Smith , A memoir of the Rev. Sydney Smith

“Books permit us to voyage through time, to tap the wisdom of our ancestors. The library connects us with the insight and knowledge, painfully extracted from Nature, of the greatest minds that ever were, with the best teachers, drawn from the entire planet and from all our history, to instruct us without tiring, and to inspire us to make our own contribution to the collective knowledge of the human species. I think the health of our civilization, the depth of our awareness about the underpinnings of our culture and our concern for the future can all be tested by how well we support our libraries.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“Some books are undeservedly forgotten; none are undeservedly remembered.”
― W.H. Auden, The Dyer's Hand

“The art of not reading is a very important one. It consists in not taking an interest in whatever may be engaging the attention of the general public at any particular time. When some political or ecclesiastical pamphlet, or novel, or poem is making a great commotion, you should remember that he who writes for fools always finds a large public. A precondition for reading good books is not reading bad ones: for life is short.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms

“I picked up one of the books and flipped through it. Don't get me wrong, I like reading. But some books should come with warning labels: Caution: contains characters and plots guaranteed to induce sleepiness. Do not attempt to operate heavy machinery after ingesting more than one chapter. Has been known to cause blindness, seizures and a terminal loathing of literature. Should only be taken under the supervision of a highly trained English teacher. Preferably one who grades on the curve.”
― Laurie Halse Anderson, Twisted

“I am a product [...of] endless books. My father bought all the books he read and never got rid of any of them. There were books in the study, books in the drawing room, books in the cloakroom, books (two deep) in the great bookcase on the landing, books in a bedroom, books piled as high as my shoulder in the cistern attic, books of all kinds reflecting every transient stage of my parents' interest, books readable and unreadable, books suitable for a child and books most emphatically not. Nothing was forbidden me. In the seemingly endless rainy afternoons I took volume after volume from the shelves. I had always the same certainty of finding a book that was new to me as a man who walks into a field has of finding a new blade of grass.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled ‘This could change your life’.”
― Helen Exley

“I love walking into a bookstore. It's like all my friends are sitting on shelves, waving their pages at me.”
― Tahereh Mafi

“She was fascinated with words. To her, words were things of beauty, each like a magical powder or potion that could be combined with other words to create powerful spells.”
― Dean Koontz, Lightning

“There are too many books in the world to read in a single lifetime; you have to draw the line somewhere.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“I am eternally grateful for my knack of finding in great books, some of them very funny books, reason enough to feel honored to be alive, no matter what else might be going on.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Timequake

“I understood books. I did not understand boys—especially alien boys.”
― Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx

“Always read stuff that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.”
― P. J. O'Rourke

“. . . I lay on the bed and lost myself in the stories.
I liked that. Books were safer than other people anyway.”
― Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane

“She remembered one of her boyfriends asking, offhandedly, how many books she read in a year. "A few hundred," she said.
"How do you have the time?" he asked, gobsmacked.
She narrowed her eyes and considered the array of potential answers in front of her. Because I don't spend hours flipping through cable complaining there's nothing on? Because my entire Sunday is not eaten up with pre-game, in-game, and post-game talking heads? Because I do not spend every night drinking overpriced beer and engaging in dick-swinging contests with the other financirati? Because when I am waiting in line, at the gym, on the train, eating lunch, I am not complaining about the wait/staring into space/admiring myself in reflective surfaces? I am reading!
"I don't know," she said, shrugging.”
― Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters

“Never lend books, for no one ever returns them; the only books I have in my library are books that other folks have lent me.”
― Anatole France

“In omnibus requiem quaesivi, et nusquam inveni nisi in angulo cum libro.

(Everywhere I have sought peace and not found it, except in a corner with a book.)”
― Thomas a Kempis

“I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos. The pictures they paint, the music they compose, the books they write, and the lives they lead. Of all these the richest in beauty is the beautiful life. That is the perfect work of art.”
― W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil

“There are few sights sadder than a ruined book.”
― Lemony Snicket, The Wide Window

“Marginalia

Sometimes the notes are ferocious,
skirmishes against the author
raging along the borders of every page
in tiny black script.
If I could just get my hands on you,
Kierkegaard, or Conor Cruise O'Brien,
they seem to say,
I would bolt the door and beat some logic into your head.

Other comments are more offhand, dismissive -
Nonsense." "Please!" "HA!!" -
that kind of thing.
I remember once looking up from my reading,
my thumb as a bookmark,
trying to imagine what the person must look like
who wrote "Don't be a ninny"
alongside a paragraph in The Life of Emily Dickinson.

Students are more modest
needing to leave only their splayed footprints
along the shore of the page.
One scrawls "Metaphor" next to a stanza of Eliot's.
Another notes the presence of "Irony"
fifty times outside the paragraphs of A Modest Proposal.

Or they are fans who cheer from the empty bleachers,
Hands cupped around their mouths.
Absolutely," they shout
to Duns Scotus and James Baldwin.
Yes." "Bull's-eye." "My man!"
Check marks, asterisks, and exclamation points
rain down along the sidelines.

And if you have managed to graduate from college
without ever having written "Man vs. Nature"
in a margin, perhaps now
is the time to take one step forward.

We have all seized the white perimeter as our own
and reached for a pen if only to show
we did not just laze in an armchair turning pages;
we pressed a thought into the wayside,
planted an impression along the verge.

Even Irish monks in their cold scriptoria
jotted along the borders of the Gospels
brief asides about the pains of copying,
a bird singing near their window,
or the sunlight that illuminated their page-
anonymous men catching a ride into the future
on a vessel more lasting than themselves.

And you have not read Joshua Reynolds,
they say, until you have read him
enwreathed with Blake's furious scribbling.

Yet the one I think of most often,
the one that dangles from me like a locket,
was written in the copy of Catcher in the Rye
I borrowed from the local library
one slow, hot summer.
I was just beginning high school then,
reading books on a davenport in my parents' living room,
and I cannot tell you
how vastly my loneliness was deepened,
how poignant and amplified the world before me seemed,
when I found on one page

A few greasy looking smears
and next to them, written in soft pencil-
by a beautiful girl, I could tell,
whom I would never meet-
Pardon the egg salad stains, but I'm in love.”
― Billy Collins, Picnic, Lightning

“Only my books anoint me,
and a few friends,
those who reach into my veins.”
― Anne Sexton, The Complete Poems

“The ability to read awoke inside of me some long dormant craving to be mentally alive.”
― Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X

“Personally, I believe “Young Adult” to be an arbitrary title that means the book "Can be enjoyed by anyone/Has a main character who’s not quite an adult/Isn’t really boring.”
― Shannon Hale

“Literature is my Utopia”
― Helen Keller

“You're a hopeless romantic," said Faber. "It would be funny if it were not serious. It's not books you need, it's some of the things that once were in books. The same things could be in the 'parlor families' today. The same infinite detail and awareness could be projected through the radios, and televisors, but are not. No,no it's not books at all you're looking for! Take it where you can find it, in old phonograph records, old motion pictures, and in old friends; look for it in nature and look for it in yourself. Books were only one type or receptacle where we stored a lot of things we were afraid we might forget. There is nothing magical in them at all. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us. Of course you couldn't know this, of course you still can't understand what I mean when i say all this. You are intuitively right, that's what counts.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Reading well is one of the great pleasures that solitude can afford you.”
― Harold Bloom

“A good story is always more dazzling than a broken piece of truth.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“That's the whole point of good propaganda. You want to create a slogan that nobody's going to be against, and everybody's going to be for. Nobody knows what it means, because it doesn't mean anything.”
― Noam Chomsky

“We're all strangers connected by what we reveal, what we share, what we take away--our stories. I guess that's what I love about books--they are thin strands of humanity that tether us to one another for a small bit of time, that make us feel less alone or even more comfortable with our aloneness, if need be.”
― Libba Bray

“Authors like cats because they are such quiet, lovable, wise creatures, and cats like authors for the same reasons.”
― Robertson Davies

“Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby. But these things don't matter at all, because once you are Real you can't be ugly, except to people who don't understand.”
― Margery Williams Bianco, The Velveteen Rabbit

“Me, poor man, my library
Was dukedom large enough.”
― William Shakespeare, The Tempest

“The science of government it is my duty to study, more than all other sciences; the arts of legislation and administration and negotiation ought to take the place of, indeed exclude, in a manner, all other arts. I must study politics and war, that our sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. Our sons ought to study mathematics and philosophy, geography, natural history and naval architecture, navigation, commerce and agriculture in order to give their children a right to study painting, poetry, music, architecture, statuary, tapestry and porcelain.”
― John Adams, Letters of John Adams, Addressed to His Wife

“After that, the book will fade, the way all books fade in your mind. But I hope you will remember this:
A man walking fast down a dark lonely street. Quick steps and hard breathing, all wonder and need. A bell above a door and the tinkle it makes. A clerk and a ladder and warm golden light, and then: the right book exactly, at exactly the right time.”
― Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore

“His hands were weak and shaking from carrying far too many books from the bookshop. It was the best feeling.”
― Joseph Gordon-Levitt, The Tiny Book of Tiny Stories, Vol. 1

“I was with book, as a woman is with child.”
― C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces

“The person who deserves most pity is a lonesome one on a rainy day who doesn't know how to read.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“Personally, I am a hedonistic reader; I have never read a book merely because it was ancient. I read books for the aesthetic emotions they offer me, and I ignore the commentaries and criticism.”
― Jorge Luis Borges, Seven Nights

“We owe it to each other to tell stories.”
― Neil Gaiman

“Reading list (1972 edition)[edit]
1. Homer – Iliad, Odyssey
2. The Old Testament
3. Aeschylus – Tragedies
4. Sophocles – Tragedies
5. Herodotus – Histories
6. Euripides – Tragedies
7. Thucydides – History of the Peloponnesian War
8. Hippocrates – Medical Writings
9. Aristophanes – Comedies
10. Plato – Dialogues
11. Aristotle – Works
12. Epicurus – Letter to Herodotus; Letter to Menoecus
13. Euclid – Elements
14. Archimedes – Works
15. Apollonius of Perga – Conic Sections
16. Cicero – Works
17. Lucretius – On the Nature of Things
18. Virgil – Works
19. Horace – Works
20. Livy – History of Rome
21. Ovid – Works
22. Plutarch – Parallel Lives; Moralia
23. Tacitus – Histories; Annals; Agricola Germania
24. Nicomachus of Gerasa – Introduction to Arithmetic
25. Epictetus – Discourses; Encheiridion
26. Ptolemy – Almagest
27. Lucian – Works
28. Marcus Aurelius – Meditations
29. Galen – On the Natural Faculties
30. The New Testament
31. Plotinus – The Enneads
32. St. Augustine – On the Teacher; Confessions; City of God; On Christian Doctrine
33. The Song of Roland
34. The Nibelungenlied
35. The Saga of Burnt Njál
36. St. Thomas Aquinas – Summa Theologica
37. Dante Alighieri – The Divine Comedy;The New Life; On Monarchy
38. Geoffrey Chaucer – Troilus and Criseyde; The Canterbury Tales
39. Leonardo da Vinci – Notebooks
40. Niccolò Machiavelli – The Prince; Discourses on the First Ten Books of Livy
41. Desiderius Erasmus – The Praise of Folly
42. Nicolaus Copernicus – On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres
43. Thomas More – Utopia
44. Martin Luther – Table Talk; Three Treatises
45. François Rabelais – Gargantua and Pantagruel
46. John Calvin – Institutes of the Christian Religion
47. Michel de Montaigne – Essays
48. William Gilbert – On the Loadstone and Magnetic Bodies
49. Miguel de Cervantes – Don Quixote
50. Edmund Spenser – Prothalamion; The Faerie Queene
51. Francis Bacon – Essays; Advancement of Learning; Novum Organum, New Atlantis
52. William Shakespeare – Poetry and Plays
53. Galileo Galilei – Starry Messenger; Dialogues Concerning Two New Sciences
54. Johannes Kepler – Epitome of Copernican Astronomy; Concerning the Harmonies of the World
55. William Harvey – On the Motion of the Heart and Blood in Animals; On the Circulation of the Blood; On the Generation of Animals
56. Thomas Hobbes – Leviathan
57. René Descartes – Rules for the Direction of the Mind; Discourse on the Method; Geometry; Meditations on First Philosophy
58. John Milton – Works
59. Molière – Comedies
60. Blaise Pascal – The Provincial Letters; Pensees; Scientific Treatises
61. Christiaan Huygens – Treatise on Light
62. Benedict de Spinoza – Ethics
63. John Locke – Letter Concerning Toleration; Of Civil Government; Essay Concerning Human Understanding;Thoughts Concerning Education
64. Jean Baptiste Racine – Tragedies
65. Isaac Newton – Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy; Optics
66. Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz – Discourse on Metaphysics; New Essays Concerning Human Understanding;Monadology
67. Daniel Defoe – Robinson Crusoe
68. Jonathan Swift – A Tale of a Tub; Journal to Stella; Gulliver's Travels; A Modest Proposal
69. William Congreve – The Way of the World
70. George Berkeley – Principles of Human Knowledge
71. Alexander Pope – Essay on Criticism; Rape of the Lock; Essay on Man
72. Charles de Secondat, baron de Montesquieu – Persian Letters; Spirit of Laws
73. Voltaire – Letters on the English; Candide; Philosophical Dictionary
74. Henry Fielding – Joseph Andrews; Tom Jones
75. Samuel Johnson – The Vanity of Human Wishes; Dictionary; Rasselas; The Lives of the Poets”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“I'm old-fashioned and think that reading books is the most glorious pastime that humankind has yet devised.”
― Wislawa Szymborska, Nonrequired Reading

“Writers are the exorcists of their own demons.”
― Mario Vargas-Llosa

“There is no scent so pleasant to my nostrils as that faint, subtle reek which comes from an ancient book.”
― Arthur Conan Doyle

“Books, which we mistake for consolation, only add depth to our sorrow. ”
― Orhan Pamuk, My Name Is Red

“How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“I’ll read my books and I’ll drink coffee and I’ll listen to music, and I’ll bolt the door."

( A Boy in France : Saturday Evening Post CCXVII, March 31, 1945)”
― J.D. Salinger

“Don't mark up the Library's copy, you fool! Librarians are Unprankable. They'll track you down! They have skills!”
― Charles Ogden

“I wish we could sometimes love the characters in real life as we love the characters in romances. There are a great many human souls whom we should accept more kindly, and even appreciate more clearly, if we simply thought of them as people in a story.”
― G.K. Chesterton, What I Saw in America

“Neither novels or their readers benefit from any attempts to divine whether any facts hide inside a story. Such efforts attack the very idea that made-up stories can matter, which is sort of the foundational assumption of our species.”
― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars

“You see, unlike in the movies, there is no THE END sign flashing at the end of books. When I've read a book, I don't feel like I've finished anything. So I start a new one.”
― Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul

“When a reader falls in love with a book, it leaves its essence inside him, like radioactive fallout in an arable field, and after that there are certain crops that will no longer grow in him, while other, stranger, more fantastic growths may occasionally be produced."

[Books vs. Goons, L.A. Times, April 24, 2005]”
― Salman Rushdie

“There was another reason [she] took her books whenever they went away. They were her home when she was somewhere strange. They were familiar voices, friends that never quarreled with her, clever, powerful friends -- daring and knowledgeable, tried and tested adventurers who had traveled far and wide. Her books cheered her up when she was sad and kept her from being bored.”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkheart

“If you surround yourself with the good and righteous, they can only raise you up. If you surround yourself with the others, they will drag you down into the doldrums of mediocrity, and they will keep you there, but only as long as you permit it.”
― Mark Glamack

“It had been startling and disappointing to me to find out that story books had been written by people, that books were not natural wonders, coming up of themselves like grass. Yet regardless of where they come from, I cannot remember a time when I was not in love with them -- with the books themselves, cover and binding and the paper they were printed on, with their smell and their weight and with their possession in my arms, captured and carried off to myself. Still illiterate, I was ready for them, committed to all the reading I could give them ...”
― Eudora Welty, One Writer's Beginnings

“What refuge is there for the victim who is oppressed with the feeling that there are a thousand new books he ought to read, while life is only long enough for him to attempt to read a hundred?”
― Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., Over the Teacups

“A book is a device to ignite the imagination.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“Never Let anyone tell you that you can't; show them that you can.”
― Gloria Mallette

“We're going to meet a lot of lonely people in the next week and the next month and the next year. And when they ask us what we're doing, you can say, We're remembering. That's where we'll win out in the long run. And someday we'll remember so much that we'll build the biggest goddamn steamshovel in history and dig the biggest grave of all time and shove war in it and cover it up.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Books may look like nothing more than words on a page, but they are actually an infinitely complex imaginotransference technology that translates odd, inky squiggles into pictures inside your head.”
― Jasper Fforde, The Well of Lost Plots

“We are the people of the book. We love our books. We fill our houses with books. We treasure books we inherit from our parents, and we cherish the idea of passing those books on to our children. Indeed, how many of us started reading with a beloved book that belonged to one of our parents? We force worthy books on our friends, and we insist that they read them. We even feel a weird kinship for the people we see on buses or airplanes reading our books, the books that we claim. If anyone tries to take away our books—some oppressive government, some censor gone off the rails—we would defend them with everything that we have. We know our tribespeople when we visit their homes because every wall is lined with books. There are teetering piles of books beside the bed and on the floor; there are masses of swollen paperbacks in the bathroom. Our books are us. They are our outboard memory banks and they contain the moral, intellectual, and imaginative influences that make us the people we are today.”
― Cory Doctorow

“El libro es jardín que se puede llevar en el bolsillo, nave espacial que viaja en la mochila, arma para enfrentar las mejores batallas y afrentar a los peores enemigos, semilla de libertad, pañuelo para las lágrimas. El libro es cama mullida y cama de clavos, el libro te obliga a pensar, a sonreír, a llorar, a enojarte ante lo injusto y aplaudir la venganza de los justos. El libro es comida, techo, asiento, ropa que me arropa, boca que besa mi boca. Lugar que contiene el universo.”
― Benito Taibo, Persona normal

“I gave him my best cryptic smile. He did not fall down to his feet, kiss my shoes, and promise me the world. I must be getting rusty.”
― Ilona Andrews, Magic Bites

“There's a hunger for stories in all of us, adults too. We need stories so much that we're even willing to read bad books to get them, if the good books won't supply them.”
― Philip Pullman

“Reading is probably another way of being in a place.”
― José Saramago, El hombre duplicado

“If a book is well written, I always find it too short.”
― Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility

“I thought: pity the poor in spirit who know neither the enchantment nor the beauty of language.”
― Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog

“It's a rare book that wins the battle against drooping eyelids.”
― Tracy Chevalier

“It was amazing how many books one could fit into a room, assuming one didn't want to move around very much.”
― Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension

“Governments and fashions come and go but Jane Eyre is for all time.”
― Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair

“People don't read any more. It's a sad state of affairs. Reading's the only thing that allows you to use your imagination. When you watch films it's someone else's vision, isn't it?"

[Interview in The Independent, 15 October 2005]”
― Lemmy Kilmister

“An artist is someone who can hold two opposing viewpoints and still remain fully functional.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald

“What better place to kill time than a library?”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we believe we left without having lived them, those we spent with a favorite book.”
― Marcel Proust, Days of Reading

“A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition. Like money, books must be kept in constant circulation... A book is not only a friend, it makes friends for you. When you have possessed a book with mind and spirit, you are enriched. But when you pass it on you are enriched threefold.”
― Henry Miller, The Books in My Life

“The book itself is a curious artifact, not showy in its technology but complex and extremely efficient: a really neat little device, compact, often very pleasant to look at and handle, that can last decades, even centuries. It doesn't have to be plugged in, activated, or performed by a machine; all it needs is light, a human eye, and a human mind. It is not one of a kind, and it is not ephemeral. It lasts. It is reliable. If a book told you something when you were fifteen, it will tell it to you again when you're fifty, though you may understand it so differently that it seems you're reading a whole new book."

(Staying Awake: Notes on the alleged decline of reading, Harper's Magazine, February 2008)”
― Ursula K. Le Guin

“A successful book is not made of what is in it, but what is left out of it.”
― Mark Twain

“As long as you have any floor space at all, you have room for books! Just make two stacks of books the same height, place them three or four feet apart, lay a board across them, and repeat. Viola! Bookshelves!”
― Jan Karon

“Life is too short to read books that I'm not enjoying.”
― Melissa Marr

“Writing fiction is the act of weaving a series of lies to arrive at a greater truth.”
― Khaled Hosseini

“In the library I felt better, words you could trust and look at till you understood them, they couldn't change half way through a sentence like people, so it was easier to spot a lie.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit

“Books may not change our suffering, books may not protect us from evil, books may not tell us what is good or what is beautiful, and they will certainly not shield us from the common fate of the grave. But books grant us myriad possibilities: the possibility of change, the possibility of illumination.”
― Alberto Manguel

“Nice things don’t happen in storybooks,” Taryn says. “Or when they do happen, something bad happens next. Because otherwise the story would be boring, and no one would read it.”
― Holly Black, The Cruel Prince

“The failure to read good books both enfeebles the vision and strengthens our most fatal tendency -- the belief that the here and now is all there is.”
― Allan Bloom, The Closing of the American Mind

“Wear the old coat and buy the new book.”
― Austin Phelps

“Ahhh. Bed, book, kitten, sandwich. All one needed in life, really.”
― Jacqueline Kelly, The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate

“It is clear that the books owned the shop rather than the other way about. Everywhere they had run wild and taken possession of their habitat, breeding and multiplying, and clearly lacking any strong hand to keep them down.”
― Agatha Christie, The Clocks

“What he knew, he knew from books, and books lied, they made things prettier.”
― Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life

“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
― Dr Roopleen, Words to inspire the winner in YOU

“What we become depends on what we read after all of the professors have finished with us. The greatest university of all is a collection of books.”
― Thomas Carlyle

“A good book ... leaves you wanting to reread the book. A great book compels you to reread your own soul.”
― Richard Flanagan, The Narrow Road to the Deep North

“Do not, under any circumstances, belittle a work of fiction by trying to turn it into a carbon copy of real life; what we search for in fiction is not so much reality but the epiphany of truth.”
― Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran: A Memoir in Books

“The stupidity of people comes from having an answer for everything. The wisdom of the novel comes from having a question for everything....The novelist teaches the reader to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude. In a world built on sacrosanct certainties the novel is dead. The totalitarian world, whether founded on Marx, Islam, or anything else, is a world of answers rather than questions. There, the novel has no place.”
― Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting

“Her reputation for reading a great deal hung about her like the cloudy envelope of a goddess in an epic.”
― Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady

“Some say life is the thing, but I prefer reading.”
― Ruth Rendell, A Judgement in Stone

“Books are not about passing time. They're about other lives. Other worlds. Far from wanting time to pass, one just wishes one had more of it. If one wanted to pass the time one could go to New Zealand.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future.”
― Ray Bradbury

“You want to remember that while you're judging the book, the book is also judging you.”
― Stephen King, Night Shift

“Fill your house with stacks of books, in all the crannies and all the nooks.”
― Dr. Seuss

“I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like.”
― Jess C Scott, New Order

“Give yourself unto reading. The man who never reads will never be read; he who never quotes will never be quoted. He who will not use the thoughts of other men’s brains, proves that he has no brains of his own. You need to read.

. . .

We are quite persuaded that the very best way for you to be spending your leisure time, is to be either reading or praying. You may get much instruction from books which afterwards you may use as a true weapon in your Lord and Master’s service. Paul cries, “Bring the books” — join in the cry.”
― Charles Haddon Spurgeon

“There were valuable first editions of books in the enormous library, most of them had been scribbled in by some idiot named Will H.”
― Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows

“Books can not be killed by fire. People die, but books never die. No man and no force can abolish memory... In this war, we know, books are weapons. And it is a part of your dedication always to make them weapons for man's freedom.”
― Franklin D. Roosevelt

“If this nation is to be wise as well as strong, if we are to achieve our destiny, then we need more new ideas for more wise men reading more good books in more public libraries. These libraries should be open to all—except the censor. We must know all the facts and hear all the alternatives and listen to all the criticisms. Let us welcome controversial books and controversial authors. For the Bill of Rights is the guardian of our security as well as our liberty.

[Response to questionnaire in Saturday Review, October 29 1960]”
― John F. Kennedy

“She breathed deeply of the scent of decaying fiction, disintegrating history, and forgotten verse, and she observed for the first time that a room full of books smelled like dessert: a sweet snack made of figs, vanilla, glue, and cleverness.”
― Joe Hill, NOS4A2

“Nobody steals books but your friends.”
― Roger Zelazny, The Guns of Avalon

“When male authors write love stories, the heroine tends to end up dead.”
― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet?

“A good book is the precious life-blood of a master spirit, embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life.”
― John Milton, Areopagitica

“Because when I read, I don't really read; I pop a beautiful sentence into my mouth and suck it like a fruit drop, or I sip it like a liqueur until the thought dissolves in me like alcohol, infusing brain and heart and coursing on through the veins to the root of each blood vessel.”
― Bohumil Hrabal, Too Loud a Solitude

“When I am king they shall not have bread and shelter only, but also teachings out of books, for a full belly is little worth where the mind is starved.”
― Mark Twain, The Prince and the Pauper

“القراءة المبالغ فيها لا تجعل منا أذكياء. بعض الناس يبتلعون الكتب, وهم يفعلون ذلك بدون فاصل للتفكير الضروري. وهو ضروري لكي يهضم المقروء ويبنى ويتبنى ويُفهم”
― علي عزت بيجوفيتش, هروبي إلى الحرية

“Often on a wet day I begin counting up; what I've read and what I haven't read.”
― Virginia Woolf, Between the Acts

“Reading is not an end to itself, but a means to an end.”
― Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf

“She closed the book and put her cheek against it. There was still an odor of a library on it, of dust, leather, binding glue, and old paper, one book carrying the smell of hundreds.”
― Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl

“Books... are like lobster shells, we surround ourselves with 'em, then we grow out of 'em and leave 'em behind, as evidence of our earlier stages of development.”
― Dorothy L. Sayers, The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club

“A story is not like a road to follow … it's more like a house. You go inside and stay there for a while, wandering back and forth and settling where you like and discovering how the room and corridors relate to each other, how the world outside is altered by being viewed from these windows. And you, the visitor, the reader, are altered as well by being in this enclosed space, whether it is ample and easy or full of crooked turns, or sparsely or opulently furnished. You can go back again and again, and the house, the story, always contains more than you saw the last time. It also has a sturdy sense of itself of being built out of its own necessity, not just to shelter or beguile you.”
― Alice Munro, Selected Stories

“One day, she ventured to the palace library and was delighted to find what good company books could be.”
― E. Lockhart, We Were Liars

“Thus I rediscovered what writers have always known (and have told us again and again): books always speak of other books, and every story tells a story that has already been told.”
― Umberto Eco, Postscript to the Name of the Rose

“There are metaphors more real than the people who walk in the street. There are images tucked away in books that live more vividly than many men and women. There are phrases from literary works that have a positively human personality. There are passages from my own writing that chill me with fright, so distinctly do I feel them as people, so sharply outlined do they appear against the walls of my room, at night, in shadows... I've written sentences whose sound, read out loud or silently (impossible to hide their sound), can only be of something that acquired absolute exteriority and a full-fledged soul.”
― Pessoa, Fernando, The Book of Disquiet

“When you sell a man a book you don't sell just twelve ounces of paper and ink and glue - you sell him a whole new life. Love and friendship and humour and ships at sea by night - there's all heaven and earth in a book, a real book.”
― Christopher Morley

“I'm trying to undermine the basis of Christian belief... I'm not in the business of offending people. I find the books upholding certain values that I think are important, such as life is immensely valuable and this world is an extraordinarily beautiful place. We should do what we can to increase the amount of wisdom in the world.

[Washington Post interview, 19 February 2001]”
― philip pullman

“My youngest brother had a wonderful schtick from some time in high school, through to graduating medicine. He had a card in his wallet that read, ‘If I am found with amnesia, please give me the following books to read …’ And it listed half a dozen books where he longed to recapture that first glorious sense of needing to find out ‘what happens next’ … the feeling that keeps you up half the night. The feeling that comes before the plot’s been learned.”
― Guy Gavriel Kay

“I know there are people who don't read fiction at all, and I find it hard to understand how they can bear to be inside the same head all the time.”
― Diane Setterfield

“The unread story is not a story; it is little black marks on wood pulp. The reader, reading it, makes it live: a live thing, a story.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places

“Fiction can show you a different world. It can take you somewhere you've never been. Once you've visited other worlds, like those who ate fairy fruit, you can never be entirely content with the world that you grew up in. Discontent is a good thing: discontented people can modify and improve their worlds, leave them better, leave them different.

And while we're on the subject, I'd like to say a few words about escapism. I hear the term bandied about as if it's a bad thing. As if "escapist" fiction is a cheap opiate used by the muddled and the foolish and the deluded, and the only fiction that is worthy, for adults or for children, is mimetic fiction, mirroring the worst of the world the reader finds herself in.

If you were trapped in an impossible situation, in an unpleasant place, with people who meant you ill, and someone offered you a temporary escape, why wouldn't you take it? And escapist fiction is just that: fiction that opens a door, shows the sunlight outside, gives you a place to go where you are in control, are with people you want to be with(and books are real places, make no mistake about that); and more importantly, during your escape, books can also give you knowledge about the world and your predicament, give you weapons, give you armour: real things you can take back into your prison. Skills and knowledge and tools you can use to escape for real.

As JRR Tolkien reminded us, the only people who inveigh against escape are jailers.”
― Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction

“Books, the children of the brain.”
― Jonathan Swift, A Tale Of A Tub And Other Writings

“Books are the carriers of civilization. Without books, history is silent, literature dumb, science crippled, thought and speculation at a standstill. Without books, the development of civilization would have been impossible. They are engines of change (as the poet said), windows on the world and lighthouses erected in the sea of time. They are companions, teachers, magicians, bankers of the treasures of the mind. Books are humanity in print.

[Bulletin of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Vol. 34, No. 2 (Nov. 1980), pp. 16-32]”
― Barbara Tuchman

“Literature adds to reality, it does not simply describe it. It enriches the necessary competencies that daily life requires and provides; and in this respect, it irrigates the deserts that our lives have already become.”
― C.S. Lewis

“When you handle books all day long, every new one is a friend and a temptation.”
― Elizabeth Kostovia, The Historian

“[I]t's not just the books under fire now that worry me. It is the books that will never be written. The books that will never be read. And all due to the fear of censorship. As always, young readers will be the real losers.”
― Judy Blume

“You forget everything. The hours slip by. You travel in your chair through centuries you seem seem to see before you, your thoughts are caught up in the story, dallying with the details or following the course of the plot, you enter into characters, so that it seems as if it were your own heart beating beneath their costumes.”
― Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary

“Come with me,' Mom says.
To the library.
Books and summertime
go together.”
― Lisa Schroeder, I Heart You, You Haunt Me

“Never trust a man who reads only one book.”
― Arturo Pérez-Reverte, Purity of Blood

“those of us who read because we love it more than anything, who feel about bookstores the way some people feel about jewelers...”
― Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life

“Libraries raised me.”
― Ray Bradbury

“All books are divisible into two classes: the books of the hours, and the books of all Time.”
― John Ruskin, Sesame and Lilies

“With my eyes closed, I would touch a familiar book and draw its fragrance deep inside me. This was enough to make me happy. ”
― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood

“A library outranks any other one thing a community can do to benefit its people. It is a never failing spring in the desert.”
― Andrew Carnegie

“Insensibly he formed the most delightful habit in the world, the habit of reading: he did not know that thus he was providing himself with a refuge from all the distress of life; he did not know either that he was creating for himself an unreal world which would make the real world of every day a source of bitter disappointment.”
― W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage

“The best way to become acquainted with a subject is to write about it. ”
― Benjamin Disraeli

“A woman's destiny, they say, is not fulfilled until she holds in her arms her own little book.”
― Caroline Mytinger, Headhunting In The Solomon Islands: Around The Coral Sea

“They had only ever discussed books but what, in this life, is more personal than books?”
― Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry

“I had found my religion: nothing seemed more important to me than a book. I saw the library as a temple.”
― Jean-Paul Sartre, The Words

“You don't put your life into your books, you find it there.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“You are a total stranger and you want to take my library book.”
― Elizabeth Kostova, The Historian

“Never put off till tomorrow the book you can read today.”
― Holbrook Jackson

“How is it that, a full two centuries after Jane Austen finished her manuscript, we come to the world of Pride and Prejudice and find ourselves transcending customs, strictures, time, mores, to arrive at a place that educates, amuses, and enthralls us? It is a miracle. We read in bed because reading is halfway between life and dreaming, our own consciousness in someone else's mind.”
― Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life

“A book read by a thousand different people is a thousand different books.”
― Andrei Tarkovsky

“أَعَزُّ مَكانٍ في الدُنَى سَرجُ سابِحٍ
وخَيرُ جَليسٍ في الزَمانِ كتـــــابُ”
― أبو الطيب المتنبي

“Of course anyone who truly loves books buys more of them than he or she can hope to read in one fleeting lifetime. A good book, resting unopened in its slot on a shelf, full of majestic potentiality, is the most comforting sort of intellectual wallpaper.”
― David Quammen, The Boilerplate Rhino: Nature in the Eye of the Beholder

“No hot guy should be allowed to have an English accent and drive a motorcycle.
Not to mention wear the leather jacket or sport the cool shades. Hot guys should be forced into footie pajamas.”
― Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun

“…only then did I wake out of the book.”
― John McGahern

“She'd always been a little excitable, a little more passionate about books than your average person, but she was supposed to be -- she was a librarian, after all.”
― Sarah Beth Durst

“She didn't read books so she didn't know that she was the world and the heavens boiled down to a drop.”
― Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God

“She read books quickly and compulsively, paperback after paperback, as if she might drift away without the anchor of the printed page.”
― Jane Hamilton

“I hate when people ask what a book is about. People who read for plot, people who suck out the story like the cream filling in an Oreo, should stick to comic strips and soap operas. . . . Every book worth a damn is about emotions and love and death and pain. It's about words. It's about a man dealing with life. Okay?”
― J.R. Moehringer

“The world is a hellish place, and bad writing is destroying the quality of our suffering.”
― Tom Waits

“She should have done science, not spent all her time with her head in novels. Novels gave you a completely false idea about life, they told lies and they implied there were endings when in reality there were no endings, everything just went on and on and on.”
― Kate Atkinson, Case Histories

“Fiction is like a spider's web, attached ever so lightly perhaps, but still attached to life at all four corners.”
― Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own

“[Public] libraries should be open to all—except the censor.

[Response to questionnaire in Saturday Review, October 29 1960]”
― John F. Kennedy

“For books are more than books, they are the life, the very heart and core of ages past, the reason why men worked and died, the essence and quintessence of their lives.”
― Cicero

“Children deprived of words become school dropouts; dropouts deprived of hope behave delinquently. Amateur censors blame delinquency on reading immoral books and magazines, when in fact, the inability to read anything is the basic trouble.”
― Peter S. Jennison

“And books, they offer one hope -- that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe, one is saved.”
― Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm

“Some books leave us free and some books make us free.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“One day I would have all the books in the world, shelves and shelves of them. I would live my life in a tower of books. I would read all day long and eat peaches. And if any young knights in armor dared to come calling on their white chargers and plead with me to let down my hair, I would pelt them with peach pits until they went home.”
― Jacqueline Kelly, The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate

“I love everything that is old; old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wines.”
― Oliver Goldsmith, The Vicar of Wakefield

“I believe that today more than ever a book should be sought after even if it has only one great page in it. We must search for fragments, splinters, toenails, anything that has ore in it, anything that is capable of resuscitating the body and the soul.”
― Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer

“A motion picture, or music, or television, they have to maintain a certain decorum in order to be broadcast to a vast audience. Other forms of mass media cost too much to produce a risk reaching only a limited audience. Only one person. But a book. . . . A book is cheap to print and bind. A book is as private and consensual as sex. A book takes time and effort to consume - something that gives a reader every chance to walk away. Actually, so few people make the effort to read that it's difficult to call books a "mass medium." No one really gives a damn about books. No one has bothered to ban a book in decades.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted

“What kind of life can you have in a house without books?”
― Sherman Alexie, Flight

“I leapt eagerly into books. The characters’ lives were so much more interesting than the lonely heartbeat of my own.”
― Ruta Sepetys, Out of the Easy

“I can imagine no greater bliss than to lie about, reading novels all day.”
― Julia Quinn, Ten Things I Love About You

“A house without books is like a room without windows. No man has a right to bring up his children without surrounding them with books, if he has the means to buy them. It is a wrong to his family. He cheats them! Children learn to read by being in the presence of books. The love of knowledge comes with reading and grows upon it.”
― Horace Mann, Life and Works of Horace Mann Volume 3

“Experience is the best teacher.”
― Penelope Douglas, Bully

“When you re-read a classic you do not see in the book more than you did before. You see more in you than there was before.”
― Clifton Fadiman, Any Number Can Play

“I wanted to crawl in between those black lines of print, the way you crawl through a fence, and go to sleep under that beautiful big green fig-tree.”
― Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar

“There is something wonderful about a book. We can pick it up. We can heft it. We can read it. We can set it down. We can think of what we have read. It does something for us. We can share great minds, great actions, and great undertakings in the pages of a book.”
― Gordon B. Hinckley, Standing for Something: Ten Neglected Virtues That Will Heal Our Hearts and Homes

“Literature is my Utopia. Here I am not disenfranchised. No barrier of the senses shuts me out from the sweet, gracious discourses of my book friends. They talk to me without embarrassment or awkwardness.”
― Helen Keller, The Story of My Life

“Life was not easy, nor was it happy, but she did not expect life to be easy, and, if it was not happy, that was woman's lot. It was a man's world, and she accepted it as such. The man owned the property, and the woman managed it. The man took credit for the management, and the woman praised his cleverness. The man roared like a bull when a splinter was in his finger, and the woman muffled the moans of childbirth, lest she disturb him. Men were rough of speech and often drunk. Women ignored the lapses of speech and put the drunkards to bed without bitter words. Men were rude and outspoken, women were always kind, gracious and forgiving.”
― Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind

“Censorship is the child of fear and the father of ignorance.”
― Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak

“Books are like imprisoned souls till someone takes them down from a shelf and frees them.”
― Samuel Butler, The Note Books of Samuel Butler

“The shelf was filled with books that were hard to read, that could devastate and remake one's soul, and that, when they were finished, had a kick like a mule.”
― Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale

“Books can truly change our lives: the lives of those who read them, the lives of those who write them. Readers and writers alike discover things they never knew about the world and about themselves.”
― Lloyd Alexander, Time Cat

“I wanted to live among books.”
― Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading

“I only want power so I can get books.”
― Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality

“A stereotype becomes a stereotype when a significant percentage of the population appears to conform to it.”
― Kelley Armstrong, Dime Store Magic

“What is the quality you most like in a man?
The ability to return books.”
― David Bowie

“The best stories don't come from "good vs. bad" but "good vs. good.”
― Leo Tolstoy

“Reading gives us someplace to go when we have to stay where we are.”
― Mason Cooley

“I even love the smell of books.”
― Adriana Trigiani

“Why does one begin to write? Because she feels misunderstood, I guess. Because it never comes out clearly enough when she tries to speak. Because she wants to rephrase the world, to take it in and give it back again differently, so that everything is used and nothing is lost. Because it's something to do to pass the time until she is old enough to experience the things she writes about.”
― Nicole Krauss

“I have a realistic grasp of my own strengths and weaknesses. My mind is my weapon. My brother has his sword, King Robert has his warhammer, and I have my mind… and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge. That’s why I read so much, Jon Snow.”
― George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones

“Until then I had thought each book spoke of the things, human or divine, that lie outside books. Now I realized that not infrequently books speak of books: it is as if they spoke among themselves. In the light of this reflection, the library seemed all the more disturbing to me. It was then the place of a long, centuries-old murmuring, an imperceptible dialogue between one parchment and another, a living thing, a receptacle of powers not to be ruled by a human mind, a treasure of secrets emanated by many minds, surviving the death of those who had produced them or had been their conveyors.”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“The one way of tolerating existence is to lose oneself in literature as in a perpetual orgy.”
― Gustave Flaubert

“We need the books that affect us like a disaster, that grieve us deeply, like the death of someone we loved more than ourselves, like being banished into forests far from everyone, like a suicide. A book must be the axe for the frozen sea inside us.”
― Franz Kafka

“Books - the best antidote against the marsh-gas of boredom and vacuity.”
― George Steiner

“It's a strange grief… to die of nostalgia for something you you will never live.”
― Alessandro Baricco, Silk

“I love the solitude of reading. I love the deep dive into someone else's story, the delicious ache of a last page.”
― Naomi Shihab Nye

“A word to the unwise.
Torch every book.
Char every page.
Burn every word to ash.
Ideas are incombustible.
And therein lies your real fear.”
― Ellen Hopkins

“I can promise you books and conversation and all my heart.”
― Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry

“I spent the rest of the day in someone else's story. The rare moments that I put the book down, my own pain returned in burning stabs.”
― Amy Plum, Die for Me

“I have gone to [this bookshop] for years, always finding the one book I wanted - and then three more I hadn’t known I wanted.”
― Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society

“The point is, it didn’t really matter what the book was about. It was what it meant that was important.”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“There weren't any curtains in the windows, and the books that didn't fit into the bookshelf lay piled on the floor like a bunch of intellectual refugees.”
― Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart

“His habit of reading isolated him: it became such a need that after being in company for some time he grew tired and restless; he was vain of the wider knowledge he had acquired from the perusal of so many books, his mind was alert, and he had not the skill to hide his contempt for his companions' stupidity. They complained that he was conceited; and, since he excelled only in matters which to them were unimportant, they asked satirically what he had to be conceited about. He was developing a sense of humour, and found that he had a knack of saying bitter things, which caught people on the raw; he said them because they amused him, hardly realising how much they hurt, and was much offended when he found that his victims regarded him with active dislike. The humiliations he suffered when he first went to school had caused in him a shrinking from his fellows which he could never entirely overcome; he remained shy and silent. But though he did everything to alienate the sympathy of other boys he longed with all his heart for the popularity which to some was so easily accorded. These from his distance he admired extravagantly; and though he was inclined to be more sarcastic with them than with others, though he made little jokes at their expense, he would have given anything to change places with them.”
― W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage

“I just knew there were stories I wanted to tell.”
― Octavia E. Butler

“Books are like oxygen to a deep-sea diver," she had once said. "Take them away and you might as well begin counting the bubbles.”
― Alan Bradley, I Am Half-Sick of Shadows

“My bookcase is all yours."
I walked to the door. "I've just decided that those are my favorite five words in the world.”
― Kasie West, Pivot Point

“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
― Dr Roopleen, Words to inspire the winner in YOU

“I love inscriptions on flyleaves and notes in margins, I like the comradely sense of turning pages someone else turned, and reading passages someone long gone has called my attention to.”
― Helene Hanff, 84, Charing Cross Road

“Human sympathy has its limits.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby

“The books or the music in which we thought the beauty was located will betray us if we trust to them; it was not in them, it only came through them, and what came through them was longing. These things—the beauty, the memory of our own past—are good images of what we really desire; but if they are mistaken for the thing itself they turn into dumb idols, breaking the hearts of their worshipers. For they are not the thing itself; they are only the scent of a flower we have not found, the echo of a tune we have not heard, news from a country we have never yet visited.”
― C.S. Lewis

“There are books so alive that you're always afraid that while you weren't reading, the book has gone and changed, has shifted like a river; while you went on living, it went on living too, and like a river moved on and moved away. No one has stepped twice into the same river. But did anyone ever step twice into the same book?”
― Marina Tsvetaeva

“You are enough to drive a saint to madness or a king to his knees.”
― Grace Willows, To Kiss a King

“You know how it is when you're reading a book and falling asleep, you're reading, reading... and all of a sudden you notice your eyes are closed? I'm like that all the time.”
― Steven Wright

“A big leather-bound volume makes an ideal razorstrap. A thing book is useful to stick under a table with a broken caster to steady it. A large, flat atlas can be used to cover a window with a broken pane. And a thick, old-fashioned heavy book with a clasp is the finest thing in the world to throw at a noisy cat.”
― Mark Twain

“The true birthplace is that wherein for the first time one looks intelligently upon oneself; my first homelands have been books, and to a lesser degree schools.”
― Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian

“Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book. People who are fond of books know the feeling of irritation which sweeps over them at such a moment. The temptation to be unreasonable and snappish is one not easy to manage.

"It makes me feel as if something had hit me," Sara had told Ermengarde once in confidence. "And as if I want to hit back. I have to remember things quickly to keep from saying something ill-tempered.”
― Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess

“Reading changes your life. Reading unlocks worlds unknown or forgotten, taking travelers around the world and through time. Reading helps you escape the confines of school and pursue your own education. Through characters – the saints and the sinners, real or imagined – reading shows you how to be a better human being.”
― Donalyn Miller, The Book Whisperer: Awakening the Inner Reader in Every Child

“There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and a tired man who wants a book to read.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“I attempted briefly to consecrate myself in the public library, believing every crack in my soul could be chinked with a book.”
― Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible

“An unread book does nobody any good. Stories happen in the mind of a reader, not among symbols printed on a page.”
― Brandon Mull

“If your library is not "unsafe," it probably isn't doing its job.”
― John Berry

“I only read biographies, metaphysics and psychology. I can dream up my own fiction.”
― Mae West

“I'm pretty sure my addiction to reading has just reached a whole new level.”
― Colleen Hoover, Hopeless

“I ate them like salad, books were my sandwich for lunch, my tiffin and dinner and midnight munch. I tore out the pages, ate them with salt, doused them with relish, gnawed on the bindings, turned the chapters with my tongue! Books by the dozen, the score and the billion. I carried so many home I was hunchbacked for years. Philosophy, art history, politics, social science, the poem, the essay, the grandiose play, you name 'em, I ate 'em.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“There never yet have been, nor are there now, too many good books.”
― Martin Luther

“I like best to have one book in my hand, and a stack of others on the floor beside me, so as to know the supply of poppy and mandragora will not run out before the small hours.”
― Dorothy Parker, The Collected Dorothy Parker

“In the shop window you have promptly identified the cover with the title you were looking for. Following this visual trail, you have forced your way through the shop past the thick barricade of Books You Haven't Read, which were frowning at you from the tables and shelves, trying to cow you. But you know you must never allow yourself to be awed, that among them there extend for acres and acres the Books You Needn't Read, the Books Made For Purposes Other Than Reading, Books Read Even Before You Open Them Since They Belong To The Category Of Books Read Before Being Written. And thus you pass the outer girdle of ramparts, but then you are attacked by the infantry of the Books That If You Had More Than One Life You Would Certainly Also Read But Unfortunately Your Days Are Numbered. With a rapid maneuver you bypass them and move into the phalanxes of the Books You Mean To Read But There Are Others You Must Read First, the Books Too Expensive Now And You'll Wait Till They're Remaindered, the Books ditto When They Come Out In Paperback, Books You Can Borrow From Somebody, Books That Everybody's Read So It's As If You Had Read Them, Too. Eluding these assaults, you come up beneath the towers of the fortress, where other troops are holding out:

the Books You've Been Planning To Read For Ages,

the Books You've Been Hunting For Years Without Success,

the Books Dealing With Something You're Working On At The Moment,

the Books You Want To Own So They'll Be Handy Just In Case,

the Books You Could Put Aside Maybe To Read This Summer,

the Books You Need To Go With Other Books On Your Shelves,

the Books That Fill You With Sudden, Inexplicable Curiosity, Not Easily Justified,

Now you have been able to reduce the countless embattled troops to an array that is, to be sure, very large but still calculable in a finite number; but this relative relief is then undermined by the ambush of the Books Read Long Ago Which It's Now Time To Reread and the Books You've Always Pretended To Have Read And Now It's Time To Sit Down And Really Read Them.”
― Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler

“We lose ourselves in what we read, only to return to ourselves, transformed and part of a more expansive world.”
― Judith Butler

“Read. Read anything. Read the things they say are good for you, and the things they claim are junk. You'll find what you need to find. Just read.”
― Neil Gaiman

“A good book should leave you....slightly exhausted at the end. You live several lives while reading it.”
― William Styron

“And this our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything. I would not change it.”
― William Shakespeare, As You Like It

“I think a good book is a good book forever.
I don't think they get less good because times change.”
― Megan Whalen Turner

“Be curious. Read widely. Try new things. What people call intelligence just boils down to curiosity.”
― Aaron Swartz

“Books are to me as homemade tattoos are to an inmate. Can't get enough of them.”
― Laurie Notaro, I Love Everybody

“He'll be down with the books. My old septon used to say books are dead men talking. Dead men should keep quiet is what I say. No one wants to hear a dead man's yabber.”
― George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons

“Buying books would be a good thing if one could also buy the time to read them; but as a rule the purchase of books is mistaken for the appropriation of their contents.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer, Counsels and Maxims (The Essays of Arthur Schopenhauer)

“No book worth its salt is meant to put you to sleep, it's meant to make you jump out of your bed in your underwear and run and beat the author's brains out.”
― Bohumil Hrabal, Dancing Lessons for the Advanced in Age

“Here's what I mean by the miracle of language. When you're falling into a good book, exactly as you might fall into a dream, a little conduit opens, a passageway between a reader's heart and a writer's, a connection that transcends the barriers of continents and generations and even death ... And here's the magic. You're different. You can never go back to being exactly the same person you were before you disappeared into that book.”
― Anthony Doerr

“Books fall open, you fall in”
― David McCord

“How does it feel, anyway?"
How does what feel?"
When you take one of those books?"
At that moment, she chose to keep still. If he wants an answer, he'd have to come back, and he did. "Well?" he asked, but again, it was the boy who replied, before Liesel could even open her mouth.
It feels good, doesn't it? To steal something back.”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“Booksellers are the most valuable destination for the lonely, given the numbers of books written because authors couldn't find anyone to talk to.”
― Alain de Botton, The Consolations of Philosophy

“Life is too short to waste time on books that end badly”
― Jayne Ann Krentz, Running Hot

“And she never could remember; and ever since that day what Lucy means by a good story is a story which reminds her of the forgotten story in the Magician's Book.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader

“A story is alive, as you and I are. It is rounded by muscle and sinew. Rushed with blood. Layered with skin, both rough and smooth. At its core lies soft marrow of hard, white bone. A story beats with the heart of every person who has ever strained ears to listen. On the breath of the storyteller, it soars. Until its images and deeds become so real you can see them in the air, shimmering like oases on the horizon line. A story can fly like a bee, so straight and swift you catch only the hum of its passing. Or move so slowly it seems motionless, curled in upon itself like a snake in the sun. It can vanish like smoke before the wind. Linger like perfume in the nose. Change with every telling, yet always remain the same.”
― Cameron Dokey

“A book has been taken. A book has been taken? You summoned the Watch," Carrot drew himself up proudly, "because someone's taken a book? You think that's worse than murder?"
The Librarian gave him the kind of look other people would reserve for people who said things like "What's so bad about genocide?”
― Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!

“Adult librarians are like lazy bakers: their patrons want a jelly doughnut, so they give them a jelly doughnut. Children’s librarians are ambitious bakers: 'You like the jelly doughnut? I’ll get you a jelly doughnut. But you should try my cruller, too. My cruller is gonna blow your mind, kid.”
― John Green

“I read the fuck out of every book I can get my hands on.”
― Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down

“Properly, we should read for power. Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.”
― Ezra Pound

“Break the spine of one of my books and I break yours.”
― Mia James, By Midnight

“It is with books as with men: a very small number play a great part.”
― Voltaire

“Just the knowledge that a good book is awaiting one at the end of a long day makes that day happier. ”
― Kathleen Thompson Norris, Hands Full of Living

“The book is a film that takes place in the mind of the reader. That's why we go to movies and say, "Oh, the book is better.”
― Paulo Coelho

“You have to remember that it is impossible to commit a crime while reading a book.”
― John Waters

“I write to find strength.
I write to become the person that hides inside me.
I write to light the way through the darkness for others.
I write to be seen and heard.
I write to be near those I love.
I write by accident, promptings, purposefully and anywhere there is paper.
I write because my heart speaks a different language that someone needs to hear.
I write past the embarrassment of exposure.
I write because hypocrisy doesn’t need answers, rather it needs questions to heal.
I write myself out of nightmares.
I write because I am nostalgic, romantic and demand happy endings.
I write to remember.
I write knowing conversations don’t always take place.
I write because speaking can’t be reread.
I write to sooth a mind that races.
I write because you can play on the page like a child left alone in the sand.
I write because my emotions belong to the moon; high tide, low tide.
I write knowing I will fall on my words, but no one will say it was for very long.
I write because I want to paint the world the way I see love should be.
I write to provide a legacy.
I write to make sense out of senselessness.
I write knowing I will be killed by my own words, stabbed by critics, crucified by both misunderstanding and understanding.
I write for the haters, the lovers, the lonely, the brokenhearted and the dreamers.
I write because one day someone will tell me that my emotions were not a waste of time.
I write because God loves stories.
I write because one day I will be gone, but what I believed and felt will live on.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Books. They are lined up on shelves or stacked on a table. There they are wrapped up in their jackets, lines of neat print on nicely bound pages. They look like such orderly, static things. Then you, the reader come along. You open the book jacket, and it can be like opening the gates to an unknown city, or opening the lid of a treasure chest. You read the first word and you're off on a journey of exploration and discovery.”
― David Almond

“I get so god damn lonely and sad and filled with regrets some days. It overwhelms me as I’m sitting on the bus; watching the golden leaves from a window; a sudden burst of realisation in the middle of the night. I can’t help it and I can’t stop it. I’m alone as I’ve always been and sometimes it hurts…. but I’m learning to breathe deep through it and keep walking. I’m learning to make things nice for myself. To comfort my own heart when I wake up sad. To find small bits of friendship in a crowd full of strangers. To find a small moment of joy in a blue sky, in a trip somewhere not so far away, a long walk an early morning in December, or a handwritten letter to an old friend simply saying ”I thought of you. I hope you’re well.”

No one will come and save you. No one will come riding on a white horse and take all your worries away. You have to save yourself, little by little, day by day. Build yourself a home. Take care of your body. Find something to work on. Something that makes you excited, something you want to learn. Get yourself some books and learn them by heart. Get to know the author, where he grew up, what books he read himself. Take yourself out for dinner. Dress up for no one but you and simply feel nice. it’s a lovely feeling, to feel pretty. You don’t need anyone to confirm it.

I get so god damn lonely and sad and filled with regrets some days, but I’m learning to breathe deep through it and keep walking. I’m learning to make things nice for myself. Slowly building myself a home with things I like. Colors that calm me down, a plan to follow when things get dark, a few people I try to treat right. I don’t sometimes, but it’s my intent to do so. I’m learning.I’m learning to make things nice for myself. I’m learning to save myself.
I’m trying, as I always will.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Everything Changed When I Forgave Myself: growing up is a wonderful thing to do

“October knew, of course, that the action of turning a page, of ending a chapter or of shutting a book, did not end a tale. Having admitted that, he would also avow that happy endings were never difficult to find: "It is simply a matter," he explained to April, "of finding a sunny place in a garden, where the light is golden and the grass is soft; somewhere to rest, to stop reading, and to be content.”
― Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists

“Just handle the books gently and you’ll get along fine.”
― Patrick Rothfuss

“And I despise your books, I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world. It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage. You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe.”
― Anton Chekhov

“I don’t have many friends, not the living, breathing sort at any rate. And I don’t mean that in a sad and lonely way; I’m just not the type of person who accumulates friends or enjoys crowds. I’m good with words, but not spoken kind; I’ve often thought what a marvelous thing it would be if I could only conduct relationships on paper. And I suppose, in a sense, that’s what I do, for I’ve hundreds of the other sort, the friends contained within bindings, pages after glorious pages of ink, stories that unfold the same way every time but never lose their joy, that take me by the hand and lead me through doorways into worlds of great terror and rapturous delight. Exciting, worthy, reliable companions - full of wise counsel, some of them - but sadly ill-equipped to offer the use of a spare bedroom for a month or two.”
― Kate Morton, The Distant Hours

“Nudge threw her arms around my neck. 'I love you Max! I love all of us too!'
Yeah, me too,' Said the Gasman. 'I don't care if we have our house, or a cliff ledge, or a cardboard box. Home is wherever we all are, together.”
― James Patterson

“I cordially dislike allegory in all its manifestations, and always have done so since I grew old and wary enough to detect its presence. I much prefer history – true or feigned– with its varied applicability to the thought and experience of readers. I think that many confuse applicability with allegory, but the one resides in the freedom of the reader, and the other in the purposed domination of the author.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“When I'm really into a novel, I'm seeing the world differently during that time— not just for the hour or so in the day when I get to read. I'm actually walking around in a haze, spellbound by the book and looking at everything through a different prism.”
― Colin Firth

“An active mind didn't need distractions in its physical environment. It needed a collection of outstanding books and a good lamp. Maybe some cheese and crackers.”
― J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound

“Writers are really people who write books not because they are poor, but because they are dissatisfied with the books which they could buy but do not like.”
― Walter Benjamin, Illuminations: Essays and Reflections

“Leisure without books is death, and burial of a man alive.”
― Lucius Annaeus Seneca

“Books, for me, are a home. Books don’t make a home--they are one, in the sense that just as you do with a door, you open a book, and you go inside. Inside there is a different kind of time and a different kind of space.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“(in response to the question: what do you think of e-books and Amazon’s Kindle?)

Those aren’t books. You can’t hold a computer in your hand like you can a book. A computer does not smell. There are two perfumes to a book. If a book is new, it smells great. If a book is old, it smells even better. It smells like ancient Egypt. A book has got to smell. You have to hold it in your hands and pray to it. You put it in your pocket and you walk with it. And it stays with you forever. But the computer doesn’t do that for you. I’m sorry.”
― Ray Bradbury

“People talk about books being an escape, but here on the tube, this one feels more like a lifeline...The motion of the train makes her head rattle, but her eyes lock on the words the way a figure skater might choose a focal point as she spins, and just like that, she's grounded again.”
― Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight

“الأمر الوحيد الذي أندم عليه هو أنه لن يتسنى لي قراءة كل الكتب التي أود قرائتها.”
― فرانسواز ساجان

“Literature is the art of discovering something extraordinary about ordinary people, and saying with ordinary words something extraordinary.”
― Boris Pasternak

“The book smelled dusty and old but also carried a sweet tang, a hint of something inviting. She opened to the first page and started to read, pronouncing the words in a reverent whisper.”
― Shannon Hale

“Bloodthirsty little beasts. Never trust a duck.”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel

“Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them”
― Lemony Snicket, Horseradish

“Reading is reading - no matter what the material.”
― Giovanna Fletcher, Billy and Me

“Too many books. Too few centuries.”
― Jay Kristoff, Nevernight

“Thank you for sending me a copy of your book. I'll waste no time reading it.”
― Moses Hadas

“Quiet people have the loudest minds.”
― Stephen King

“Books are the bees which carry the quickening pollen from one to another mind.”
― James Russell Lowell

“Each book was a world unto itself, and in it I took refuge.”
― Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading

“Just like heaven. Ever’body wants a little piece of lan’. I read plenty of books out here. Nobody never gets to heaven, and nobody gets no land. It’s just in their head. They’re all the time talkin’ about it, but it’s jus’ in their head.”
― John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men

“What an author doesn't know could fill a book.”
― Holly Black, Lucinda's Secret

“Censorship ends in logical completeness when nobody is allowed to read any books except the books that nobody can read."

[As quoted in Literary Censorship in England (in Current Opinion, Vol. 55, No. 5, November 1913)]”
― George Bernard Shaw

“A book is the only place in which you can examine a fragile thought without breaking it, or explore an explosive idea without fear it will go off in your face. It is one of the few havens remaining where a man's mind can get both provocation and privacy.”
― Edward P. Morgan

“The old man was peering intently at the shelves. 'I'll have to admit that he's a very competent scholar.'
Isn't he just a librarian?' Garion asked, 'somebody who looks after books?'
That's where all the rest of scholarship starts, Garion. All the books in the world won't help you if they're just piled up in a heap.”
― David Eddings, King of the Murgos

“Books and doors are the same thing. You open them, and you go through into another world.”
― Jeanette Winterson

“Books are like seeds. They can lie dormant for centuries and then flower in the most unpromising soil.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“I often find that a novel, even a well-written and compelling novel, can become a blur to me soon after I've finished reading it. I recollect perfectly the feeling of reading it, the mood I occupied, but I am less sure about the narrative details. It is almost as if the book were, as Wittgenstein said of his propositions, a ladder to be climbed and then discarded after it has served its purpose.”
― Sven Birkerts, The Gutenberg Elegies: The Fate of Reading in an Electronic Age

“One glance at (a book) and you hear the voice of another person - perhaps someone dead for thousands of years. Across the millenia, the author is speaking, clearly and silently, inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people, citizens of distant epochs, who never knew one another. Books break the shackles of time.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“For a moment I was distracted. Books always did that to me... I liked the creamy pages, the smell of ink, all the secrets locked inside.”
― Elizabeth C. Bunce, StarCrossed

“What art offers is space – a certain breathing room for the spirit.”
― John Updike

“....a good book can teach you about the world and about yourself. You learn more than how to read better; you also learn more about life. You become wiser. Not just more knowledgeable - books that provide nothing but information can produce that result. But wiser, in the sense that you are more deeply aware of the great and enduring truths of human life.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“Books are the most wonderful friends in the world. When you meet them and pick them up, they are always ready to give you a few ideas. When you put them down, they never get mad; when you take them up again, they seem to enrich you all the more.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Life is Worth Living

“Every night, I have to read a book, so that my mind will stop thinking about things that I stress about.”
― Britney Spears

“Some like to believe it's the book that chooses the person.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón

“Just as one spoils the stomach by overfeeding and thereby impairs the whole body, so can one overload and choke the mind by giving it too much nourishment. For the more one reads the fewer are the traces left of what one has read; the mind is like a tablet that has been written over and over. Hence it is impossible to reflect; and it is only by reflection that one can assimilate what one has read. If one reads straight ahead without pondering over it later, what has been read does not take root, but is for the most part lost.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer

“For masterpieces are not single and solitary births; they are the outcome of many years of thinking in common, of thinking by the body of the people, so that the experience of the mass is behind the single voice.”
― Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own

“Have you thought of an ending?"
"Yes, several, and all are dark and unpleasant."
"Oh, that won't do! Books ought to have good endings. How would this do: and they all settled down and lived together happily ever after?"
"It will do well, if it ever came to that."
"Ah! And where will they live? That's what I often wonder.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“Books have a way of finding their way into our lives, usually, right when we need them the most.”
― Richard Denney

“It looked like the sort of book described in library catalogues as 'slightly foxed', although it would be more honest to admit that it looked as though it had been badgered, wolved and possibly beared as well.”
― Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic

“Tis the good reader that makes the good book.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire; I already knew that at the age of seven. The texture of the world is painful, inadequate; unalterable, or so it seems to me. Really, I believe that an entire life spent reading would have suited me best. Such a life has not been granted me...”
― Michel Houellebecq, Whatever

“There are many horrible sights in the multiverse. Somehow, though, to a soul attuned to the subtle rhythms of a library, there are few worse sights than a hole where a book ought to be.”
― Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!

“Books do furnish a room.”
― Anthony Powell, Dance to the Music of Time

“I had found a new friend. The surprising thing is where I’d found him – not up a tree or sulking in the shade, or splashing around in one of the hill streams, but in a book. No one had told us kids to look there for a friend. Or that you could slip inside the skin of another. Or travel to another place with marshes, and where, to our ears, the bad people spoke like pirates. ”
― Lloyd Jones, Mister Pip

“Nobody has the right to not be offended. That right doesn't exist in any declaration I have ever read.

If you are offended it is your problem, and frankly lots of things offend lots of people.

I can walk into a bookshop and point out a number of books that I find very unattractive in what they say. But it doesn't occur to me to burn the bookshop down. If you don't like a book, read another book. If you start reading a book and you decide you don't like it, nobody is telling you to finish it.

To read a 600-page novel and then say that it has deeply offended you: well, you have done a lot of work to be offended.”
― Salman Rushdie

“I pull my foot back again, but Four's hands clamp around my arms, and he pulls me away from her with irresistible force. I breathe through gritted teeth, staring at Molly's blood-covered face, the color deep and rich and beautiful, in a way. She groans, and I hear a gurgling in her throat, watch blood trickle from her lips. "You won," Four mutters. "Stop." I wipe the sweat from my forehead. He stares at me. His eyes too wide; they look alarmed. "I think you should leave," he says. "Take a walk." I'm fine," I say. "I'm fine now," I say again, this time for myself.

I wish I could say I felt guilty for what I did.

I don't.”
― Veronica Roth, Divergent

“I fell in love with books. Some people find beauty in music, some in painting, some in landscape, but I find it in words. By beauty, I mean the feeling you have suddenly glimpsed another world, or looked into a portal that reveals a kind of magic or romance out of which the world has been constructed, a feeling there is something more than the mundane, and a reason for our plodding.”
― Donald Miller, To Own a Dragon: Reflections on Growing Up Without a Father

“If you love books enough, books will love you back.”
― Jo Walton, Among Others

“Reading is merely a surrogate for thinking for yourself; it means letting someone else direct your thoughts. Many books, moreover, serve merely to show how many ways there are of being wrong, and how far astray you yourself would go if you followed their guidance. You should read only when your own thoughts dry up, which will of course happen frequently enough even to the best heads; but to banish your own thoughts so as to take up a book is a sin against the holy ghost; it is like deserting untrammeled nature to look at a herbarium or engravings of landscapes.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms

“I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the more it begins to make sense.”
― Harold Kushner

“To feel most beautifully alive means to be reading something beautiful, ready always to apprehend in the flow of language the sudden flash of poetry.”
― Gaston Bachelard

“Sometimes I sensed that the books I read in rapid succession had set up some sort of murmur among themselves, transforming my head into an orchestra pit where different musical instruments sounded out, and I would realize that I could endure this life because of these musicales going on in my head.”
― Orhan Pamuk, The New Life

“To read is to empower,
To empower is to write,
To write is to influence,
To influence is to change,
To change is to live".”
― Jane Evershed

“Yes, when I get big and have my own home, no plush chairs and lace curtains for me. And no rubber plants. I'll have a desk like this in my parlor and white walls and a clean green blotter every Saturday night and a row of shining yellow pencils always sharpened for writing and a golden-brown bowl with a flower or some leaves or berries always in it and books . . . books . . . books. . . .”
― Betty Smith

“As for fairy tales, he understood that they were reflections of the people who had spun them, and were flecked with little truths - intrusions of reality into fantasy, like toast crumbs on a wizard's beard.”
― Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer

“He liked women with little butts and big tits? Someone had played with one too many barbie dolls as a kid.”
― Kelley Armstrong, Stolen

“I don't know where people got the idea that characters in books are supposed to be likable. Books are not in the business of creating merely likeable characters with whom you can have some simple identification with. Books are in the business of creating great stories that make you're brain go ahhbdgbdmerhbergurhbudgerbudbaaarr.”
― John Green

“On the occasions that he did look up from the page, he would seem as though he were awakening from a dream.”
― Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer

“The library is like a candy store where everything is free.”
― Jamie Ford, Songs of Willow Frost

“Everyone who tells a story tells it differently, just to remind us that everybody sees it differently. Some people say there are true things to be found, some people say all kinds of things can be proved. I don't believe them. The only thing for certain is how complicated it all is, like string full of knots. It's all there but hard to find the beginning and impossible to fathom the end. The best you can do is admire the cat's cradle, and maybe knot it up a bit more.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit

“The books we read should be chosen with great care, that they may be, as an Egyptian king wrote over his library,'The medicines of the soul.”
― Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.

“Maybe Heaven will be a library. Then I will be able to finish my to-read list.”
― Kellie Elmore

“أتعلم لو كنت بقربي الآن ؟
لكنت ضممتك إلي بكل ما أوتيت من عشق وشوق إليك ..
ووضعت رأسي على قلبك الذي لطالما أدمنت هواه حد الثمالة !
وسألتك بوجع هذه الأرض وماحوت :
بربك لمَ أبعدتني عنك ؟”
― نجلاء حسن, طرف غترته

“Professors of literature collect books the way a ship collects barnacles, without seeming effort.”
― Amanda Cross, Death in a Tenured Position

“”
― Neil Gaiman

“As we expand our knowledge of good books, we shrink the circle of men whose company we appreciate.”
― Ludwig Feuerbach

“What I saw next stopped me dead in my tracks. Books. Not just one or two dozen, but hundreds of them. In crates. In piles on the floor. In bookcases that stretched from floor to ceiling and lined the entire room. I turned around and around in a slow circle, feeling as if I'd just stumbled into Ali Baba's cave. I was breathless, close to tears, and positively dizzy with greed.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light

“To sit alone in the lamplight with a book spread out before you and hold intimate converse with men of unseen generations - such is pleasure beyond compare.”
― Yoshida Kenko, Essays in Idleness: The Tsurezuregusa of Kenkō

“An hour spent reading is one stolen from paradise.”
― Thomas Wharton

“Un bon livre, Marcus, est un livre que l’on regrette d’avoir terminé.”
― Joël Dicker, La Vérité sur l'affaire Harry Quebert

“I care more about the people in books than the people I see every day.”
― Jo Walton, Among Others

“Don't you ever mind," she asked suddenly, "not being rich enough to buy all the books you want?”
― Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth

“Censoring books that deal with difficult, adolescent issues does not protect anybody. Quite the opposite. It leaves kids in the darkness and makes them vulnerable. Censorship is the child of fear and the father of ignorance. Our children cannot afford to have the truth of the world withheld from them”
― Laurie Halse Anderson

“A novel is not an allegory.... It is the sensual experience of another world. If you don't enter that world, hold your breath with the characters and become involved in their destiny, you won't be able to empathize, and empathy is at the heart of the novel. This is how you read a novel: you inhale the experience. So start breathing.”
― Azar Nafisi

“And that's why books are never going to die. It's impossible. It's the only time we really go into the mind of a stranger, and we find our common humanity doing this. So the book doesn't only belong to the writer, it belongs to the reader as well, and then together you make it what it is.”
― Paul Auster

“Reading is going toward something that is about to be, and no one yet knows what it will be.”
― Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler

“In the highest civilization, the book is still the highest delight. He who has once known its satisfactions is provided with a resource against calamity.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“A book is as private and consensual as sex.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted

“Books aren't written - they're rewritten. Including your own. It is one of the hardest things to accept, especially after the seventh rewrite hasn't quite done it.”
― Michael Crichton

“I have never been able to resist a book about books.”
― Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader

“It takes a certain ingenuous faith - but I have it - to believe that people who read and reflect more likely than not come to judge things with liberality and truth.”
― A.C. Grayling, The Heart of Things: Applying Philosophy to the 21st Century

“Lovers of print are simply confusing the plate for the food.”
― Douglas Adams

“Get books, sit yourself down anywhere, and go to reading them yourself.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“I plan to learn enough to read you like a book.”
― Sylvia Brownrigg, Pages for You

“...writers are a savage breed, Mr. Strike. If you want life-long friendship and selfless camaraderie, join the army and learn to kill. If you want a lifetime of temporary alliances with peers who will glory in your every failure, write novels.”
― Robert Galbraith, The Silkworm

“There are essentially two things that will make you wise -- the books you read and the people you meet.”
― Jack Canfield

“We can imagine the books we'd like to read, even if they have not yet been written, and we can imagine libraries full of books we would like to possess, even if they are well beyond our reach, because we enjoy dreaming up a library that reflects every one of our interests and every one of our foibles--a library that, in its variety and complexity, fully reflects the reader we are.”
― Alberto Manguel

“No book can ever be finished. While working on it we learn just enough to find it immature the moment we turn away from it”
― Karl Popper

“I think that every reader on earth has a list of cherished books as unique as their fingerprints....I think that, as you age, you tend to gravitate towards the classics, but those aren't the books that give you the same sort of hope for the world that a cherished book does.”
― Douglas Coupland

“I've decided that it's possible to love someone for entirely selfless reasons, for all of their flaws and weaknesses, and still not succeed in having them love you back. It's sad, perhaps, but not tragic, unless you dwell forever in the pursuit of their elusive affections.”
― Cammie McGovern, Say What You Will

“Of all man’s instruments, the most wondrous, no doubt, is the book. The other instruments are extensions of his body. The microscope, the telescope, are extensions of his sight; the telephone is the extension of his voice; then we have the plow and the sword, extensions of the arm. But the book is something else altogether: the book is an extension of memory and imagination.”
― Jorge Luis Borges

“Books didn’t make me wallow in darkness, darkness made me wallow in books.”
― Jackson Pearce

“There are words and words and none mean anything. And then one sentence means everything.”
― Richard Flanagan, The Narrow Road to the Deep North

“Why does everyone think a girl who prefers books to people must be in want of a life?”
― Lauren Morrill, Meant to Be

“I hate books; they only teach us to talk about things we know nothing about.”
― Jean-Jacques Rousseau

“Master those books you have. Read them thoroughly. Bathe in them until they saturate you. Read and reread them…digest them. Let them go into your very self. Peruse a good book several times and make notes and analyses of it. A student will find that his mental constitution is more affected by one book thoroughly mastered than by twenty books he has merely skimmed. Little learning and much pride comes from hasty reading. Some men are disabled from thinking by their putting meditation away for the sake of much reading. In reading let your motto be ‘much not many.”
― Charles H. Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students

“When we are collecting books, we are collecting happiness.”
― Vincent Starrett

“I don't remember ever feeling lonely; in fact, on the rare occasions when I met other children I found their games and their talk far less interesting than the adventures and dialogues I read in my books.”
― Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading

“Buying a book is not about obtaining a possession, but about securing a portal.”
― Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia

“How much sooner one tires of anything than of a book!”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

“People tend to find books when they are ready for them.”
― Neil Gaiman

“The paperback is very interesting but I find it will never replace the hardcover book -- it makes a very poor doorstop.”
― Alfred Hitchcock

“ولو إستطعت أن أعود بعجلة الزمان إلى الوراء ،
لما إخترتك لي عاشقاً !
ولأبقيتك عابراً غريباً يزور مدائني
دون أن يحدث بداخلي أي ضجيج !”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“I listened as the words became sentences and the sentences became pages and the pages became feelings and voices and places and people.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light

“As you read a book word by word and page by page, you participate in its creation, just as a cellist playing a Bach suite participates, note by note, in the creation, the coming-to-be, the existence, of the music. And, as you read and re-read, the book of course participates in the creation of you, your thoughts and feelings, the size and temper of your soul.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin

“A lot of the people who read a bestselling novel, for example, do not read much other fiction. By contrast, the audience for an obscure novel is largely composed of people who read a lot. That means the least popular books are judged by people who have the highest standards, while the most popular are judged by people who literally do not know any better. An American who read just one book this year was disproportionately likely to have read ‘The Lost Symbol’, by Dan Brown. He almost certainly liked it.”
― The Economist

“You could write a book about things that you can't find on-line.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, Linger

“Be as careful of the books you read, as of the company you keep; for your habits and character will be as much influenced by the former as the latter.”
― Paxton Hood

“This is the most important thing about me--I'm a card-carrying reader. All I really want to do is sit and read or lie down and read or eat and read or shit and read. I'm a trained reader. I want a job where I get paid for reading books. And I don't have to make reports on what I read or to apply what I read.”
― Maxine Hong Kingston, Tripmaster Monkey: His Fake Book

“I hate to lend a book I love…it never seems quite the same when it comes back to me…”
― L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Windy Poplars

“Beware you be not swallowed up in books! An ounce of love is worth a pound of knowledge.”
― John Wesley, Letters of John Wesley

“But there is in everything a reasonable division of labour. I have written the book, and nothing on earth would induce me to read it.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“So here is my story, may it bring
Some smiles and a tear or so,
It happened once upon a time,
Far away, and long ago,
Outside the night wind keens and wails,
Come listen to me, the Teller of Tales!”
― Brian Jacques, Lord Brocktree

“I’d volunteer to go to prison, as long as there are books. Because with books I am free.”
― Mohammad Hatta

“What is wonderful about great literature is that it transforms the man who reads it towards the condition of the man who wrote.”
― E. M. Forster, Two Cheers for Democracy

“He ate and drank the precious words,
His spirit grew robust;
He knew no more that he was poor,
Nor that his frame was dust.
He danced along the dingy days,
And this bequest of wings
Was but a book. What liberty
A loosened spirit brings!”
― Emily Dickinson

“You don't spend your life hanging around books without learning a thing or two.”
― Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?

“Any book which inspires us to lead a better life is a good book.”
― Fulton Sheen, The Quotable Fulton Sheen: A Topical Compilation of the Wit, Wisdom, and Satire of Archbishop Fulton J. Sheen

“If you are going to get anywhere in life you have to read a lot of books.”
― Roald Dahl

“Allowing yourself to stop reading a book - at page 25, 50, or even, less frequently, a few chapters from the end - is a rite of passage in a reader's life, the literary equivalent of a bar mitzvah or a communion, the moment at which you look at yourself and announce: Today I am an adult. I can make my own decisions.”
― Sara Nelson, So Many Books, So Little Time: A Year of Passionate Reading

“I can think of few better ways to introduce a child to books than to let her stack them, upend them, rearrange them, and get her fingerprints all over them.”
― Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader

“Was there ever a more horrible blasphemy than the statement that all the knowledge of God is confined to this or that book? How dare men call God infinite, and yet try to compress Him within the covers of a little book!”
― Swami Vivekananda, Raja-Yoga

“We lusty bibliophiles know that reading, unlike just about anything else, is both good for you and loads of fun.”
― Kevin Smokler, Bookmark Now: Writing in Unreaderly Times: A Collection of All Original Essays from Today's (and Tomorrow's) Young Authors on the State of the Art --and the Art of the Hustle--in the Age of Information Overload

“Apa gunanya banyak baca buku
Kalau mulut kau bungkam melulu”
― Wiji Thukul, Aku Ingin Jadi Peluru

“Before he had lost his sight, the maester had loved books as much as Samwell Tarly did. He understood the way that you could sometimes fall right into them, as if each page was a hole into another world.”
― George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows

“What is reading but silent conversation.”
― Walter Savage Landor, Imaginary Conversations

“Do you shovel to survive, or survive to shovel?”
― Kōbō Abe, The Woman in the Dunes

“I'm not really sure what makes a book a 'classic' to begin with, but I think it has to be at least fifty years old and some person or animal has to die at the end.”
― Jeff Kinney

“Authors do not choose a story to write, the story chooses us.”
― Richard Denney

“You've read half the books in this house? This whole house?"
"Well, approximately half." Sticky said. "To be more accurate, I suppose I've read more like" - his eyes went up as he calculated - "three sevenths? Yes, three sevenths."
"Only three sevenths?" said Kate, pretending to look disappointed. "And here I was prepared to be impressed.”
― Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma

“A book is a mirror: if an ape looks into it an apostle is hardly likely to look out.”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg, Sudelbücher.

“The walls of books around him, dense with the past, formed a kind of insulation against the present world and its disasters.”
― Ross McDonald

“Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“She was a ray of sunshine, a warm summer rain, a bright fire on a cold winter’s day, and now she could be dead because she had tried to save the man she loved.”
― Grace Willows

“Do you know why books such as this are so important? Because they have quality. And what does the word quality mean? To me it means texture. This book has pores. It has features. This book can go under the microscope. You’d find life under the glass, streaming past in infinite profusion. The more pores, the more truthfully recorded details of life per square inch you can get on a sheet of paper, the more ‘literary’ you are. That’s my definition anyway. Telling detail. Fresh detail. The good writers touch life often. The mediocre ones run a quick hand over her. The bad ones rape her and leave her for the flies. So now you see why books are hated and feared? They show the pores in the face of life.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“The taste for books was an early one. As a child he was sometimes found at midnight by a page still reading. They took his taper away, and he bred glow-worms to serve his purpose. They took the glow-worms away and he almost burnt the house down with a tinder.”
― Virginia Woolf, Orlando

“For books continue each other, in spite of our habit of judging them separately.”
― Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own and Three Guineas

“There’s nothing as cozy as a piece of candy and a book.”
― Betty MacDonald, Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle's Magic

“I've developed a great reputation for wisdom by ordering more books than I ever had time to read, and reading more books, by far, than I learned anything useful from, except, of course, that some very tedious gentlemen have written books.”
― Marilynne Robinson, Gilead

“Few pleasures, for the true reader, rival the pleasure of browsing unhurriedly among books: old books, new books, library books, other people's books, one's own books - it does not matter whose or where. Simply to be among books, glancing at one here, reading a page from one over there, enjoying them all as objects to be touched, looked at, even smelt, is a deep satisfaction. And often, very often, while browsing haphazardly, looking for nothing in particular, you pick up a volume that suddenly excites you, and you know that this one of all the others you must read. Those are great moments - and the books we come across like that are often the most memorable.”
― Aidan Chambers

“In books I have traveled, not only to other worlds, but into my own. I learned who I was and who I wanted to be, what I might aspire to, and what I might dare to dream about my world and myself. More powerfully and persuasively than from the "shalt nots" of the Ten Commandments, I learned the difference between good and evil, right and wrong. A Wrinkle in Time described that evil, that wrong, existing in a different dimension from our own. But I felt that I, too, existed much of the time in a different dimension from everyone else I knew. There was waking, and there was sleeping. And then there were books, a kind of parallel universe in which anything might happen and frequently did, a universe in which I might be a newcomer but was never really a stranger. My real, true world. My perfect island.”
― Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life

“The books are to remind us what asses and fools we are.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“If anything attacked us, we could just panic at it until it went away.”
― Seanan McGuire, Rosemary and Rue

“I think it is good that books still exist, but they do make me sleepy.”
― Frank Zappa

“Books don't need batteries.”
― Nadine Gordimer

“It is astounding to me, and achingly sad, that with eighty thousand people on the waiting list for donated hearts and livers and kidneys, with sixteen a day dying there on that list, that more then half of the people in the position H's family was in will say no, will choose to burn those organs or let them rot. We abide the surgeon's scalpel to save our own lives, out loved ones' lives, but not to save a stranger's life. H has no heart, but heartless is the last thing you'd call her.”
― Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers

“Some stories have to be written because no one would believe the absurdity of it all.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“To build up a library is to create a life. It's never just a random collection of books.”
― Carlos María Domínguez, The House of Paper

“I think it’s the books that you read when you’re young that live with you forever.”
― J.K. Rowling

“These are all novels, all about people that never existed, the people that read them it makes them unhappy with their own lives. Makes them want to live in other ways they can never really be.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.”
― Joseph Brodsky

“Books wrote our life story, and as they accumulated on our shelves (and on our windowsills, and underneath our sofa, and on top of our refrigerator), they became chapters in it themselves.”
― Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader

“Some say they get lost in books, but I find myself, again and again, in the pages of a good book. Humanly speaking, there is no greater teacher, no greater therapist, no greater healer of the soul, than a well-stocked library.”
― L.R.Knost

“The best of a book is not the thought which it contains, but the thought which it suggests; just as the charm of music dwells not in the tones but in the echoes of our hearts.”
― Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.

“I have all the books I could need, and what more could I need than books?”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Ruled Fairyland - For a Little While

“Teenagers read millions of books every year. They read for entertainment and for education. They read because of school assignments and pop culture fads.

And there are millions of teens who read because they are sad and lonely and enraged. They read because they live in an often-terrible world. They read because they believe despite the callow protestations of certain adults that books-especially the dark and dangerous ones-will save them.
”
― Sherman Alexie

“But maybe they understood more about life than I did. From an early age they knew what little value the world placed in books, and so didn't waste their time with them. Whereas I, even now, persist in believing that these black marks on white paper bear the greatest significance, that if I keep writing, I might be able to catch the rainbow of consciousness in a jar.”
― Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex

“An honest bookstore would post the following sign above its 'self-help' section: 'For true self-help, please visit our philosophy, literature, history and science sections, find yourself a good book, read it, and think about it.”
― Roger Ebert, I Hated, Hated, Hated This Movie

“Books are for nothing but to inspire”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Dismissed like a dog. Damon groped for his jacket behind him, found it, and wished that his groping for his sense of humor could be as successful. The faces around him were all the same. They could have been carved in stone.
But not stone as hard as that that was coming together again around his soul. That rock was remarkably quick to mend—and an extra layer was added, like the layering of a pearl, but not covering anything nearly so pretty.”
― L.J. Smith (The Vampire Diaries: The Return Volume 1: Nightfall)

“Cam starts laughing, "Oh, I love it when she reads." He turns to Lucy who's face is starting to contort and turn to a bright shade of red, "She reads these smutty books, like full on dirty shit, full of sex and like... bdsm shit."
"I'm not joking boys, they're like full on pornographic. Talking about silky shafts and veiny dicks and shit," Logan is now on the ground holding his side from the pain of laughing too hard.
"Sometimes she'll be reading, then all of sudden she'll put her book down and look at me like she wants to eat me, literally eat me!" he yells, laughing harder, still swatting away her hands that are trying to shut him up, "I mean I don't mind it, not at all. It's hot as fuck. And she wants to try everything she reads in these books. Like... everything. She learns everything from these books... so I don't give a shit when, of how much she reads, I get rewards.”
― Jay McLean, More Than This

“All books are either dreams or swords,
You can cut, or you can drug, with words. ”
― Amy Lowell, Selected Poems

“A fool may buy all the books in the world, and they will be in his library; but he will be able to read only those that he deserves to.”
― Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda, 9 Vols.

“Good books make you ask questions. Bad readers want everything answered.”
― Scott Westerfeld

“She turned to look at him, and he was already looking at her. “I’m going to miss you when I wake up,” she whispered, because she realized that she must have fallen asleep under the sun. Arin was too real for her imagination. He was a dream.
“Don’t wake up,” he said.”
― Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime

“It would be inappropiate, undignified, at 38, to conduct friendships or love affairs with the ardour or intensity of a 22 year old. Falling in love like that? Writing poetry? Crying at pop songs? Dragging people into photobooths? Taking a whole day to make a compilation tape? Asking people if they wanted to share your bed, just for company? If you quoted Bob Dylan or TS Eliot or, god forbid, Brecht at someone these days they would smile politely and step quietly backwards, and who would blame them? Ridiculous, at 38, to expect a song or book or film to change your life.”
― David Nicholls, One Day

“Of all the inanimate objects, of all men's creations, books are the nearest to us for they contain our very thoughts, our ambitions, our indignations, our illusions, our fidelity to the truth, and our persistent leanings to error. But most of all they resemble us in their precious hold on life.”
― Joseph Conrad

“A book is more than the sum of its materials. It is an artifact of the human mind and hand.”
― Geraldine Brooks, People of the Book

“My life - my personality, my habits, even my speech - is a combination of the books I choose to read, the people I choose to listen to, and the thoughts I choose to tolerate in my mind”
― Andy Andrews

“All that mankind has done, thought, gained, or been; it is lying as in magic preservation in the pages of books.”
― Thomas Carlyle

“I still remember the day my father took me to the Cemetery of Forgotten Books for the first time.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafon, The Shadow of the Wind

“She did not care very much for other little girls, but if she had plenty of books she could console herself.”
― Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess

“Overall, the library held a hushed exultation, as though the cherished volumes were all singing soundlessly within their covers.”
― Diana Gabaldon, Outlander

“Reading is important.
Books are important.
Librarians are important. (Also, libraries are not child-care facilities, but sometimes feral children raise themselves among the stacks.)”
― Neil Gaiman

“No one knows as well as I how much nonsense is printed in books.”
― Julia Quinn, Romancing Mister Bridgerton

“He wanted to tell her she'd have more room if she'd just get rid of her books, but he supposed that in her case, it would be like telling a mother she'd have more room if she threw out her children.”
― Cynthia Hand, My Lady Jane

“How many cities have revealed themselves to me in the marches I undertook in the pursuit of books!”
― Walter Benjamin, Illuminations: Essays and Reflections

“Books let us into their souls and lay open to us the secrets of our own."

[The Sick Chamber (The New Monthly Magazine , August 1830)]”
― William Hazlitt, Essays of William Hazlitt: Selected and Edited, with Introduction and Notes, by Frank Carr

“I need someone who can be invisible, who can become a ghost. Do you think you can do that?"

I'm already a ghost, she thought. I died in the hold of a slaver ship.
"i think so.”
― Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows

“My books are friends that never fail me."

(Letter to his mother, Margaret A. Carlyle; 17 March 1817)”
― Thomas Carlyle

“Literary detection and firearms don't really go hand in hand; pen mighter than the sword and so forth. ”
― Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair

“Imagination is a gift given to us from God and each one of us use it differently.”
― Brian Jacques

“Any book worth banning is a book worth reading.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Will I have to use a dictionary to read your book?" asked Mrs. Dodypol. "It depends," says I, "how much you used the dictionary before you read it.”
― Alexander Theroux, Darconville’s Cat

“For once the disease of reading has laid upon the system it weakens so that it falls an easy prey to that other scourge which dwells in the ink pot and festers in the quill. The wretch takes to writing. ”
― Virginia Woolf, Orlando

“I do, I’m afraid, understand books far more readily than I understand people. Books are so easy to get along with.”
― Katherine Rundell, Rooftoppers

“It [the book] was spinning a magic spell around her heart, sticky as a spider's web and enchantingly beautiful..”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkheart

“I took the volume to a table, opened its soft, ivory pages... and fell into it as into a pool during dry season.”
― Janet Fitch, White Oleander

“A breeze, a forgotten summer, a smile, all can fit into a storefront window.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“A book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements and clumsy hands. so the librarian protects the books not only against mankind but also against nature and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion.”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“I was thinking, "So, I’m Emperor, am I? What nonsense! But at least I'll be able to make people read my books now.”
― Robert Graves, I, Claudius

“A book has but one voice, but it does not instruct everyone alike.”
― thomas kempis

“The ultimate luxury is to reread: to revisit a book to see how time has treated it, how memory has distorted it, or how my own passing years have cast a new light on it.”
― Michael Upchurch

“I didn't go to bookshops to buy. That's a little bourgeois. I went because they were civilized places. It made me happy there were people who sat down and wrote and wrote and wrote and there were other people who devoted their lives to making those words into books. It was lovely. Like standing in the middle of civilization.”
― Jerry Pinto, Em and The Big Hoom

“لقد غيرت القراءة مجرى حياتي تغييراً جذرياً ولم أكن أهدف من ورائها الى كسب أية شهادات لتحسين مركزي وانما كنت اريد ان احيا فكريا.”
― Malcolm X

“A written word is the choicest of relics. It is something at once more intimate with us and more universal than any other work of art. It is the work of art nearest to life itself. It may be translated into every language, and not only be read but actually breathed from all human lips; -- not be represented on canvas or in marble only, but be carved out of the breath of life itself.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“Some books are so familiar that reading them is like being home again.”
― Louisa May Alcott

“Books are the most tolerant of friends.”
― Richard Paul Evans

“Every reader exists to ensure for a certain book a modest immortality. Reading is, in this sense, a ritual of rebirth.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“What amazes me is that most days feel useless. I don't seem to accomplish anything-just a few pages, most of which don't seem very good. Yet, when I put all those wasted days together, I somehow end up with a book of which I'm very proud.”
― Louis Sachar

“To prohibit the reading of certain books is to declare the inhabitants to be either fools or slaves.”
― Claude Adrien Helvetius

“One of the disadvantages of almost universal education was the fact that all kinds of persons acquired a familiarity with one's favorite writers. It gave one a curious feeling; it was like seeing a drunken stranger wrapped in one's dressing gown.”
― Stella Gibbons, Cold Comfort Farm

“Ultimately, the number of books always exceeds the space they are granted.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“Stranger, pause and look;
From the dust of ages
Lift this little book,
Turn the tattered pages,
Read me, do not let me die!
Search the fading letters finding
Steadfast in the broken binding
All that once was I!”
― Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems

“Should it matter what genre it is if the book is good?”
― Colleen Hoover, Hopeless

“Books--oh! no. I am sure we never read the same, or not with the same
feelings."

"I am sorry you think so; but if that be the case, there can at least be
no want of subject. We may compare our different opinions.”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

“Silver knives! Painful and sometimes deadly to all paranormals!'
'Tasey!' I counterd 'Hot pink and sparkly!”
― Kiersten White

“Associate with the noblest people you can find; read the best books; live with the mighty; but learn to be happy alone.”
― Saul Bellow, Ravelstein

“Few people ask from books what books can give us. Most commonly we come to books with blurred and divided minds, asking of fiction that it shall be true, of poetry that it shall be false, of biography that it shall be flattering, of history that it shall enforce our own prejudices. If we could banish all such preconceptions when we read, that would be an admirable beginning.”
― Virginia Woolf, The Second Common Reader

“It is really hard to be lonely very long in a world of words. Even if you don't have friends somewhere, you still have language, and it will find you and wrap its little syllables around you and suddenly there will be a story to live in.”
― Naomi Shihab Nye, I'll Ask You Three Times, Are You OK?: Tales of Driving and Being Driven

“That's what I do. Watch movies and read. Sometimes I even pretend to write, but I'm not fooling anyone. Oh, and I go to the mailbox.”
― Nicole Krauss, The History of Love

“One little Indian left all alone, he went out and hanged himself and then there were none.”
― Agatha Christie, And Then There Were None

“من هرگز در حسرت بال پرندگان نخواهم بود. جذبه های جانم، از کتابی به کتاب دیگر و از صفحه ای به صفحه ی دیگر مرا به جاهای بسیار دورتر می برند.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust

“She read books as one would breathe air, to fill up and live. She read books as one would breathe ether, to sink in and die.”
― Annie Dillard, The Living

“Hold a book in your hand and you're a pilgrim at the gates of a new city.”
― Anne Michaels, Fugitive Pieces

“And when I was young, did I ever tell you, I always wanted to get inside
a book and never come out again? I loved reading so much I wanted
to be a part of it, and there were some books I could have stayed in
for ever.”
― Peter Ackroyd, First Light

“The library was a little old shabby place. Francie thought it was beautiful. The feeling she had about it was as good as the feeling she had about church. She pushed open the door and went in. She liked the combined smell of worn leather bindings, library past and freshly inked stamping pads better than she liked the smell of burning incense at high mass.”
― Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn

“A book series is never truly over. The story lives on, even when the final page has been turned.”
― Richard Denney

“What I will be remembered for are the Foundation Trilogy and the Three Laws of Robotics. What I want to be remembered for is no one book, or no dozen books. Any single thing I have written can be paralleled or even surpassed by something someone else has done. However, my total corpus for quantity, quality and variety can be duplicated by no one else. That is what I want to be remembered for.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Mother used to say escape is never further than the nearest book.”
― David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas

“Now, 75 years [after To Kill a Mockingbird], in an abundant society where people have laptops, cell phones, iPods, and minds like empty rooms, I still plod along with books.

[Open Letter, O Magazine, July 2006]”
― Harper Lee

“Still. Four words.

And I didn’t realize it until a couple of days ago, when someone wrote in to my blog:

Dear Neil,

If you could choose a quote - either by you or another author - to be inscribed on the wall of a public library children’s area, what would it be?

Thanks!

Lynn

I pondered a bit. I’d said a lot about books and kids’ reading over the years, and other people had said things pithier and wiser than I ever could. And then it hit me, and this is what I wrote:

I’m not sure I’d put a quote up, if it was me, and I had a library wall to deface. I think I’d just remind people of the power of stories, and why they exist in the first place. I’d put up the four words that anyone telling a story wants to hear. The ones that show that it’s working, and that pages will be turned:

“… and then w”
― Neil Gaiman, Stories: All-New Tales

“In a few minutes I heard the books' voices: a low, steady, unsupressible hum. I'd heard it many times before. I've always had a finely tuned ear for a library's accumulations of echo and desire. Libraries are anything but hushed.”
― Martha Cooley, The Archivist

“In fiction, I searched for my favorite authors, women I have trusted to reassure me than not all teenage guys are total ditwads, that the archetype of the noble cute hero who devotes himself to the girl he loves has not gone the way of the rotary phone. That all I had to do was be myself (smart, hardworking, funny) and be patient and kind and he and I would find each other.

As Bea would say, this why they call it fiction.”
― Sarah Strohmeyer, Smart Girls Get What They Want

“For the survivor who chooses to testify, it is clear: his duty is to bear witness for the dead and for the living. He has no right to deprive future generations of a past that belongs to our collective memory. To forget would be not only dangerous but offensive; to forget the dead would be akin to killing them a second time.”
― Elie Wiesel, Night

“Remember, the past need not become our future as well.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Elantris

“To live is to have worries and uncertainties. Keep them inside, and they will destroy you for certain--leaving behind a person so callused that emotion can find no root in his heart.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Elantris

“You can never, never have too many books”
― Drew Barrymore

“When we read, we decide when, where, how long, and about what. One of the few places on earth that it is still possible to experience an instant sense of freedom and privacy is anywhere you open up a good book and begin to read. When we read silently, we are alone with our own thoughts and one other voice. We can take our time, consider, evaluate, and digest what we read—with no commercial interruptions, no emotional music or special effects manipulation. And in spite of the advances in electronic information exchange, the book is still the most important medium for presenting ideas of substance and value, still the only real home of literature.”
― Andrew Clements

“The only advice, indeed, that one person can give another about reading is to take no advice, to follow your own instincts, to use your own reason, to come to your own conclusions. If this is agreed between us, then I feel at liberty to put forward a few ideas and suggestions because you will not allow them to fetter that independence which is the most important quality that a reader can possess. After all, what laws can be laid down about books? The battle of Waterloo was certainly fought on a certain day; but is Hamlet a better play than Lear? Nobody can say. Each must decide that question for himself. To admit authorities, however heavily furred and gowned, into our libraries and let them tell us how to read, what to read, what value to place upon what we read, is to destroy the spirit of freedom which is the breath of those sanctuaries. Everywhere else we may be bound by laws and conventions-there we have none.”
― Virginia Woolf, The Second Common Reader

“The other night we talked about literature's elimination of the unessential, so that we are given a concentrated "dose" of life. I said, almost indignantly, "That's the danger of it, it prepares you to live, but at the same time, it exposes you to disappointments because it gives a heightened concept of living, it leaves out the dull or stagnant moments. You, in your books, also have a heightened rhythm, and a sequence of events so packed with excitement that I expected all your life to be delirious, intoxicated."
Literature is an exaggeration, a dramatization, and those who are nourished on it (as I was) are in great danger of trying to approximate an impossible rhythm. Trying to live up to Dostoevskian scenes every day. And between writers there is a straining after extravagance. We incite each other to jazz-up our rhythm.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934

“Yet if women are so flighty, fickle, changeable, susceptible, and inconstant (as some clerks would have us believe), why is it that their suitors have to resort to such trickery to have their way with them? And why don't women quickly succumb to them, without the need for all this skill and ingenuity in conquering them? For there is no need to go to war for a castle that is already captured. (...)

Therefore, since it is necessary to call on such skill, ingenuity, and effort in order to seduce a woman, whether of high or humble birth, the logical conclusion to draw is that women are by no means as fickle as some men claim, or as easily influenced in their behaviour. And if anyone tells me that books are full of women like these, it is this very reply, frequently given, which causes me to complain. My response is that women did not write these books nor include the material which attacks them and their morals. Those who plead their cause in the absence of an opponent can invent to their heart's content, can pontificate without taking into account the opposite point of view and keep the best arguments for themselves, for aggressors are always quick to attack those who have no means of defence. But if women had written these books, I know full well the subject would have been handled differently. They know that they stand wrongfully accused, and that the cake has not been divided up equally, for the strongest take the lion's share, and the one who does the sharing out keeps the biggest portion for himself.”
― Christine de Pizan, Der Sendbrief vom Liebesgott / The Letter of the God of Love

“He wasn't an alchemist, or a hero. He was a librarian, and a dreamer. He was a reader, and the unsung expert on a long-lost city no one cared a thing about.”
― Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer

“All of us can think of a book... that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf - that work I abhor - then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.”
― Katherine Paterson

“I wanted a library like this...[] A cave of words that I'd made myself.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, Forever

“I wrote a book. It sucked. I wrote nine more books. They sucked, too. Meanwhile, I read every single thing I could find on publishing and writing, went to conferences, joined professional organizations, hooked up with fellow writers in critique groups, and didn’t give up. Then I wrote one more book.”
― Beth Revis

“The buying of more books than one can read is nothing less than the soul reaching toward infinity...”
― A. Edward Newton

“Second-hand books are wild books, homeless books; they have come together in vast flocks of variegated feather, and have a charm which the domesticated volumes of the library lack. Besides, in this random miscellaneous company we may rub against some complete stranger who will, with luck, turn into the best friend we have in the world.”
― Virginia Woolf, Street Haunting

“Sidda can't help herself. She just loves books. Loves the way they feel, the way they smell, loves the black letters marching across the white pages...”
― Rebecca Wells, Little Altars Everywhere

“The library in summer is the most wonderful thing because there you get books on any subject and read them each for only as long as they hold your interest, abandoning any that don't, halfway or a quarter of the way through if you like, and store up all that knowledge in the happy corners of your mind for your own self and not to show off how much you know or spit it back at your teacher on a test paper.”
― Polly Horvath, My One Hundred Adventures

“I remember the hours I had spent in Father's library, drugging myself with books so I could forget my doom for an hour..”
― Rosamund Hodge, Cruel Beauty

“A war of ideas can no more be won without books than a naval war can be won without ships. Books, like ships, have the toughest armor, the longest cruising range, and mount the most powerful guns.”
― Franklin Delano Roosevelt

“There are books, that one has for twenty years without reading them, that one always keeps at hand, that one takes along from city to city, from country to country, carefully packed, even when there is very little room, and perhaps one leafs through them while removing them from a trunk; yet one carefully refrains from reading even a complete sentence. Then after twenty years, there comes a moment when suddenly, as though under a high compulsion, one cannot help taking in such a book from beginning to end, at one sitting: it is like a revelation. Now one knows why one made such a fuss about it. It had to be with one for a long time; it had to travel; it had to occupy space; it had to be a burden; and now it has reached the goal of its voyage, now it reveals itself, now it illuminates the twenty bygone years it mutely lived with one. It could not say so much if it had not been there mutely the whole time, and what idiot would dare to assert that the same things had always been in it.”
― Elias Canetti, The Human Province

“I like to imagine that, on the day after my last, my library and I will crumble together, so that even when I am no more I'll still be with my books.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“The flesh is sad, alas, and I have read all the books.”
― Stéphane Mallarme

“Men, I thought, were more trouble than they were worth. Really, one should stick to books where one sees the hero coming a mile off.”
― Eva Rice, The Lost Art of Keeping Secrets

“I think of my pile of old paperbacks, their pages gone wobbly, like they'd once belonged to the sea.”
― Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go

“I see all of us reading ourselves away from ourselves,
straining in circles of light to find more light
until the line of words becomes a trail of crumbs
that we follow across a page of fresh snow”
― Billy Collins, Sailing Alone Around the Room: New and Selected Poems

“The prefect evening...lying down on the couch beside the bookcase and reading himself sleepy...Jim lying opposite him at the other end of the couch, also reading; the two of them absorbed in their books yet so completely aware of each other's presence.”
― Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man

“The truly cultured are capable of owning thousands of unread books without losing their composure or their desire for more.”
― Gabriel Zaid, So Many Books: Reading and Publishing in an Age of Abundance

“My fingers positively itched to drift at length along their spines, to arrive at one whose lure I could not pass, to pluck it down, to inch it open, then to close my eyes and inhale the soul-sparking scent of old and literate dust.”
― Kate Morton, The Distant Hours

“The more I read, the more I felt connected across time to other lives and deeper sympathies. I felt less isolated. I wasn’t floating on my little raft in the present; there were bridges that led over to solid ground. Yes, the past is another country, but one that we can visit, and once there we can bring back the things we need.

Literature is common ground. It is ground not managed wholly by commercial interests, nor can it be strip-mined like popular culture—exploit the new thing then move on.

There’s a lot of talk about the tame world versus the wild world. It is not only a wild nature that we need as human beings; it is the untamed open space of our imaginations.

Reading is where the wild things are.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“Among the many worlds which man did not receive as a gift of nature, but which he created with his own mind, the world of books is the greatest. Every child, scrawling his first letters on his slate and attempting to read for the first time, in so doing, enters an artificial and complicated world; to know the laws and rules of this world completely and to practice them perfectly, no single human life is long enough. Without words, without writing, and without books there would be no history, there could be no concept of humanity. And if anyone wants to try to enclose in a small space in a single house or single room, the history of the human spirit and to make it his own, he can only do this in the form of a collection of books.”
― Hermann Hesse, My Belief

“I love that books allow us to experience other lives without us ever having to change where we live or who we are.”
― Cat Winters, The Cure for Dreaming

“The world is dark, and light is precious.
Come closer, dear reader.
You must trust me.
I am telling you a story.”
― Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux

“Books were a safe place, a world apart from my own. No matter what had happened that day, that year, there was always a story in which someone overcame their darkest hour. I wasn't alone.”
― Kiera Cass, The Siren

“The greatest gift is the passion for reading.
It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites,
it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind.
It is a moral illumination.”
― Elizabeth Hardwick

“When you are old and grey and full of sleep
And nodding by the fire, take down this book,
And slowly read, and dream of the soft look
Your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep”
― W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats

“I think books are like people, in the sense that they'll turn up in your life when you most need them.”
― Emma Thompson

“The book thief has struck for the first time – the beginning of an illustrious career.”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“We love to buy books because we believe we're buying the time to read them.

[Inside Out (VH1)]”
― Warren Zevon

“In my fool hardy youth, when my friends were dreaming of heroic deeds in the realms of engineering and law, finance and national politics, I dreamt of becoming a librarian. ”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“Nothing was truly unbearable if you had something to read.”
― Jincy Willett, The Writing Class

“Books are love letters (or apologies) passed between us, adding a layer of conversation beyond our spoken words.”
― Donalyn Miller, The Book Whisperer: Awakening the Inner Reader in Every Child

“When I was a child, books were everything. And so there is in me, always, a nostalgic, yearning for the lost pleasure of books. It is not a yearning that one ever expects to be fulfilled.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“Do you understand now why books are hated and feared? Because they reveal the pores on the face of life. The comfortable people want only the faces of the full moon, wax, faces without pores, hairless, expressionless.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Books are like friends to me. Words come alive on the page.”
― Beverly Lewis The Betrayal

“At the end of the day your ability to connect with your readers comes down to how you make them feel.”
― Benjamin J. Carey, Barefoot in November

“Well, right now I'm not dead. But when I am, it's like...I don't know, I guess it's like being inside a book that nobody's reading. [...] An old one. It's up on a library shelf, so you're safe and everything, but the book hasn't been checked out for a long, long time. All you can do is wait. Just hope somebody'll pick it up and start reading.”
― Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried

“...and Jo laid the rustling sheets together with a careful hand, as one might shut the covers of a lovely romance, which holds the reader fast till the end comes, and he finds himself alone in the work-a-day world again.”
― Louisa May Alcott, Little Women

“Literature, real literature, must not be gulped down like some potion which may be good for the heart or good for the brain — the brain, that stomach of the soul. Literature must be taken and broken to bits, pulled apart, squashed — then its lovely reek will be smelt in the hollow of the palm, it will be munched and rolled upon the tongue with relish; then, and only then, its rare flavor will be appreciated at its true worth and the broken and crushed parts will again come together in your mind and disclose the beauty of a unity to which you have contributed something of your own blood.”
― Vladimir Nabokov, Lectures on Russian Literature

“Without story books is like a person with no soul.”
― Stephen King

“when I die, do not waste a minute mouring me. I may go, but I will leave behind all my thousand & one lives — a bookmad girl never dies.”
― Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in This One

“We are what we love to read, and when we admit to loving a book, we admit that the book represents some aspect of ourselves truly, whether it is that we are suckers for romance or pining for adventure or secretly fascinated by crime.”
― Nina Sankovitch, Tolstoy and the Purple Chair: My Year of Magical Reading

“There is only one genre in fiction, the genre is called book.”
― Matt Haig, The Humans

“I long ago abandoned myself to a blind lust for the written word. Literature is my sandbox. In it I play, build my forts and castles, spend glorious time.”
― Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman

“You will find most books worth reading are worth reading twice.”
― John Morley

“A book is a physical object in a world of physical objects. It is a set of dead symbols. And then the right reader comes along, and the words—or rather the poetry behind the words, for the words themselves are mere symbols—spring to life, and we have a resurrection of the word.”
― Jorge Luis Borges

“Sempre gostei de procurar livros, não quero saber onde estão, basta-me saber que existem.”
― José Luís Peixoto, Livro

“[B]riefing is not reading. In fact it is the antithesis of reading. Briefing is terse, factual and to the point. Reading is untidy, discursive and perpetually inviting. Briefing closes down a subject, reading opens it up.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“Tell me I didn't imagine it, Leo. Tell me that even though our bodies were in seperate states, our star selves shared an enchanted place. Tell me that right around noon today (eastern time) you had the strangest sensation: a tiny chill on your shoulder...a flutter in the heart...a shadow of strawberry-banana crossing your tongue...tell me you whispered my name.”
― Jerry Spinelli

“Books tell you more about their owners than the owners do.”
― A.M. Homes

“It's much more entertaining to live books than to write them.”
― Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs

“I am the girl who spends hours huddled in a corner of a library, trying to find what you love the most about Marlowe, just so I can write you a poem worthy of Shakespeare. I've made books my lovers, hours my enemies and you the only story.”
― Nikita Gill, Your Body is an Ocean: Love and Other Experiments

“It had filled my time - given me quiet, steadfast company with those characters, who did not exist and never would, but somehow made me feel less ... alone.”
― Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury

“Literature can remind us that not all life is already written down: there are still so many stories to be told.”
― Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin

“I should rather have you than a heap of gold, even if it were very comfortable to sleep on.”
― Naomi Novik, His Majesty's Dragon

“His library was a fine dark place bricked with books, so anything could happen there and always did. All you had to do was pull a book from the shelf and open it and suddenly the darkness was not so dark anymore.”
― Ray Bradbury, Farewell Summer

“I could recognise his soul in mine as much as he could find me in his. Our sole existences seemed to have been for this very moment when nothing else mattered.”
― X. Williamson, Distract My Hunger

“Reading made Don Quixote a gentleman. Believing what he read made him mad.”
― George Bernard Shaw

“Books can ignite fires in your mind, because they carry ideas for kindling, and art for matches.”
― Gary D. Schmidt, Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy

“Read not to contradict and confute, nor to believe and take for granted ...but to weigh and consider.”
― Francis Bacon

“All good books are about everything, abbreviated.”
― Andrew Smith, Grasshopper Jungle

“If books are not good company, where shall I find it?”
― Mark Twain

“My grandfather says that's what books are for," Ashoke said, using the opportunity to open the volume in his hands. "To travel without moving an inch.”
― Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake

“Books have the power to create, destroy or change civilizations.”
― Zaman Ali, HUMANITY Understanding Reality and Inquiring Good

“Sometimes they would sit in the parlor together, both reading – in entirely separate worlds, to be sure, but joined somehow. When this happened, other people in the family couldn't bring themselves to disturb them. All that could be heard in the parlor was the sound of pages, turning.”
― Alice Hoffman, Blackbird House

“Everyone creates realities based on their own personal beliefs. These beliefs are so powerful that they can create [expansive or entrapping] realities over and over.~Kuan Yin”
― Hope Bradford, Beneficial Law of Attraction: The Manifestation Teachings

“Hard-covered books break up friendships. You loan a hard covered book to a friend and when he doesn’t return it you get mad at him. It makes you mean and petty. But twenty-five cent books are different.”
― John Steinbeck

“So many FREAKS and not enough CIRCUSES!”
― Rachel Renée Russel, Nikkis (nicht ganz so) fabelhafte Welt

“But the not-very-highbrow truth of the matter was that the reading was how I got my ya-yas out.

For the sake of my bookish reputation I upgraded to Tolstoy and Steinbeck before I understood them, but my dark secret was that really, I preferred the junk. The Dragonriders of Pern, Flowers in the Attic, The Clan of the Cave Bear. This stuff was like my stash of Playboys under the mattress.”
― Julie Powell, Julie and Julia: 365 Days, 524 Recipes, 1 Tiny Apartment Kitchen

“The worth of a book is to be measured by what you can carry away from it”
― James Bryce

“Who wants to be used? I love to read, so books are my main friends. They're always available, always friendly, and always interesting, and they never make me choose sides.”
― Lurlene McDaniel

“Uno se hace lector para completar lo inacabado. Para completarse”
― Antonio Santa Ana, Los ojos del perro siberiano

“... just as food is necessary to the life of the body, so good reading is necessary to the life of the soul.”
― Pope John XXIII

“When the voice of your friend or the page of your book sinks into democratic equality with the pattern of the wallpaper, the feel of your clothes, your memory of last night, and the noises from the road, you are falling asleep. The highly selective consciousness enjoyed by fully alert men, with all its builded sentiments and consecrated ideals, has as much to be called real as the drowsy chaos, and more.”
― C.S. Lewis

“It is time to float on the waters of the night.
Time to wrap my arms around this book
and press it to my chest, life preserver
in a sea of unremarkable men and women,
anonymous faces on the street,
a hundred thousand unalphabetized things,
a million forgotten hours.”
― Billy Collins, Picnic, Lightning

“I love bookshelves, and stacks of books, spines, typography, and the feel of pages between my fingertips. I love bookmarks, and old bindings, and stars in margins next to beautiful passages. I love exuberant underlinings that recall to me a swoon of language-love from a long-ago reading, something I hoped to remember. I love book plates, and inscriptions in gifts from loved ones, I love author signatures, and I love books sitting around reminding me of them, being present in my life, being. I love books. Not just for what they contain. I love them as objects too, as ever-present reminders of what they contain, and because they are beautiful. They are one of my favorite things in life, really at the tiptop of the list, easily my favorite inanimate things in existence, and ... I am just not cottoning on to this idea of making them ... not exist anymore. Making them cease to take up space in the world, in my life? No, please do not take away the physical reality of my books.”
― Laini Taylor

“Responding to a moderator at the Sydney Writers Festival in 2008 (video), about the Spanish words in his book:

When all of us are communicating and talking when we’re out in the world, we’ll be lucky if we can understand 20 percent of what people say to us. A whole range of clues, of words, of languages escape us. I mean we’re not perfect, we’re not gods. But on top of that people mis-speak, sometimes you mis-hear, sometimes you don’t have attention, sometimes people use words you don’t know. Sometimes people use languages you don’t know. On a daily basis, human beings are very comfortable with a large component of communication, which is incomprehensibility, incomprehension. We tend to be comfortable with it. But for an immigrant, it becomes very different. What most of us consider normative comprehension an immigrant fears that they’re not getting it because of their lack of mastery in the language.

And what’s a normal component in communication, incomprehension, in some ways for an immigrant becomes a source of deep anxiety because you’re not sure if it’s just incomprehension or your own failures. My sense of writing a book where there is an enormous amount of language that perhaps everyone doesn’t have access to was less to communicate the experience of the immigrant than to communicate the experience that for an immigrant causes much discomfort but that is normative for people. which is that we tend to not understand, not grasp a large part of the language around us. What’s funny is, will Ramona accept incomprehension in our everyday lives and will greet that in a book with enormous fury. In other words what we’re comfortable with out in the outside world, we do not want to encounter in our books.

So I’m constantly, people have come to me and asked me… is this, are you trying to lock out your non-Dominican reader, you know? And I’m like, no? I assume any gaps in a story and words people don’t understand, whether it’s the nerdish stuff, whether it’s the Elvish, whether it’s the character going on about Dungeons and Dragons, whether it’s the Dominican Spanish, whether it’s the sort of high level graduate language, I assume if people don’t get it that this is not an attempt for the writer to be aggressive. This is an attempt for the writer to encourage the reader to build community, to go out and ask somebody else. For me, words that you can’t understand in a book aren’t there to torture or remind people that they don’t know. I always felt they were to remind people that part of the experience of reading has always been collective. You learn to read with someone else. Yeah you may currently practice it in a solitary fashion, but reading is a collective enterprise. And what the unintelligible in a book does is to remind you how our whole, lives we’ve always needed someone else to help us with reading.”
― Junot Diaz

“That's one of the amazing things great books like this do - they don't just get you to see the world differently, they get you to look at people, the people all around you, differently.”
― Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club

“Knowing I lov'd my books, he furnish'd me From mine own library with volumes that I prize above my dukedom.”
― William Shakespeare

“Oh for a book and a shady nook,
Either indoors or out,
with the green leaves whispering overhead,
or the street cries all about.
Where I may read at all my ease
both of the new and old,
For a jolly good book whereon to look
is better to me than gold”
― John Wilson

“To tell you the truth, I used to consider it a disgrace to be found ignorant by other people. But now, I find that I am not ashamed of knowing less than others, and I'm less inclined to force myself to read books. In short, I have grown old and decrepit.”
― Natsume Soseki, Kokoro

“As I walked in the dark through the tunnels and tunnels of books, I could not help being overcome by a sense of sadness. I couldn't help thinking that if I, by pure chance, had found a whole universe in a single unknown book, buried in that endless necropolis, tens of thousands more would remain unexplored, forgotten forever. I felt myself surrounded by millions of abandoned pages, by worlds and souls without an owner sinking in an ocean of darkness, while the world that throbbed outside the library seemed to be losing its memory, day after day, unknowingly, feeling all the wiser the more it forgot.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“Right now, we're living in an ugly chapter of our lives, but books always get better!”
― Chris Colfer, The Wishing Spell

“Only the nonreader fears books. ”
― Richard Peck

“Reading is my passion and my escape since I was 5 years old. Overall, children don't realize the magic that can live inside their own heads. Better even then any movie.”
― Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment

“Books, books, books!
I had found the secret of a garret room
Piled high with cases in my father’s name;
Piled high, packed large,--where, creeping in and out
Among the giant fossils of my past,
Like some small nimble mouse between the ribs
Of a mastodon, I nibbled here and there
At this or that box, pulling through the gap,
In heats of terror, haste, victorious joy,
The first book first. And how I felt it beat
Under my pillow, in the morning’s dark,
An hour before the sun would let me read!
My books!”
― Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Aurora Leigh

“If you have read 6,000 books in your lifetime, or even 600, it's probably because at some level you find 'reality' a bit of a disappointment.”
― Joe Queenan, One for the Books

“it is nice that nobody writes as they talk and that the printed language is different from the spoken otherwise you could not lose yourself in books and of course you do you completely do.”
― gertrude stein

“This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum.”
― Elbert Hubbard

“These are not books, lumps of lifeless paper, but minds alive on the shelves. From each of them goes out its own voice... and just as the touch of a button on our set will fill the room with music, so by taking down one of these volumes and opening it, one can call into range the voice of a man far distant in time and space, and hear him speaking to us, mind to mind, heart to heart.”
― Gilbert Highet, The Immortal Profession

“With one day's reading a man may have the key in his hands.”
― Ezra Pound

“Before she came ill, David's mother would often tell him that stories were alive. They weren't alive in the way that people were alive, or even dogs or cats. (...) Stories were different, though: they came alive in the telling. Without a human voice to read them aloud, or a pair of wide eyes following them by torch light beneath a blanket, they had no real existence in our world. (...) They lay dormant, hoping for the chance to emerge. Once someone started to read them, they could begin to change. They could take root in the imagination and transform the reader. Stories wanted to be read, David's mother would whisper. They needed it. It was the reason they forced themselves from their world into ours. They wanted us to give them life.”
― John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things

“Well, I don't like the first bit and I don't know the last bit. So I'm really hoping the middle bit is exceptional.”
― Eoin Colfer

“I know many books which have bored their readers, but I know of none which has done real evil.”
― Voltaire

“I wanted to know what it was like to be a drug addict, and have an eating disorder, and have a loved one die, and fall in love. I saw my friends going through these things, I saw the world going through these things, and I needed to understand them. I needed to make sense of them. Books didn’t make me wallow in darkness, darkness made me wallow in books, and it was books that showed me there is light at the end of the tunnel.”
― Jackson Pearce

“Being a writer is a good, good thing.”
― Shannon Hale

“We are absurdly accustomed to the miracle of a few written signs being able to contain immortal imagery, involutions of thought, new worlds with live people, speaking, weeping, laughing. We take it for granted so simply that in a sense, by the very act of brutish routine acceptance, we undo the work of the ages, the history of the gradual elaboration of poetical description and construction, from the treeman to Browning, from the caveman to Keats. What if we awake one day, all of us, and find ourselves utterly unable to read? I wish you to gasp not only at what you read but at the miracle of its being readable.”
― Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire

“Fantasy is silver and scarlet, indigo and azure, obsidian veined with gold and lapis lazuli. Reality is plywood and plastic, done up in mud brown and olive drab. Fantasy tastes of habaneros and honey, cinnamon and cloves, rare red meat and wines as sweet as summer. Reality is beans and tofu, and ashes at the end.”
― George R.R. Martin

“Yo soy carne muerta. Translation: I am dead meat.”
― Kiersten White, Paranormalcy

“if a book isn't self-explanatory, then it isn't worth reading.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Zahir

“I go to books and to nature as the bee goes to a flower, for a nectar that I can make into my own honey.”
― John Burroughs, The Summit of the Years

“My books hold between their covers every story I've ever known and still remember, or have now forgotten, or may one day read; they fill the space around me with ancient and new voices.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“There are adventures of the spirit and one can travel in books and interest oneself in people and affairs. One need never be dull as long as one has friends to help, gardens to enjoy and books in the long winter evenings.”
― D. E. Stevenson, Listening Valley

“It is a most wonderful comfort to sit alone beneath a lamp, book spread before you, and commune with someone from the past whom you have never met.”
― Yoshida Kenkō, A Cup of Sake Beneath the Cherry Trees

“The object we call a book is not the real book, but its potential, like a musical score or seed. It exists fully only in the act of being read; and its real home is inside the head of the reader, where the symphony resounds, the seed germinates. A book is a heart that only beats in the chest of another.”
― Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby

“I sat, a solitary man,
In a crowded London shop,
An open book and empty cup
On the marble table-top.
While on the shop and street I gazed
My body of a sudden blazed;
And twenty minutes more or less
It seemed, so great my happiness,
That I was blessed and could bless.”
― W.B. Yeats, The Winding Stair and Other Poems

“Endings to be useful must be inconclusive.”
― Samuel R. Delaney

“The room is warm and smells like dust, and just the presence of so many books makes it easier to breathe. It’s remarkable how being around books, even those you’ve never read, can have a calming effect, like walking into a crowded party and finding it full of people you know.”
― Mackenzi Lee, The Lady's Guide to Petticoats and Piracy

“Books are the compasses and telescopes and sextants and charts which other men have prepared to help us navigate the dangerous seas of human life.”
― Jesse Lee Bennett

“Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.”
― Sir Richard Steele

“The contents of someone's bookcase are part of his history, like an ancestral portrait."

(About Books; Recoiling, Rereading, Retelling, New York Times, February 22, 1987)”
― Anatole Broyard

“I think that pretty much every form of fiction (I’d include fantasy, obviously) can actually be a real escape from places where you feel bad, and from bad places. It can be a safe place you go, like going on holiday, and it can be somewhere that, while you’ve escaped, actually teaches you things you need to know when you go back, that gives you knowledge and armour and tools to change the bad place you were in.

So no, they’re not escapist. They’re escape.”
― Neil Gaiman

“I never desire to converse with a man who has written more than he has read.”
― Samuel Johnson, Johnsonian Miscellanies - Vol II

“You read a book for the story, for each of its words," Gordy said, "and you draw your cartoons for the story, for each of the words and images. And, yeah, you need to take that seriously, but you should also read and draw because really good books and cartoons give you a boner."

I was shocked:

"Did you just say books should give me a boner?"

"Yes, I did."

"Are you serious?"

"Yeah... don't you get excited about books?"

"I don't think that you're supposed to get THAT excited about books."

"You should get a boner! You have to get a boner!" Gordy shouted. "Come on!"

We ran into the Reardan High School Library.

"Look at all these books," he said.

"There aren't that many," I said. It was a small library in a small high school in a small town.

"There are three thousand four hundred and twelve books here," Gordy said. "I know that because I counted them."

"Okay, now you're officially a freak," I said.

"Yes, it's a small library. It's a tiny one. But if you read one of these books a day, it would still take you almost ten years to finish."

"What's your point?"

"The world, even the smallest parts of it, is filled with things you don't know."

Wow. That was a huge idea.

Any town, even one as small as Reardan, was a place of mystery. And that meant Wellpinit, the smaller, Indian town, was also a place of mystery.

"Okay, so it's like each of these books is a mystery. Every book is a mystery. And if you read all of the books ever written, it's like you've read one giant mystery. And no matter how much you learn, you keep on learning so much more you need to learn."

"Yes, yes, yes, yes," Gordy said. "Now doesn't that give you a boner?"

"I am rock hard," I said.”
― Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian

“Censorship of anything, at any time, in any place, on whatever pretense, has always been and always will be the last resort of the boob and the bigot.”
― Eugene Gladstone O'Neill

“But her grandmother had never suggested she could think the same of Scarlet. You'll be fine, she always said, after a skinned knee, after a broken arm, after her first youthfull heartbreak. You'll be fine, because you're strong, like me.”
― Marissa Meyer, Scarlet

“أمران سيجعلانك أكثر حكمة...
الكتب التى تقرؤها والأشخاص الذين تلتقى بهم.”
― أحمد الشقيرى, خواطر شاب

“But you love books, then,” Aunt Queen was saying. I had to listen.

“Oh, yes,” Lestat said. “Sometimes they are the only thing that keeps me alive.”

“What a strange thing to say at your age,” she laughed.

“No, but one can feel desperate at any age, don’t you think? The young are eternally desperate,” he said frankly. “And books, they offer one hope —- that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that new universe, one is saved.”
― Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm

“Just as music is noise that makes sense, a painting is colour that makes sense, so a story is life that makes sense.”
― Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil

“Reading was not a fallback position for her but an ideal state of being.”
― Laura Lippman, What the Dead Know

“My last refuge, my books: simple pleasures, like finding wild onions by the side of a road, or requited love.”
― Tracy Letts, August: Osage County

“When I want to read a novel, I write one.”
― Benjamin Disraeli

“I read in self-defense.”
― Woody Allen

“Do you arrange your books alphabetically? (I hope not.)”
― Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society

“Books swept me away, this way and that, one after the other; I made endless vows according to their lights for I believed them.”
― Annie Dillard

“The wise man reads both books and life itself.”
― Lin Yutang

“This must be what an addict feels like, I think,
trying to fight the pull of one last, quick read. My fingers itch toward the binding, and finally, with a sigh of regret, I just grab the book and open it, hungrily reading the story.”
― Jodi Picoult, Between the Lines

“Well, it seems to me that there are books that tell stories, and then there are books that tell truths... The first kind, they show you life like you want it to be. With villains getting what they deserve and the hero seeing what a fool he's been and marrying the heroine and happy endings and all that... But the second kind, they show you life more like it is... The first kind makes you cheerful and contented, but the second kind shakes you up.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light

“The Bookshop has a thousand books,
All colors, hues, and tinges,
And every cover is a door
That turns on magic hinges.”
― Nancy Byrd Turner

“One of the poets, whose name I cannot recall, has a passage, which I am unable at the moment to remember, in one of his works, which for the time being has slipped my mind, which hits off admirably this age-old situation.”
― PG Wodehouse

“Old words are reborn with new faces.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“[W]hat I like best is staying home and reading. Being rich is not about how many homes you own. It’s the freedom to pick up any book you want without looking at the price and wondering whether you can afford it.”
― John Waters

“The book was in her lap; she had read no further. The power to change one’s life comes from a paragraph, a lone remark. The lines that penetrate us are slender, like the flukes that live in river water and enter the bodies of swimmers. She was excited, filled with strength. The polished sentences had arrived, it seemed, like so many other things, at just the right time. How can we imagine what our lives should be without the illumination of the lives of others?”
― James Salter, Light Years

“I've forgotten most of what I've read and, frankly, it never seemed very important to me or to the world.”
― Leonard Cohen, Beautiful Losers

“Computers don't kill books; people do.”
― Douglas Rushkoff

“When confronted with a birthday in a week I will remember that a book can be a really good present, too.”
― Stephanie Pearl-McPhee, At Knit's End: Meditations for Women Who Knit Too Much

“There's no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.”
― Christopher Morley

“A wonderful thing about a book, in contrast to a computer screen, is that you can take it to bed with you.”
― Daniel J. Boorstin

“In Tereza’s eyes, books were the emblems of a secret brotherhood. For she had but a single weapon against the world of crudity surrounding her: the novels. She had read any number of them, from Fielding to Thomas Mann. They not only offered the possibility of an imaginary escape from a life she found unsatisfying; they also had a meaning for her as physical objects: she loved to walk down the street with a book under her arm. It had the same significance for her as an elegant cane from the dandy a century ago. It differentiated her from others.”
― Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being

“There is this idea that you either read to escape or you read to find yourself. I don't really see the difference. We find ourselves through the process of escaping.”
― Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive

“Libraries are not made; they grow. Good as it is to inherit a library, it is better to collect one.”
― Augustine Birrell

“And of course I'm in the press all the time. So many books have been written about me; Into thin air, up in the air,Gone with the wind-”
― Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero

“It was like walking into a treasure trove of books, hoarded by pirate librarians.”
― Pseudonymous Bosch, The Name of This Book Is Secret

“Books are like truth serum-- if you don't read, you can't figure out what's real.”
― Rodman Philbrick, Freak the Mighty

“Real life is physical. Give me books instead. Give me the invisibility of the contents of books, the thoughts, the ideas, the images. Let me become part of a book. . . . an intertextual being: a book cyborg, or, considering that books aren't cybernetic, perhaps a bibliorg.”
― Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y

“Worst of all, the inner vault is guarded by a live dragon, attended by fifty naked women armed with poisoned spears, each of them sworn to die in Requin's service. All redheads.
-You're just making that up, Jean.”
― Scott Lynch, Red Seas Under Red Skies

“It has long been my belief that everyone's library contains an Odd Shelf. On this shelf rests a small, mysterious corpus of volumes whose subject matter is completely unrelated to the rest of the library, yet which, upon closer inspection, reveals a good deal about its owner.”
― Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader

“It seems to me that anyone whose library consists of a Kindle lying on a table is some sort of bloodless nerd.”
― Penelope Lively

“He started to look at me in a manner I recognized: it was the way I looked at a new book, one I had never read before, one that surprised me with all it had to say.”
― Alice Hoffman, Blackbird House

“In other words, it's one of those books you thrust on your partner with an incredulous cry of "This is me!”
― Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree

“When was the last time you read a book? The truth now. And picture books don't count-I mean something with print in it.”
― William Goldman, The Princess Bride

“Reading is the royal road to intellectual eminence...Truly good books are more than mines to those who can understand them. They are the breathings of the great souls of past times. Genius is not embalmed in them, but lives in them perpetually.”
― William Ellery Channing

“Did you ever hear anyone say, 'That work had better be banned because I might read it and it might be very damaging to me'?”
― Joseph Henry Jackson

“Cakes are like books: There are new ones you want to read and old favorites you want to reread.”
― Ellen Rose

“For this quiet, unprepossessing, passive man who has no garden in front of his subsidised flat, books are like flowers. He loves to line them up on the shelf in multicoloured rows: he watches over each of them with an old-fashioned gardener's delight, holds them like fragile objects in his thin, bloodless hands.”
― Stefan Zweig, The Post-Office Girl

“I care not how humble your bookshelf may be, or how lonely the room which it adorns. Close the door of that room behind you, shut off with it all the cares of the outer world, plunge back into the soothing company of the great dead, and then you are through the magic portal into that fair land whither worry and vexation can follow you no more. You have left all that is vulgar and all that is sordid behind you. There stand your noble, silent comrades, waiting in their ranks. Pass your eye down their files. Choose your man. And then you have but to hold up your hand to him and away you go together into dreamland”
― Arthur Conan Doyle, Through The Magic Door

“Even when reading is impossible, the presence of books acquired produces such an ecstasy that the buying of more books than one can read is nothing less than the soul reaching towards infinity... We cherish books even if unread, their mere presence exudes comfort, their ready access reassurance.”
― A.E Newton

“The poet must always, in every instance, have the vibrant word... that by it's trenchancy can so wound my soul that it whimpers.... One must know and recognize not merely the direct but the secret power of the word; one must be able to give one's writing unexpected effects. It must have a hectic, anguished vehemence, so that it rushes past like a gust of air, and it must have a latent, roistering tenderness so that it creeps and steals one's mind; it must be able to ring out like a sea-shanty in a tremendous hour, in the time of the tempest, and it must be able to sigh like one who, in tearful mood, sobs in his inmost heart.”
― Knut Hamsun

“No matter how people mess with you or let you down, or how you let yourself down, a good book means that when you get in bed that night, you have a good hour. I feel like you pay all day for that hour. That's what books mean to me. I can open this two-dimensional, flat white page with squiggly little black marks on them, and someone has created this world that you're going to enter into ...”
― Anne Lamott

“I am Envy...I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned.”
― Christopher Marlowe

“Never underestimate a bookworm”
― Louisa Klein, Supernatural Freak

“I do not mean to object to a thorough knowledge of the famous works we read. I object only to the interminable comments and bewildering criticisms that teach but one thing: there are as many opinions as there are men.”
― Helen Keller, The Story of My Life

“..reading a book doesn’t mean just turning the pages. It means thinking about it, identifying parts that you want to go back to, asking how to place it in a broader context, pursuing the ideas. There’s no point in reading a book if you let it pass before your eyes and then forget about it ten minutes later. Reading a book is an intellectual exercise, which stimulates thought, questions, imagination.”
― Noam Chomsky, Occupy

“Have books ‘happened’ to you? Unless your answer to that question is ‘yes,’ I’m unsure how to talk to you”
― Haruki Murakami

“Books are lighthouses erected in the great sea of time.”
― Edwin Percy Whipple

“That's the problem with best friends. Sometimes they know you better than you know yourself.”
― Cecily von Ziegesar, Nobody Does it Better

“We learn words by rote, but not their meaning; that must be paid for with our life-blood, and printed in the subtle fibres of our nerves.”
― George Eliot, The Lifted Veil

“Karl Marx said, “The task is not just to understand the world but to change it.” A variant to keep in mind is that if you want to change the world you’d better try to understand it. That doesn’t mean listening to a talk or reading a book, though that’s helpful sometimes. You learn from participating. You learn from others. You learn from the people you’re trying to organize. We all have to gain the understanding and the experience to formulate and implement ideas.”
― Noam Chomsky

“We are made whole
By books, as by great spaces and the stars”
― Mary Carolyn Davies

“I read because one life isn't enough, and in the page of a book I can be anybody.”
― R. Peck

“There's nothing on Earth like really nailing the last line of a big book. You have 200 pages to tickle their fancy, and seven words to break their heart.”
― Alex de Campi

“Sonnet 23

As an unperfect actor on the stage,
Who with his fear is put besides his part,
Or some fierce thing replete with too much rage,
Whose strength's abundance weakens his own heart;
So I, for fear of trust, forget to say
The perfect ceremony of love's rite,
And in mine own love's strength seem to decay,
O'ercharg'd with burden of mine own love's might.
O, let my books be then the eloquence
And dumb presagers of my speaking breast;
Who plead for love, and look for recompense,
More than that tongue that more hath more express'd.
O, learn to read what silent love hath writ:
To hear with eyes belongs to love's fine wit.”
― William Shakespeare, Sonnets

“It's too late to apologize for I have already forgiven you." -FitzChivalry Farseer”
― Robin Hobb

“The good, the admirable reader identifies himself not with the boy or the girl in the book, but with the mind that conceived and composed that book.”
― Vladimir Nabokov

“She’d felt it before, she felt it now: the pull to fall in with him, to fall into him, to lose her sense of self.”
― Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime

“From that time on, the world was hers for the reading. She would never be lonely again, never miss the lack of intimate friends. Books became her friends and there was one for every mood.”
― Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn

“The feel of them (books) and the smell of them. A bookshop was like an Aladdin's cave for me. Entire worlds and lives can be found just behind that glossy cover. All you had to do was look." Claire (Watermelon)”
― Marian Keyes, Watermelon

“Weren’t all books ultimately related? After all, the same letters filled them, just arranged in a different order. Which meant that, in a certain way, every book was contained in every other!”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkdeath

“The public library is where place and possibility meet.”
― Stuart Dybek

“I don't want anyone writing in to point out that I spend too much money on books, many of which I will never read. I know that already. I certainly intend to read all of them, more or less. My intentions are good. Anyway, it's my money. And I'll bet you do it too.”
― Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree

“Nothing ever invented provides such sustenance, such infinite reward for time spent, as a good book.”
― David McCullough

“Maybe the books can get us half out of the cave. They just might stop us from making the same damm insane mistakes!”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Before you sleep, read something that is exquisite, and worth remembering.”
― Desiderius Erasmus

“I truly believe that if you have more friends than books, you have too many friends. Or not enough books. Probably both.”
― Zoë Marriott

“Our private tastes in books showed a hint of our secret selves.”
― Nova Ren Suma, The Walls Around Us

“The words that strike us are those that awake an echo in a zone we have already made our own—the place where we live—and the vibration enables us to find fresh starting points within ourselves.”
― Cesare Pavese, Il mestiere di vivere: Diario 1935-1950

“In Western Civilization, our elders are books.”
― Gary Snyder, The Practice of the Wild: Essays

“When I began writing The Night Bookmobile, it was a story about a woman's secret life as a reader. As I worked it also became a story about the claims that books place on their readers, the imbalance between our inner and outer lives, a cautionary tale of the seductions of the written word. It became a vision of the afterlife as a library, of heaven as a funky old camper filled with everything you've ever read. What is this heaven? What is it we desire from the hours, weeks, lifetimes we devote to books? What would you sacrifice to sit in that comfy chair with perfect light for an afternoon in eternity, reading the perfect book, forever?”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Night Bookmobile

“It is time to browse through the precious books that have meant the most to you that you may rediscover illuminating phrases and sentences to light your pathway to the future...”
― Wilferd Peterson

“The shame that tormented me was all the more corrosive for having no very clear origin: I didn't know why I felt so tainted, and worthless, and wrong-only that I did, and whenever I looked up from my books I was swamped by slimy waters rushing in from all sides.”
― Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch

“The only friends I have are the dead who have bequeathed their writings to me--I have no others.”
― Thomas Bernhard, Concrete

“If you haven't cried at least once while writing a chapter of your inspirational book, then you have to ask yourself if your're writing fiction.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Writing a long and substantial book is like having a friend and companion at your side, to whom you can always turn for comfort and amusement, and whose society becomes more attractive as a new and widening field of interest is lighted in the mind.”
― Winston S. Churchill

“Always buy pornographic books in hardback because they're easier to hold with one hand.”
― Robert Clark

“I would like my personal reading map to resemble a map of the British Empire circa 1900.”
― Nick Hornby, Housekeeping vs. the Dirt

“I love to lose myself in other men's minds.... Books think for me.”
― Charles Lamb

“When I was in my twenties and broke, I'd buy books before food. A meal will sustain you for a few hours, a good book will sustain you for life.”
― Gabrielle Zevin

“I myself grew up to be not only a Hero, but also a Writer. When I was an adult, I rewrote A Hero's Guide to Deadly Dragons, and I included not only some descriptions of the various deadly dragon species, and a useful Dragonese Dictionary, but also this story of how the book came to be written in the first place.

This is the book that you are holding in your hands right now.

Perhaps you even borrowed it from a Library?

If so, thank Thor that the sinister figure of the Hairy Scary Librarian is not lurking around a corner, hiding in the shadows, Heart-Slicers at the ready, or that the punishment for your curiosity is not the whirring whine of a Driller Dragon's drill.

You, dear reader, I am sure cannot imagine what it might to be like to live in a world in which books are banned.

For surely such things will never happen in the Future?

Thank Thor that you live in a time and a place where people have the right to live and think and write and read their books in peace, and there are no need for Heroes anymore ...

And spare a thought for those who have not been so lucky.”
― Cressida Cowell, A Hero's Guide to Deadly Dragons

“There were people who read and there were the others. Whether you were the a reader or a non-reader was soon apparent. There was no greater distinction between people.”
― Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon

“Cosa farei senza libri? Ne ho la casa piena, eppure non mi bastano mai. Vorrei avere una giornata di trentasei ore per poter leggere a mio piacere. Tengo libri di tutte le dimensioni: da tasca, da borsa, da valigia, da taschino, da scaffale, da tavolo. E ne porto sempre uno con me. Non si sa mai: se trovo un momento di tempo, se mi fanno aspettare in un ufficio, che sia alla posta o dal medico, tiro fuori il mio libro e leggo. Quando ho il naso su una pagina non sento la fatica dell'attesa. E, come dice Ortega y Gasset, in un libro mi "impaeso", a tal punto che mi è difficile spaesarmi. Esco dai libri con le pupille dilatate. Lo considero il piacere più grande, più sicuro, più profondo della mia vita.”
― Dacia Maraini, Chiara di Assisi: Elogio della disobbedienza

“We read frequently if unknowingly, in quest of a mind more original than our own.”
― Harold Bloom

“But once an original book has been written-and no more than one or two appear in a century-men of letters imitate it, in other words, they copy it so that hundreds of thousands of books are published on exactly the same theme, with slightly different titles and modified phraseology. This should be able to be achieved by apes, who are essentially imitators, provided, of course, that they are able to make use of language.”
― Pierre Boulle, Planet of the Apes

“Keep good company, read good books, love good things and cultivate soul and body as faithfully as you can”
― Louisa May Alcott, Rose in Bloom

“Prometheus, thief of light, giver of light, bound by the gods, must have been a book.”
― Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves

“She talked like a woman who knew more books than people.”
― Melissa Albert, The Hazel Wood

“As you grow ready for it, somewhere or other you will find what is needful for you in a book.”
― George MacDonald, The Marquis of Lossie

“Books are a hard-bound drug with no danger of an overdose. I am the happy victim of books.”
― Karl Lagerfield

“I know, you've been here a year, you think these people are normal. Well, they're not. WE'RE not. I look in the library, I call up books on my desk. Old ones, because they won't let us have anything new, but I've got a pretty good idea what children are, and we're not children. Children can lose sometimes, and nobody cares. Children aren't in armies, they aren't COMMANDERS, they don't rule over forty other kids, it's more than anybody can take and not get crazy.”
― Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game

“I love the place; the magnificent books; I require books as I require air.”
― Sholem Asch

“But I can now understand why people read, why they like to get lost in somebody else's life. Sometimes I'll read a sentence and it will make me sit up, jolt me, because it is something that I have recently felt but never said out loud. I want to reach into the page and tell the characters that I understand them, that they're not alone, that I'm not alone, that it's ok to feel like this. And then the lunch bell rings, the book closes, and I'm plunged back into reality.”
― Cecelia Ahern, Flawed

“The books were legends and tales, stories from all over the Realm. These she had devoured voraciously – so voraciously, in fact, that she started to become fatigued by them. It was possible to have too much of a good thing, she reflected.
“They’re all the same,” she complained to Fleet one night. “The soldier rescues the maiden and they fall in love. The fool outwits the wicked king. There are always three brothers or sisters, and it’s always the youngest who succeeds after the first two fail. Always be kind to beggars, for they always have a secret; never trust a unicorn. If you answer somebody’s riddle they always either kill themselves or have to do what you say. They’re all the same, and they’re all ridiculous! That isn’t what life is like!”
Fleet had nodded sagely and puffed on his hookah. “Well, of course that’s not what life is like. Except the bit about unicorns – they’ll eat your guts as soon as look at you. those things in there” – he tapped the book she was carrying – “they’re simple stories. Real life is a story, too, only much more complicated. It’s still got a beginning, a middle, and an end. Everyone follows the same rules, you know. . . It’s just that there are more of them. Everyone has chapters and cliffhangers. Everyone has their journey to make. Some go far and wide and come back empty-handed; some don’t go anywhere and their journey makes them richest of all. Some tales have a moral and some don’t make any sense. Some will make you laugh, others make you cry. The world is a library, young Poison, and you’ll never get to read the same book twice.”
― Chris Wooding, Poison

“Only five books tonight, Mommy," she says.
No, Olivia, just one."
How about four?"
Two."
Three."
Oh, all right, three. But that's it!”
― Ian Falconer, Olivia

“For every book you buy, you should buy the time to read it.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“When at last I came upon the right book, the feeling was violent: it blew open a hole in me that made life more dangerous because I couldn't control what came through it.”
― Nicole Krauss, Great House

“Readers, censors know, are defined by the books they read.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“Reading, for me, is like this: consumptive, pleasing, calming, as much as edifying. It's how I feel after a good dinner. That's why I do it so often: It feels wonderful. The book is mind and I insert myself into it, cover it entire, ear my way through every last slash and dot. That's something you can do with a book, unlike television or movies or the Internet. You can eat it, or mark it, like a dog does on a hydrant. ”
― Tara Bray Smith

“Write it down, boy. If you come across a passage in your reading that you’d like to remember, write it down in your little book; then you can read it again, memorize it, and have it whenever you wish.”
― Keith Donohue

“A censor is an expert in cutting remarks. A censor is a man who knows more than he thinks you ought to.”
― Laurence Peter

“I hate most people. And I don’t want to, it’s an awful way to be. But the human race gives me no comfort. I find myself turning to books and films for comfort still. It’s repulsive, because one’s life consists of people, not things.”
― Morrissey

“There was something appealing in thinking of a character with a secret life that her author knew nothing about. Slipping off while the author's back was turned, to find love in her own way. Showing up just in time to deliver the next bit of dialogue with an innocent face.”
― Karen Joy Fowler

“Unpacking books is a revelatory activity. ”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“Success is no proof of virtue. In the case of a book, quick acclaim is presumptive evidence of a lack of substance and originality.”
― Walter Kaufmann

“I am a part of all I have read.”
― John Kieran

“Readers are bullied in schoolyards and in locker-rooms as much as in government offices and prisons.”
― Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading

“I love staring at my books for hours just trying to decide which book to read next. Doing that is almost as fun as actually reading them.”
― Love The Stacks Bookstore

“But words are things, and a small drop of ink,      
Falling like dew, upon a thought, produces
That which makes thousands, perhaps millions, think;      
’T is strange, the shortest letter which man uses
Instead of speech, may form a lasting link      
Of ages; to what straits old Time reduces
Frail man, when paper — even a rag like this,
Survives himself, his tomb, and all that’s his.”
― George Gordon Byron, Don Juan

“It was books that kept me from taking my own life after I thought I could never love anyone, never be loved by anyone again.”
― Cassandra Claire

“A good book is never exhausted. It goes on whispering to you from the wall. Books perfume and give weight to a room. A bookcase is as good as a view, as the sight of a city or a river. There are dawns and sunsets in books - storms, fogs, zephyrs.
I read about a family whose apartment consists of a series of spaces so strictly planned that they are obliged to give away their books as soon as they've read them. I think they have misunderstood the way books work.
Reading a book is only the first step in the relationship. After you've finished it, the book enters on its real career. It stand there as a badge, a blackmailer, a monument, a scar. It's both a flaw in the room, like a crack in the plaster, and a decoration. The contents of someone's bookcase are part of his history, like an ancestral portrait.

- in "About books; recoiling, rereading, retelling", The New York Times, February 22, 1987”
― Anatole Broyard

“I like books whose virtue is all drawn together in a page or two. I like sentences that don't budge though armies cross them. ”
― Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room

“Maybe Heaven will be a library and then I might get to finish my ‘to-read’ list.”
― Kellie Elmore, Magic in the Backyard

“I was so getting tired of fighting for my life in the library.”
― Jennifer Estep, Dark Frost

“The oldest books are still only just out to those who have not read them.”
― Samuel Butler

“If you cannot read all your books, at any rate handle, or as it were, fondle them – peer into them, let them fall open where they will, read from the first sentence that arrests the eye, set them back on the shelves with your own hands, arrange them on your own plan so that if you do not know what is in them, you at least know where they are. Let them be your friends; let them at any rate be your acquaintances. If they cannot enter the circle of your life, do not deny them at least a nod of recognition.”
― Winston S. Churchill, Painting as a Pastime

“There's no better way to inform and expand you mind on a regular basis than to get into the habit of reading good literature.”
― Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change

“Science fiction films are not about science. They are about disaster, which is one of the oldest subjects of art.”
― Susan Sontag

“anyone who’s worth anything reads just what he likes, as the mood takes him, and with extravagant enthusiasm.”
― Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room

“A book is a wonderful present. Though it may grow worn, it will never grow old.”
― Jane Yolen, Girl in a Cage

“Literature is the safe and traditional vehicle through which we learn about the world and pass on values from on generation to the next. Books save lives.”
― Laurie Anderson

“Learning became her. She loved the smell of the book from the shelves, the type on the pages, the sense that the world was an infinite but knowable place. Every fact she learned seemed to open another question, and for every question there was another book.”
― Robert Goolrick, A Reliable Wife

“That's what this country needs -- more books!”
― Christopher Morley

“و من الممكن أن تمل القراءة طبيعي فعندما يمل الإنسان كل شئ تكون الكتب أول الضحايا”
― أنيس منصور, كتاب عن كتب

“If every library is in some sense a reflection of its readers, it is also an image of that which we are not, and cannot be.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“Anything can become a children's book if you give it to a child...Children are actually the best (and worst) audience for literature because they have no patience with pretence.”
― Orson Scott Card

“All his life, Klaus had believed that if you read enough books, you could solve any problem, but now he wasn't so sure.”
― Lemony Snicket, The Bad Beginning

“I smiled at the stacks, inhaling again. Hundreds of thousands of pages that had never been turned, waiting for me. The shelves were a warm, blond wood, piled with spines of every color. Staff picks were arranged on tables, glossy covers reflecting the light back at me. Behind the little cubby where the cashier sat, ignoring us, stairs covered with rich burgundy carpet led up to the worlds unknown. 'I could just live here,' I said.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver

“But at night, when the library lamps are lit, the outside world disappears and nothing but the space of books remains in existence. ”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“Un libro leído a medias es una aventura amorosa incompleta.”
― David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas

“The act of true reading is in its very essence democratic. Consider the nature of what happens when we read a book - and I mean, of course, a work of literature, not an instruction manual or a textbook - in private, unsupervised, un-spied-on, alone. It isn't like a lecture: it's like a conversation. There's a back-and-forthness about it. The book proposes, the reader questions, the book responds, the reader considers. We bring our own preconceptions and expectations, our own intellectual qualities, and our limitations, too, our own previous experiences of reading, our own temperament, our own hopes and fears, our own personality to the encounter.”
― Philip Pullman

“The dirtiest book of all is the expurgated book.”
― Walt Whitman

“She took a deep breath, "Last chance. Are you in need of rescuing?"
His expression turned very strange, almost as if she'd struck him, "Yes," he said finally.”
― Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown

“أنا أخبئ بين أقفاص صدري أوجاع نساء الأرض ودموع الصغار ،
أنا أحمل على عاتقي خيبات ثكلى !
وفي حنجرتي تستقر حشرجة حزن مدوية ..
أنا الأنثى التي تقام كل ليلة على مدائن قلبها
مآتم الخذلان !
وبالرغم من ذلك الأسى المفرط .. .
تبتسم وتمضي دونما إكتراث !”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“In my contact with people, I find that, as a rule, it is only the little, narrow people who live for themselves, who never read good books, who do not travel, who never open up their souls in a way to permit them to come into contact with other souls – with the great outside world.”
― Booker T. Washington, Up from Slavery

“Fast reading of a great novel will get us the plot. It will get us names, a shadowy idea of characters, a sketch of settings. It will not get us subtleties, small differentiations, depth of emotion and observation, multilayered human experience, the appreciation of simile and metaphor, any sense of context, any comparison with other novels, other writers. Fast reading will not get us cadence and complexities of style and language. It will not get us anything that enters not just the conscious mind but the unconscious. It will not allow the book to burrow down into our memory and become part of ourselves, the accumulation of knowledge and wisdom and vicarious experience which helps to form us as complete human beings. It will not develop our awareness or add to the sum of our knowledge and intelligence. Read parts of a newspaper quickly or an encyclopaedia entry, or a fast-food thriller, but do not insult yourself or a book which has been created with its author's painstakingly acquired skill and effort, by seeing how fast you can dispose of it.”
― Susan Hill, Howards End is on the Landing: A Year of Reading from Home

“…books are always good company if you have the right sort. Let me pick out some for you.' And Mrs. Jo made a bee-line to the well-laden shelves, which were the joy of her heart and the comfort of her life.”
― Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys

“In a book, all would have gone according to plan... but life was so fucking untidy — what could you say for an existence where some of the most crucial conversations of your life took place when you needed to take a shit, or something? An existence where there weren't even any chapters?”
― Stephen King, Misery

“He had no money and no home; he lived entirely on the road of the racing circuit, sleeping in empty stalls, carrying with him only a saddle, his rosary, and his books....The books were the closest thing he had to furniture, and he lived in them the way other men live in easy chairs.”
― laura hillenbrand, Seabiscuit: An American Legend

“Books have souls. Or so romantics like me tend to think.”
― Douglas Rushkoff

“...I will not allow books to prove any thing."
"But how shall we prove any thing?"
"We never shall.”
― Jane Austen, Persuasion

“People have often told me that one of their strongest childhood memories is the scent of their grandmother's house. I never knew my grandmothers, but I could always count of the Bookmobile.”
― Adriana Trigiani, Big Stone Gap

“I believe in books.”
― Carole Maso, The Room Lit By Roses

“Of course you can trust me," Jake Hix said. "We read the same books.”
― Lemony Snicket, When Did You See Her Last?

“Sometimes you read a book so special that you want to carry it around with you for months after you have finished just to stay near it”
― Markus Zusak

“Dreams, books, are each a world; and books, we know,
Are a substantial world, both pure and good:
Round these, with tendrils strong as flesh and blood,
Our pastime and our happiness will grow.”
― William Wordsworth

“...Something we once loved, and love now, in the shape of a book. Maybe eBooks are going to take over, one day, but not until those whizzkids in Silicon Valley invent a way to bend the corners, fold the spine, yellow the pages, add a coffee ring or two and allow the plastic tablet to fall open at a favorite page.”
― Russell T. Davies, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

“She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain”
― Louisa May Alcott, Work: A Story of Experience

“CUSTOMER: If I were to, say... meet the love of my life in this bookshop, what section do you think they would be standing in?”
― Jen Campbell, Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops

“I was flipping channels, watching this cheerleading program on MTV. They took a field hockey girl and “transformed” her into a cheerleader by the end of the show. I was just wondering: what if she liked field hockey better?”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“اعذرني !!
لن ألوث طهري ونقائي لمجرد إرضائك ،
ولن أدنس مبادئي لأكسب شرف قربك مني ..
ولن أنزع رداء الطفولة من روحي من ذاتي من وجداني ..
لأكون في نظرك أنثى كاملة النضوج
هذه أنا إن أردتني بطهري بطفولتي بنقائي بوفائي بعطائي !!
وإن لم ترغب بنجلائك كما هي ..
إذهب إليهن وغادرني
فكثيرات ياسيدي من هن بحجم رغباتك !
وقليلات / قليلات من هن بحجم نقائي !”
― نجلاء حسن, طرف غترته

“You're either reading a book or you're not.”
― Jonathan Franzen

“Reading is sometimes thought of as a form of escapism, and it’s a common turn of phrase to speak of getting lost in a book. But a book can also be where one finds oneself; and when a reader is grasped and held by a book, reading does not feel like an escape from life so much as it feels like an urgent, crucial dimension of life itself.”
― Rebecca Mead, My Life in Middlemarch

“There were two sets of double doors leading out of the antechamber, one marked STACKS and the other TOMES. Not knowing the difference between the two, I headed to the ones labeled STACKS. That was what I wanted. Stacks of books. Great heaps of books. Shelf after endless shelf of books.”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind

“Our society accepts the book as a given, but the act of reading -- once considered useful and important, as well as potentially dangerous and subversive -- is now condescendingly accepted as a pastime, a slow pastime that lacks efficiency and does not contribute to the common good.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“A Book

“Now” - said a good book unto me -
“Open my pages and you shall see
Jewels of wisdom and treasures fine,
Gold and silver in every line,
And you may claim them if you but will
Open my pages and take your fill.

“Open my pages and run them o’er,
Take what you choose of my golden store.
Be you greedy, I shall not care -
All that you seize I shall gladly spare;
There is never a lock on my treasure doors,
Come - here are my jewels, make them yours!

“I am just a book on your mantel shelf,
But I can be part of your living self;
If only you’ll travel my pages through,
Then I will travel the world with you.
As two wines blended make better wine,
Blend your mind with these truths of mine.

“I’ll make you fitter to talk with men,
I’ll touch with silver the lines you pen,
I’ll lead you nearer the truth you seek,
I’ll strengthen you when your faith grows weak -
This place on your shelf is a prison cell,
Let me come into your mind to dwell!”
― Edgar Guest, Collected Verse

“And what would happen if we never read the classics? There comes a point in life, it seems to me, where you have to decide whether you're a Person of Letters or merely someone who loves books, and I'm beginning to see that the book lovers have more fun. ”
― Nick Hornby, Housekeeping vs. the Dirt

“A book is an arrangement of twenty-six phonetic symbols, ten numerals, and about eight punctuation marks, and people can cast their eyes over these and envision the eruption of Mount Vesuvius or the Battle of Waterloo.”
― Kurt Vonnegut

“Who made you Queen of Literacy? Go sit in your car!”
― Jackson Pearce

“Амьдрал гэж нэг иймэрхүү авсаархан ном байлаа гэхэд, санаандгүй сөхөхөд тааралдах тохиолдлын ганц өгүүлбэрт л уг номыг унших учир шалтгаан бүрэн шингээстэй бий.”
― Аюурзана Гун-Аажав, Амь тавьж буй шувууны далавч

“There isn’t any particular relationship between the messages, except that the author has chosen them carefully, so that, when seen all at once, they produce an image of life that is beautiful and surprising and deep. There is no beginning, no middle, no end, no suspense, no moral, no causes, no effects. What we love in our books are the depths of many marvelous moments seen all at one time.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five

“Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book.”
― Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess

“Revenge. Justice. Love. They are the three stories that all other stories are made up of. It's the trifecta.”
― April Genevieve Tucholke, Wink Poppy Midnight

“With no reason to hide these words I feel, and no reason to talk about the books I read, but still, I do.”
― Morrissey

“He can’t take his eyes off the stars, but I can’t take mine off his face.”
― Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World

“A book is a version of the world. If you do not like it, ignore it; or offer your own version in return.”
― Salman Rushdie

“Old books that we have known but not possessed cross our path and invite themselves over. New books try to seduce us daily with tempting titles and tantalizing covers. ”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“He loved books, those undemanding but faithful friends.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“I took to the Bodleian library as to a lover and ... would sit long hours in Bodley's arms to emerge, blinking and dazed with the smell and feel of all those books.”
― Laurie R. King, The Beekeeper's Apprentice

“For the last several days I've had the sudden and general urge to buy a new book. I've stopped off at a few bookstores around the city, and while I've looked at hundreds and hundreds of books in that time, I have not found the one book that will satisfy my urge. It's not as if I don't have anything to read; there's a tower of perfectly good unread books next to my bed, not to mention the shelves of books in the living room I've been meaning to reread. I find myself, maddeningly, hungry for the next one, as yet unknown. I no longer try to analyze this hunger; I capitulated long ago to the book lust that's afflicted me most of my life. I know enough about the course of the disease to know I'll discover something soon.”
― Lewis Buzbee, The Yellow-Lighted Bookshop: A Memoir, a History

“That's the thing about a great book. Every time you read it, it's different, because you're different. You've changed since the last time you picked it up, things have happened to you.”
― Jessica Zafra, Twisted 9

“A monk should surely love his books with humility, wishing their good and not the glory of his own curiosity; but what the temptation of adultery is for laymen and the yearning for riches is for secular ecclesiastics, the seduction of knowledge is for monks.”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“Cuando me detienen por la calle, en una plaza o en el tren, para preguntarme qué libros hay que leer, les digo siempre: "Lean lo que les apasione, será lo único que los ayudará a soportar la existencia".”
― Ernesto Sábato

“When you lose yourself in a book the hours grow wings and fly.”
― Chloe Thurlow, The Fifty Shades of Grey Phenomena

“Several times he had to flatten himself against the shelves as a thesaurus thundered by. He waited patiently as a herd of Critters crawled past, grazing on the contents of the choicer books and leaving behind them piles of small slim volumes of literary criticism.”
― Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!

“Books must be treated with respect, we feel that in our bones, because words have power. Bring enough words together they can bend space and time.”
― Terry Pratchett

“The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“We become the books we read.”
― Matthew Kelly

“Sometimes I think books are the only friends worth having.”
― Susie Derkins

“Imagination is what you do with your inspiration.”
― Violet Haberdasher

“I had lines inside me, a string of guiding lights. I had language. Fiction and poetry are doses, medicines. What they heal is the rupture reality makes on the imagination. I had been damaged, and a very important part of me had been destroyed - that was my reality, the facts of my life. But on the other side of the facts was who I could be, how I could feel. And as long as I had words for that, images for that, stories for that, then I wasn't lost.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“Woe be to him that reads but one book.”
― George Herbert

“Tis the good reader that makes the good book; in every book he finds passages which seem confidences or asides hidden from all else and unmistakenly meant for his ear; the profit of books is according to the sensibility of the reader; the profoundest thought or passion sleeps as in a mine, until it is discovered by an equal mind and heart.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“The best books...

The best books of men are soon exhausted--
they are cisterns, and not springing fountains.
You enjoy them very much at the first acquaintance,
and you think you could hear them a hundred times over-
but you could not- you soon find them wearisome.
Very speedily a man eats too much honey:
even children at length are cloyed with sweets.

All human books grow stale after a time-
but with the Word of God the desire to study it increases,
while the more you know of it the less you think you know.

The Book grows upon you: as you dive into its depths
you have a fuller perception of the infinity which remains
to be explored. You are still sighing to enjoy more of that
which it is your bliss to taste.”
― Charles H. Spurgeon

“great books are the ones we need”
― Charles Bukowski, The Last Night of the Earth Poems

“Now begin in the middle, and later learn the beginning; the end will take care of itself.”
― Harlan Ellison

“أمقت تلك المسافات التي تفصلني عنك ،
أتذمر من تلك المواقيت التي تسرقني منك ..
أسخط على أعين تتأملك / على أنامل تلمسك
على أنفاسك وهي تستنشقك !
على نبضاتك وهي تستشعرك ، على ثيابك وهي تعانقك”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“Do you think she is?" Her voice trembled. Her heart throbbed as she waited for him to answer. "You think they've killed her?"
Every moment wrapped around Scarlet's neck, strangling her, until the only possiblbe word from Wolf's mouth had to be yes. Yes, she was dead. Yes, she was gone. They'd murdered her. These monsters had murdered her.
Scarlet pressed her palms into the crate, trying to push through the plastic. "Say it."
"No," he murmured, shoulder sinking, "No, I don't think they've killed her. Not yet."
Scarlet shivered with relief. She covered her face with both hands, dizzy with the hurricane of emotions. "Thank the stars," she whispered. "Thank you.”
― Marissa Meyer, Scarlet

“Book burnings. Always the forerunners. Heralds of the stake, the ovens, the mass graves.”
― Geraldine Brooks, People of the Book

“In a library, no empty shelf remains empty for long.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“However much you study, you cannot know without action.
A donkey laden with books is neither an intellectual nor a wise man.
Empty of essence, what learning has he whether upon him is firewood or book?”
― Saadi of Shiraz

“A good book is always on tap; it may be decanted and drunk a hundred times, and it is still there for further imbibement. ”
― Holbrook Jackson

“The books that everybody admires are those that nobody reads.”
― Anatole France

“But we do need a breather. We do need knowledge. And perhaps in a thousand years we might pick smaller cliffs to jump off. The books are to remind us what asses and fools we are. They’re Caesar’s praetorian guard, whispering as the parade roars down the avenue, ‘Remember, Caesar, thou art mortal.’ Most of us can’t rush around, talk to everyone, know all the cities of the world, we haven’t time, money or that many friends. The things you’re looking for, Montag, are in the world, but the only way the average chap will ever see ninety-nine per cent of them is in a book.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“He fed his spirit with the bread of books”
― Edwin Markham

“Nobody can decide for himself whether he is going to be a human being. The only question open to him is whether he will be an ignorant undeveloped one or one who has sought to reach the highest point he is capable of attaining.”
― Robert Maynard Hutchins, The Great Conversation: The Substance Of A Liberal Education

“Khalil, I'll never forget.
I'll never give up.
I'll never be quiet.
I promise.”
― Angie Thomas, The Hate U Give

“Books remember all the things you cannot contain.”
― Elizabeth McCracken, The Giant's House

“A tough life needs a tough language—and that is what poetry is. That is what literature offers—a language powerful enough to say how it is.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“For all the books in his possession, he still failed to read the stories written plain as day in the faces of the people around him.”
― Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin

“If nothing else, a house is a place to keep books in.”
― Robert Pogue Harrison, The Dominion of the Dead

“Literature is the real life of imaginary people.”
― Stefanos Livos

“Fenworth owned a world-famous library. More rooms held books than beds. Pillows stuffed in niches and comfortable chairs scattered throughout each room offered abundant paces to curl up and read.”
― Donita K. Paul, DragonQuest

“Learning to decipher words had only added to the pleasures of holding spines and turning pages, measuring the journey to the end with a thumb-riffle, poring over frontispieces. Books! Opening with a crackle of old glue, releasing perfume; closing with a solid thump.”
― John Crowley, Little, Big

“The irritating question they ask us -- us being writers -- is: "Where do you get your ideas?"
And the answer is: Confluence. Things come together. The right ingredients and suddenly: Abracadabra!”
― Neil Gaiman, Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions

“Far be it from me to keep a woman from her book. That could become dangerous.”
― Elizabeth Hunter, A Hidden Fire

“Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. Education has been theirs in so much higher a degree; the pen has been in their hands. I will not allow books to prove anything.”
― Jane Austen, Persuasion

“The imaginary is not formed in opposition to reality as its denial or compensation; it grows among signs, from book to book, in the interstice of repetitions and commentaries; it is born and takes shape in the interval between books. It is the phenomena of the library.”
― Michel Foucault

“I regained my soul through literature after those times I'd lost it to wild-eyed gypsy girls on the European streets.”
― Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy

“Associate with noblest people you can find; read the best books; live with the mighty. But learn to be happy alone.
Rely upon your own energies, and so not wait for, or depend on other people.”
― Thomas Davidson

“I could read the great books but the great books don't interest me.”
― Charles Bukowski, The Last Night of the Earth Poems

“Books were only one type of receptacle where we stored a lot of things we were afraid we might forget. There is nothing magical in them at all. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the Universe together into one garment for us.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“A good book is the precious life-blood of a master-spirit, embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life, and as such it must surely be a necessary commodity.”
― Penelope Fitzgerald, The Bookshop

“This is no book. Whoever touches this touches a man.”
― Ezra Pound

“Dear and most respected bookcase! I welcome your existence, which has for over one hundred years been devoted to the radiant ideals of goodness and justice.”
― Anton Chekhov

“Not that she objected to solitude. Quite the contrary. She had books, thank Heaven, quantities of books. All sorts of books.”
― Jean Rhys, Quartet

“The thing about Tolkien, about The Lord of the Rings, is that it's perfect. It's this whole world, this whole process of immersion, this journey. It's not, I'm pretty sure, actually true, but that makes it more amazing, that someone could make it all up. Reading it changes everything.”
― Jo Walton, Among Others

“The man who is contented to be only himself, and therefore less a self, is in prison. My own eyes are not enough for me, I will see through those of others. Reality, even seen through the eyes of many, is not enough. I will see what others have invented. Even the eyes of all humanity are not enough. I regret that the brutes connot write books. Very gladly would I learn what face things present to a mouse or a bee; more gladly still would I perceive the olfactory world charged with all the information and emotion it carries for a dog. Literary experience heals the wound, without undermining the privilege, of individuality... in reading great literature I become a thousand men and yet remain myself. Like the night sky in the Greek poem, I see with a myriad of eyes, but it is still I who see. Here, as in worship, in love, in moral action, and in knowing, I transcend myself; and am never more myself than when I do.”
― C.S. Lewis, An Experiment in Criticism

“You can cover a great deal of country in books. ”
― Andrew Lang

“The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking. ”
― Christopher Morley

“Books, for me, are a home. Books don't make a home - they are one, in the sense that just as you do with a door, you open a book, and you go inside. Inside there is a different kind of time and space. There is warmth there too - a hearth. I sit down with a book and I am warm.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“One wants to tell a story, like Scheherezade, in order not to die. It's one of the oldest urges in mankind. It's a way of stalling death.”
― Carlos Fuentes

“For books are more than books, they are the life
The very heart and core of ages past,
The reason why men lived and worked and died,
The essence and quintessence of their lives.”
― Amy Lowell

“I wanted to pull down a book, open it proper, and gobble up page after page”
― Laurie Halse Anderson, Chains

“Remind me not to piss you off Red. You might aim for the heart and shoot me in the balls.”
― Nora Roberts, Morrigan's Cross

“The reason a writer writes a book is to forget a book and the reason a reader reads one is to remember it. ”
― Tom Wolfe

“Remember, when you don’t know what to do, it never hurts to play Scrabble. It’s like reading the I Ching or tea leaves.”
― Kelly Link

“If you`re wondering how you`ll find time, it means you don`t really want to read. Because nobody`s ever got time. Children certainly haven`t, nor have teenagers or grown-ups. Life always gets in the way. <...>
Time to read is always time stolen. <...>
Stolen from what?
From the tyranny of living.”- p.125”
― Daniel Pennac

“Books are magical keys to open up worlds and change perspectives.”
― AAAA

“Digestion of words as well; I often read aloud to myself in my writing corner in the library, where no one can hear me, for the sake of better savouring the text, so as to make it all the more mine.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“No one reads; if someone does read, he doesn't understand; if he understands, he immediately forgets.”
― Stanislaw Lem

“Books. People have no idea how beautiful books are. How they taste on your fingers. How bright everything is when you light it with words.”
― Rachel Kadish, Tolstoy Lied: A Love Story

“One of the convenient things about literature is that, despite copyrights [...] a book belongs to the reader as well as to the writer.”
― Anne Fadiman, At Large and at Small: Familiar Essays

“In reading he found solitude. In reading he could dispel the blare of the world.”
― Christos Tsiolkas, Barracuda

“And he loves to read. He loves the whisper of the pages and the way his fingertips catch on rough paper, the pour of the words up from the leaves, through soft light, into his eyes, the mute voice in his ears.”
― Keith Miller, The Book of Flying

“Jane's stories are too sensible. Then Diana puts too much murders into hers. She says most of the time she doesn't know what to do with the people so she kills them off to get rid of them."

-Anne Shirley”
― L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables

“I think I’m always so much more happy with books and movies and stuff. I think I get more excited about well-done representations of life than life itself.
- Celine”
― Richard Linklater, Before Sunrise & Before Sunset: Two Screenplays

“And how could anyone consent to give up the smell of open books, old or new?”
― Elizabeth Kostova, The Swan Thieves

“After a while it occurred to me that between the covers of each of those books lay a boundless universe waiting to be discovered while beyond those walls, in the outside world, people allowed life to pass by in afternoons of football and radio soaps, content to do little more than gaze at their navels.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“So I kept reading, just to stay alive. In fact, I'd read two or three books at the same time, so I wouldn't finish one without being in the middle of another -- anything to stop me from falling into the big, gaping void. You see, books fill the empty spaces. If I'm waiting for a bus, or am eating alone, I can always rely on a book to keep me company. Sometimes I think I like them even more than people. People will let you down in life. They'll disappoint you and hurt you and betray you. But not books. They're better than life.”
― Marc Acito, How I Paid for College: A Novel of Sex, Theft, Friendship & Musical Theater

“A capacity, and taste, for reading, gives access to whatever has already been discovered by others. It is the key, or one of the keys, to the already solved problems. And not only so. It gives a relish, and facility, for successfully pursuing the [yet] unsolved ones.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Like flies in amber, like corpses frozen in ice, that which according to the laws of nature should pass away is, by the miracle of ink on paper, preserved. It is a kind of magic. As one tends the graves of the dead, so I tend the books. And every day I open a volume or two, read a few lines or pages, allow the voices of the forgotten dead to resonate inside my head.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“What are a friend's books for if not to be borrowed?”
― Tom Stoppard, Arcadia

“Who was it who said, "I hold the buying of more books than one can peradventure read, as nothing less than the soul's reaching towards infinity; which is the only thing that raises us above the beasts that perish?" Whoever it was, I agree with him.”
― A. Edward Newton, A Magnificent Farce And Other Diversions Of A Book Collector

“If you really want to be a writer, nobody can stop you -- and if you don't, nobody can help you.”
― Alma Alexander

“And when the firemen turned off the hose and were standing in the wet, smoky room, Jim's Aunt, Miss Prothero, came downstairs and peered in at them. Jim and I waited, very quietly, to hear what she would say to them. She said the right thing, always. She looked at the three tall firemen in their shining helmets, standing among the smoke and cinders and dissolving snowballs, and she said, "Would you like anything to read?”
― Dylan Thomas, A Child's Christmas in Wales

“Bill Gates (and his successor at Microsoft, Ray Ozzie) are famous for taking annual reading vacations. During the year they deliberately cultivate a stack of reading material—much of it unrelated to their day-to-day focus at Microsoft—and then they take off for a week or two and do a deep dive into the words they’ve stockpiled. By compressing their intake into a matter of days, they give new ideas additional opportunities to network among themselves, for the simple reason that it’s easier to remember something that you read yesterday than it is to remember something you read six months ago.”
― Steven Johnson, Where Good Ideas Come from: The Natural History of Innovation

“In my view, nineteen pounds of old books are at least nineteen times as delicious as one pound of fresh caviar.”
― Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader

“And while we're on the subject of ducks, which we plainly are, the story, 'The Ugly Duckling' ought be banned as the central character wasn't a duckling or he wouldn't have grown up into a swan. He was a cygnet.”
― Russell Brand, My Booky Wook

“This isn't a book. This isn't a paranormal fantasy or whatever the hell it is you read. There is no set plot or clear idea of where any of this is going. The enemies aren't obvious. There are no guaranteed happy endings.”
― Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal

“If the self-help books worked, it would be a shrinking industry not a growing one.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Helen's books were her friends, "the kind you invite for dinner in the middle of winter," she'd told him, " and spend all night talking and never go to bed.”
― Emma Clayton, The Roar

“Books are both our luxuries and our daily bread.”
― Henry Stevens

“To achieve lasting literature, fictional or factual, a writer needs perceptive vision, absorptive capacity, and creative strength.”
― Lawrence Clark Powell

“A book no more contains reality than a clock contains time. A book may measure so-called reality as a clock measures so-called time; a book may create an illusion of reality as a clock creates an illusion of time; a book may be real, just as a clock is real (both more real, perhaps, than those ideas to which they allude); but let's not kid ourselves - all a clock contains is wheels and springs and all a book contains is sentences.”
― Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues

“It hardly matters why a library is destroyed: every banning, curtailment, shredding, plunder or loot gives rise (at least as a ghostly presence) to a louder, clearer, more durable library of the banned, looted, plundered, shredded or curtailed.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“By reading the writings of the most interesting minds in history, we meditate with our own minds and theirs as well. This is to me is a miracle.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage

“I learned to write by reading the kind of books I wished I'd written.”
― Barbara Kingsolver

“Have you ever found your heart's desire and then lost it? I had seen myself, a portrait of myself as a reader. My childhood: days home sick from school reading Nancy Drew, forbidden books read secretively late at night. Teenage years reading -trying to read- books I'd heard were important, Naked Lunch, and The Fountainhead, Ulysses and Women in Love... It was as though I had dreamt the perfect lover, who vanished as I woke, leaving me pining and surly.”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Night Bookmobile

“Klaus sighed, and opened a book, and as at so many other times when the middle Baudelaire child did not want to think about his circumstances, he began to read.”
― Lemony Snicket, The Reptile Room

“These friends - and he laid his hand on some of the books - have been good friends to me, and for some years past, ever since I had the idea of going to London, have given me many, many hours of pleasure. Through them I have come to know your great England; and to know her is to love her. I long to go through the crowded streets of your mighty London, to be in the midst of the whirl and rush of humanity, to share its life, its change, its death, and all that makes it what it is.”
― Bram Stoker, Dracula

“Books are all the dreams we would most like to have and like dreams they have the power to change consciousness. ”
― Victor Nell, Lost in a Book: The Psychology of Reading for Pleasure

“Don Quixote could never manage without his patient servant Sancho Panza.”
― Nicholas Tucker, Darkness Visible: Inside the World of Philip Pullman

“I sort of fell."

"Percy! Six hundred and thirty feet?”
― Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief

“Any book is better than no book. Slowly, surely, one will lead you to another, which will lead you to the best.”
― J.R. Moehringer, Sutton

“You can't have too much dog in a book.”
― Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine

“An emotion clamped down on her heart. It squeezed her into a terrible silence. But he said nothing after that, only her name, as if her name were not a name but a question. Or perhaps that it wasn’t how he had said it, and she was wrong, and she’d heard a question simply because the sound of him speaking her name made her wish that she were his answer.”
― Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime

“I have no feelings of guilt regarding the books I have not read and perhaps will never read; I know that my books have unlimited patience. They will wait for me till the end of my days.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“Will grinned. “Some of these books are dangerous,” he said. “It’s wise to be careful.”“One must always be careful of books,” said Tessa, “and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us.”“I’m not sure a book has ever changed me,” said Will. “Well, there is one volume that promises to teach one how to turn oneself into an entire flock of sheep—”“Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry,” said Tessa”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel

“The best morals kids get from any book is just the capacity to empathize with other people, to care about the characters and their feelings. So you don't have to write a preachy book to do that. You just have to make it a fun book with characters they care about, and they will become better people as a result.”
― Louis Sachar

“I do not like postmodernism, postapocalyptic settings, postmortem narrators, or magic realism. I rarely respond to supposedly clever formal devices, multiple fonts, pictures where they shouldn't be—basically, gimmicks of any kind. I find literary fiction about the Holocaust or any other major world tragedy to be distasteful—nonfiction only, please. I do not like genre mash-ups à la the literary detective novel or the literary fantasy. Literary should be literary, and genre should be genre, and crossbreeding rarely results in anything satisfying. I do not like children's books, especially ones with orphans, and I prefer not to clutter my shelves with young adult. I do not like anything over four hundred pages or under one hundred fifty pages. I am repulsed by ghostwritten novels by reality television stars, celebrity picture books, sports memoirs, movie tie-in editions, novelty items, and—I imagine this goes without saying—vampires.”
― Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry

“Printer's ink has been running a race against gunpowder these many, many years. Ink is handicapped, in a way, because you can blow up a man with gunpowder in half a second, while it may take twenty years to blow him up with a book. But the gunpowder destroys itself along with its victim, while a book can keep on exploding for centuries.”
― Christopher Morley, The Haunted Bookshop

“How can you be nervous? Don't you see? We're in a library.”
― Eilis O'Neal, The False Princess

“One of my heroes, G.K. Chesterton, said, "The old fairy tales endure forever. The old fairy tale makes the hero a normal human boy; it is his adventures that are startling; they startle him because he is normal." Discovering that the modern world can still contain the wonder and strangeness of a fairy tale is part of what my novels are about.”
― Regina Doman

“A while back, when Dick & Barry & I agreed that what really matters is what you like, not what you *are* like, Barry proposed the idea of a questionnaire for potential partners, a 2 or 3 page multiple-choice document that covered all the music/film/TV/book bases. It was intended: a) to dispense with awkward conversation, and b) to prevent a chap from leaping into bed with someone who might, at a later date, turn out to have every Julio Iglesias record ever made. It amused us at the time... But there was an important & essential truth contained in the idea, and the truth was that these things matter, and it's no good pretending that any relationship has a future if your record collections disagree violently, or if your favorite films wouldn't even speak to each other if they met at a party.”
― Nick Hornby, High Fidelity

“Now and then there are readings that make the hairs on the neck, the non-existent pelt, stand on end and tremble, when every word burns and shines hard and clear and infinite and exact, like stones of fire, like points of stars in the dark—readings when the knowledge that we shall know the writing differently or better or satisfactorily, runs ahead of any capacity to say what we know, or how. In these readings, a sense that the text has appeared to be wholly new, never before seen, is followed, almost immediately, by the sense that it was always there, that we the readers, knew it was always there, and have always known it was as it was, though we have now for the first time recognised, become fully cognisant of, our knowledge.”
― A.S. Byatt, Possession

“The glory of a good tale is that it is limitless and fluid; a good tale belongs to each reader in its own particular way.”
― Stephen King

“And what would they be scared of? There's nothing to fear in a perfect world, is there?”
― Catherine Fisher

“There are a large number of people in the room, but one is unaware of them. They are in the books. At times they move among the pages, like sleepers turning over between two dreams. Ah, how good it is to be among people who are reading.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge

“What a blessing it is to love books. Everybody must love something, and I know of no objects of love that give such substantial and unfailing returns as books and a garden.”
― Elizabeth von Arnim, The Solitary Summer

“It did occur to me that the effect of good literature may be as dizzying as that of alcohol.”
― Pamela Dean

“You is getting nosier than a parker.”
― Roald Dahl, The BFG

“One book calls to another unexpectedly, creating alliances across different cultures and centuries. ”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“Certain bookworms eat books. Eat them, swear in them, spill things on them.”
― Tara Bray Smith

“Books aren’t made in the way that babies are: they are made like pyramids, There’s some long-pondered plan, and then great blocks of stone are placed one on top of the other, and it’s back-breaking, sweaty, time consuming work. And all to no purpose! It just stands like that in the desert! But it towers over it prodigiously. Jackals piss at the base of it, and bourgeois clamber to the top of it, etc. Continue this comparison.”
― Gustave Flaubert

“You can't consume much if you sit still and read books.”
― Aldous Huxley, Brave New World

“We note our place with bookmarkers
That measure what we've lost.”
― Simon and Garfunkel, Simon and Garfunkel's Greatest Hits

“...a book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements, clumsy hands. If for a hundred and a hundred years everyone had been able freely to handle our codices, the majority of them would no longer exist. So the librarian protects them not only against mankind but also against nature, and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion, the enemy of truth.”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“A book is the cheapest ticket you will ever hold.”
― Stefanos Livos

“We will speak for the books."
...
"Like the Lorax?"
"The Lorax speaks for the trees," I remind her.
"Books are made out of paper. Paper is made out of trees."
"What about e-books?"
"We can speak for them too."
"Audiobooks?"
"Audiobooks speak for themselves." She grins. "Get it?”
― Paul Acampora, I Kill the Mockingbird

“But what struck me was the book-madness of the place--books lay scattered across the unmade bed and the top of a battered-looking desk, books stood in knee-high piles on the floor, books were crammed sideways and right side up in a narrow bookcase that rose higher than my head and leaned dangerously from the wall, books sat in stacks on top of a dingy dresser. The closet door was propped open by a pile of books, and from beneath the bed a book stuck out beside the toe of a maroon slipper.”
― Steven Millhauser, Dangerous Laughter

“A book is like a man - clever and dull, brave and cowardly, beautiful and ugly. For every flowering thought there will be a page like a wet and mangy mongrel, and for every looping flight a tap on the wing and a reminder that wax cannot hold the feathers firm too near the sun.”
― John Steinbeck

“If I can get on to my sofa and occupy myself for four hours, at intervals through the day, scribbling my notes, and able to read the books that belong to me, in that they clarify the density, and shape the formless mass within, life seems inconceivably rich...”
― Alice James

“Can there be any greater pleasure than to come across an author one enjoys and then to find they have written not just one book or two, but at least a dozen?”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“I hope people of the future will remember my books for being burned, and I challenge an elite few to imagine the embers of the last copy.”
― Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic

“I thought... that we could at least talk about books.”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince

“I love the book. I love the feel of a book in my hands, the compactness of it, the shape, the size. I love the feel of paper. The sound it makes when I turn a page. I love the beauty of print on paper, the patterns, the shapes, the fonts. I am astonished by the versatility and practicality of The Book. It is so simple. It is so fit for its purpose. It may give me mere content, but no e-reader will ever give me that sort of added pleasure.”
― Susan Hill, Howards End is on the Landing: A Year of Reading from Home

“I'd like to emphasize that when a reader finishes a great novel, he will immediately begin looking for another. If someone loves your book, it increases the chance that he or she will look at mine. So there is no competition between writers. Another writer's success helps build a larger readership for all of us.”
― David Farland

“You see? I know where every single book used to be in the library.' She pointed to the shelf opposite. 'Over there was Catch-22, which was a hugely popular fishing book and one of a series, I believe.”
― Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey

“Wer niemals ganze Nachmittage lang mit glühenden Ohren und verstrubbeltem Haar über einem Buch saß und las und las und die Welt um sich her vergaß, nicht mehr merkte, daß er hungrig wurde oder fror -
Wer niemals heimlich beim Schein einer Taschenlampe unter der Bettdecke gelesen hat, weil Vater oder Mutter oder sonst irgendeine besorgte Person einem das Licht ausknipste mit der gutgemeinten Begründung, man müsse jetzt schlafen, da man doch morgen so früh aus den Federn sollte -
Wer niemals offen oder im geheimen bitterliche Tränen vergossen hat, weil eine wunderbare Geschichte zu Ende ging und man Abschied nehmen mußte von den Gestalten, mit denen man gemeinsam so viele Abenteuer erlebt hatte, die man liebte und bewunderte, um die man gebangt und für die man gehofft hatte, und ohne deren Gesellschaft einem das Leben leer und sinnlos schien -
Wer nichts von alledem aus eigener Erfahrung kennt, nun, der wird wahrscheinlich nicht begreifen können, was Bastian jetzt tat.”
― Michael Ende, The Neverending Story

“Paradise will be a kind of library”
― Jorge Luis Borges

“A good book will pull you in from the beginning and take you on a journey you'll never forget.”
― Lauren Hammond

“A big book is like a serious relationship; it requires a commitment. Not only that, but there's no guarantee that you will enjoy it, or that it will have a happy ending. Kind of like going out with a girl, having to spend time every day with her - with absolutely no guarantee of nailing her in the end. No thanks.”
― Mick Foley

“لا أحب الكتب الجديدة .. أنها تمنعني من قراءة الكتب القديمة”
― Joseph Joubert

“Jake went in, aware that he had, for the first time in three weeks, opened a door without hoping madly to find another world on the other side. A bell jingled overhead. The mild, spicy smell of old books hit him, and the smell was somehow like coming home.”
― Stephen King, The Waste Lands

“So Mo began filling the silence with words. He lured them out of the pages as if they had only been waiting for his voice, words long and short, words sharp and soft, cooing, purring words. They danced through the room, painting stained glass pictures, tickling the skin. Even when Meggie nodded off she could still hear them, although Mo had closed the book long ago. Words that explained the world to her, its dark side and its light side, words that built a wall to keep out bad dreams. And not a single bad dream came over that wall for the rest of the night.”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkheart

“All I could determine was that it must have been a nice thing to see if it was a house you were thinking about moving into. But not so nice if it was the house you were moving out from. I could practically hear Mr Collins, who had taught my fifth-grade English class and was still the most intimidating teacher I'd ever had, yelling at me. "Amy Curry," I could still hear him intoning, "never end a sentence with a preposition!" Irked that after six hears he was still mentally correcting me, I told the Mr. Collins in my head to off fuck.”
― Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour

“Know yourself and go in swinging, if it hurts when you hit, it might be real, too.”
― Patrick Ness, More Than This

“Our experience is coloured through and through by books and plays and the cinema, and it takes patience and skill to disentangle the things we have really learned from life for ourselves.”
― C.S. Lewis

“A precious, mouldering pleasure ’t is
To meet an antique book,
In just the dress his century wore;
A privilege, I think.”
― Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson

“A great book is a homing device
For navigating paradise.

A good book somehow makes you care
About the comfort of a chair.

A bad book owes to many trees
A forest of apologies.”
― J. Patrick Lewis

“In the dark, with the windows lit and the rows of books glittering, the library is a closed space, a universe of self-serving rules that pretend to replace or translate those of the shapeless universe beyond. ”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“I read to be alone. I read so as not to be alone.”
― Bich Minh Nguyen, Stealing Buddha's Dinner

“The airport bookstore did not sell books, only bestsellers, which Sita Dulip cannot read without risking a severe systemic reaction.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes

“فإني قرأت كتاباً في تعريف الجمال كثيرة، فلم اجد احد من تعريف طاغور: "إن الجمال هو الاخلاص”
― علي الطنطاوي, مقالات في كلمات

“Books ought to have good endings.How would this do: and they all settled down and lived together happily ever after?”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“This earth that we live on is full of stories in the same way that, for a fish, the ocean is full of ocean. Some people say when we are born we’re born into stories. I say we’re also born from stories.”
― Ben Okri

“I love books, they're in my blood.”
― Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever

“We human beings build houses because we're alive but we write books because we're mortal. We live in groups because we're sociable but we read because we know we're alone. Reading offers a kind of companionship that takes no one's place but that no one can replace either. It offers no definitive explanation of our destiny but links us inextricably to life. Its tiny secret links remind us of how paradoxically happy we are to be alive while illuminating how tragically absurd life is.”
― Daniel Pennac

“There is, of course, this to be said for the Omnibus Book in general and this one in particular. When you buy it, you have got something. The bulk of this volume makes it almost the ideal paper-weight. The number of its pages assures its posessor of plenty of shaving paper on his vacation. Place upon the waistline and jerked up and down each morning, it will reduce embonpoint and strengthen the abdominal muscles. And those still at their public school will find that between, say, Caesar's Commentaries in limp cloth and this Jeeves book there is no comparison as a missile in an inter-study brawl.”
― P.G. Wodehouse, The World of Jeeves

“A good book will give you answers to questions you didn't know you had. A great book will give you questions to answers you thought you knew.”
― Beth Revis, Give the Dark My Love

“Writers are not here to conform. We are here to challenge. We're not here to be comfortable—we're here, really, to shake things up. That's our job.”
― Jeanette Winterson

“Literature illuminates life only for those to whom books are a necessity.”
― Anthony Powell

“...through reading, the modern man succeeds in obtaining an "escape from time" comparable to the "emegence from time" effected by myths. (...) Reading projects him out if his personal duration and incorporates him into other rythms, makes him live in another "history".”
― Mircea Eliade, The Sacred and the Profane: The Nature of Religion

“In my living room there are two large bookcases, each one eight feet tall, and they have about five hundred books between them. If I step up to a shelf and look at the books one by one, I can remember something about each. As a historian once said, some stare at me reproachfully, grumbling that I have never read them. One may remind me vaguely of a time when I was interested in romantic novels. An old college text will elicit a pang of unhappiness about studying. Each book has its character, and even books I know very well also have this kind of wordless flavor. Now if I step back from the shelf and look quickly across both bookcases I speed up that same process a hundredfold. Impressions wash across my awareness. But each book still looks back in its own way, answering the rude brevity of my gaze, calling faintly to me out of the corner of my eye. At that speed many books remain wrapped in the shadows of my awareness--I know I have looked past them and I know they are there, but I refuse to call them to mind.”
― James Elkins, The Object Stares Back: On the Nature of Seeing

“To all my librarian friends, champions of books, true magicians in the House of Life. Without you, this writer would be lost in the Dust.”
― Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid

“We are so overwhelmed with quantities of books, that we hardly realize any more that a book can be valuable, valuable like a jewel, or a lovely picture, into which you can look deeper and deeper and get a more profound experience very time. It is far, far better to read one book six times, at intervals, than to read six several books.”
― D.H. Lawrence, Apocalypse

“These stories were very old, as old as people, and they had survived because they were very powerful indeed. They were the tales that echoed in the head long after the books that contained them were cast aside. They were both an escape from reality and an alternative reality themselves. They were so old, and so strange, that they had found a kind of existence independent of the pages they occupied. The world of the old tales existed parallel to ours, but sometimes the walls separating the two became so thing and brittle that the two worlds started to blend into each other. That was when the trouble started. That was when the bad things came. That was when the Crooked Man began to appear to David.”
― John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things

“She was completely alone in the world. There was no one at all for her. No one in the world who cared whether she lived or died. Sometimes the horror of that thought threatened to overwhelm her and plunge her down into a bottomless darkness from which there would be no return. If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel

“She reads a lot of books. Good things, books.”
― Thorne Smith

“The wonderful thing about books is that they allow us to enter imaginatively into someone else’s life. And when we do that, we learn to sympathize with other people. But the real surprise is that we also learn truths about ourselves, about our own lives, that somehow we hadn’t been able to see before.”
― Katherine Paterson

“...I tell myself it does not matter what one reads--favorite authors, particular themes--as long as we read something. It is not even important to own the books.”
― Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand

“Luckily, even as a young man not yet become himself, John Bridgens had two things besides indecision that kept him from self-destruction - books and a sense of irony.”
― Dan Simmons, The Terror

“As it unfolded, the structure of the story began to remind me of one of those Russian dolls that contain innumerable ever-smaller dolls within. Step by step the narrative split into a thousand stories, as if it had entered a gallery of mirrors, its identity fragmented into endless reflections.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“إحدى يديه كانت منهمكة بالعبث في خصلات شعري
والأخرى كان ينفث بها سيجارته ،
إلتقطتها منه بغضب وبإمتعاض ممقوت
وهمست له :
دعها تلك اللعينة فلن أسمح بأن تشاركني فيك !”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“But I think the most important thing those books gave me was a kind of faith. My books promised me that life wasn’t just made up of workaday tasks and prosaic things. The world is bigger and more colorful and more important than that.”
― Laura Amy Schlitz, The Hired Girl

“the depth of a person's character is not measured by his or her physical strength, but by the depth of his or her nobility.”
― Frank Peretti

“You can't judge a book by it's cover but you can sure sell a bunch of books if you have a good one.”
― Jayce O'Neal

“Jesus did many other things as well. If every one of them were written down, I suppose that even the whole world would not have room for the books that would be written.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version

“I will read long books and the journals of dead writers. I will feel closer to them than I ever felt to people I used to know before I withdrew from the world. It will be sweet and cool this friendship of mine with dead poets, for I won’t have to touch them or answer their questions. They will talk to me and not expect me to answer. And I’ll get sleepy listening to their voices explaining the mysteries to me. I’ll fall asleep with the book still in my fingers, and it will rain.”
― Tennessee Williams, 27 Wagons Full of Cotton and Other Plays

“Unless their use by readers bring them to life, books are indeed dead things.”
― Lawrence Clark Powell

“There is a line of poetry, a sentence in a fable, a word in an essay, by which my existence is justified; find that line, and immortality is assured.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“And while they're being told, stories create the energy that makes this world go. They keep our stars in place. They make our grass grow.”
― Melissa Albert, The Hazel Wood

“Soon enough his head would be swimming with tales of derring-do and high adventure, tales of beautiful maidens kissed, of evildoers shot with pistols or fought with swords, of bags of gold, of diamonds as big as the tip of your thumb, of lost cities and of vast mountains, of steam-trains and clipper ships, of pampas, oceans, deserts, tundra.”
― Neil Gaiman

“Not being the sort to throw a book, she pounded her fist on her cushion.”
― Ellen Kushner

“Shelving books incorrectly is as good as stealing them. It's almost worse.”
― Paul Acampora, I Kill the Mockingbird

“How do you explain to a nonreader that books aren't just things but treasured friends? Companions?”
― Laura Jensen Walker, Daring Chloe

“There are books for when you’re bored. Plenty of them. There are books for when you’re calm. The best kind, in my opinion. There are also books for when you’re sad. And there are books for when you’re happy. There are books for when you’re thirsty for knowledge. And there are books for when you’re desperate. The latter are the kind of books Ulises Lima and Belano wanted to write.”
― Roberto Bolaño, The Savage Detectives

“God, I don't love much but I love words.”
― Stephanie Butland, Lost For Words

“We are never allowed to forget that some books are badly written; we should remember that sometimes they're badly read, too.”
― Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree

“Like the bodies of dancers or athletes, the minds of readers are genuinely happy and self-possessed only when cavorting around, doing their stretches and leaps and jumps to the tune of words.”
― Lynne Sharon Schwartz, Ruined By Reading: A Life in Books

“My mother was an avid reader...She loved books about romance. Books that took place in faraway places and times. Stories with costumes...”
― Adriana Trigiani

“You can't ever have my books.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“They grew; they did not talk about growing.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“I love book books, real books, books with spines and heart, dust jackets, books that smell of books. Take the frame from a painting and you have a painting, not art. Take the pages from a book and print them on a screen and you have the ghost of a book. Not a book.”
― Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love

“Standing there, staring at the long shelves crammed with books, I felt myself relax and was suddenly at peace.”
― Helene Hanff, Q's Legacy: A Delightful Account of a Lifelong Love Affair with Books

“Our great mistake in education is, as it seems to me, the worship of book-learning–the confusion of instruction and education. We strain the memory instead of cultivating the mind. The children in our elementary schools are wearied by the mechanical act of writing, and the interminable intricacies of spelling; they are oppressed by columns of dates, by lists of kings and places, which convey no definite idea to their minds, and have no near relation to their daily wants and occupations; while in our public schools the same unfortunate results are produced by the weary monotony of Latin and Greek grammar. We ought to follow exactly the opposite course with children–to give them a wholesome variety of mental food, and endeavor to cultivate their tastes, rather than to fill their minds with dry facts. The important thing is not so much that every child should be taught, as that every child should be given the wish to learn. What does it matter if the pupil know a little more or a little less? A boy who leaves school knowing much, but hating his lessons, will soon have forgotten almost all he ever learned; while another who had acquired a thirst for knowledge, even if he had learned little, would soon teach himself more than the first ever knew.”
― John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life

“Every face, every shop, bedroom window, public-house, and dark square is a picture feverishly turned--in search of what? It is the same with books. What do we seek through millions of pages?”
― Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room

“Lolita is famous, not I. I am an obscure, doubly obscure, novelist with an unpronounceable name.”
― Vladimir Nabokov

“You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“All novels are sequels; influence is bliss.”
― Michael Chabon

“While we are looking for the antidote or the medicine to cure us, that is, the 'new', which can only be found by plunging deep into the Unknown, we have to go on exploring sex, books, and travel, although we know that they lead us to the abyss, which, as it happens, is the only place where the antidote can be found.”
― Roberto Bolano(Literature+Illness=Illness)

“The House Was Quiet and the World Was Calm

The house was quiet and the world was calm.
The reader became the book; and summer night

Was like the conscious being of the book.
The house was quiet and the world was calm.

The words were spoken as if there was no book,
Except that the reader leaned above the page,

Wanted to lean, wanted much to be
The scholar to whom his book is true, to whom

The summer night is like a perfection of thought.
The house was quiet because it had to be.

The quiet was part of the meaning, part of the mind:
The access of perfection to the page.

And the world was calm. The truth in a calm world,
In which there is no other meaning, itself

Is calm, itself is summer and night, itself
Is the reader leaning late and reading there.”
― Wallace Stevens, Transport to Summer

“In your hands winter
is a book with cloud pages
that snow pearls of love.”
― Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry

“A soul trembling to sit by a hearth so bright,
To exist again, it’s enough if I borrow from
Your lips the breath of my name you murmur all night.”
― Stéphane Mallarme

“Books turn people into isolated individuals, and once that's happened, the road only grows rockier. Books wire you to want to be Steve McQueen, but the world wants you to be SMcQ23667bot@hotmail.com.”
― Douglas Coupland, Generation A

“Sir,’ said Stephen, ‘I read novels with the utmost pertinacity. I look upon them--I look upon good novels--as a very valuable part of literature, conveying more exact and finely-distinguished knowledge of the human heart and mind than almost any other, with greater breadth and depth and fewer constraints.”
― Patrick O'Brian, The Nutmeg of Consolation

“مهما كان توجهك في الحياة حاول في كل يوم أن تبذل القليل من الجهد لقراءة المقالات أو الكتب التي تخالفك الرأي وكل ما تفعله هو توسيع مدراكك وفتح قلبك أمام الجديد من الأفكار وسيقلل هذا الإنفتاح الجديد من التوتر الذي يسببه الإبتعاد عن وجهات النظر الأخرى وهذا التمرين بالإضافة إلى كونه شائقاً سوف يساعدك على رؤية البراءة في تصرفات الغير علاوة على مساعدتك في التحلي بالمزيد من الصبر كما سيزداد استرخاؤك وتصبح إنساناً أعمق فلسفة لأنك ستبدأ بإدراك المنطق وراء وجهات النظر الأخرى.”
― ريتشارد كارلسون

“I know what loves are trembling into fire; how jealousy shoots its green flashes hither and thither; how intricately love crosses love; love makes knots; love brutally tears them apart. I have been knotted; I have been torn apart.”
― Virginia Woolf, The Waves

“There are books that one reads over and over again, books that become part of the furniture of one’s mind and alter one’s whole attitude to life, books that one dips into but never reads through, books that one reads at a single sitting and forgets a week later:”
― George Orwell, A Collection of Essays

“Books are precious things, but more than that, they are the strong backbone of civilization. They are the thread upon which it all hangs, and they can save us when all else is lost.”
― Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man

“Books can do many things, but not everything. We have to live the important things, not read them.”
― Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop

“If time heals all wounds, and a book can hold a person's entire life, then you can speed up the process with a pulp time warp.”
― Deb Caletti, Honey, Baby, Sweetheart

“Great literature is simply language charged with meaning to the utmost possible degree.”
― Ezra Pound, ABC of Reading

“The books we read help to shape who we are. Reading offers us, as children, our first independence- allowing us to travel far beyond the confines of our immediate world. Books introduce us to great figures in history, narratives that stir our spirit, fictions that tug us out of ourselves and into the lives of a thousand others, and visions of every era through which human beings have lived. And in the process of stretching who we are, books also connect us to all others- of our own or previous times- who have read what we've read. In the community of readers, we instantly become linked to those who share our love for specific characters or passages.

A well-composed book,' says Caroline Gordon, 'is a magic carpet on which we are wafted to a world that we cannot enter in any other way.”
― Ben Jacobs, The Quotable Book Lover

“We are the children of a technological age. We have found streamlined ways of doing much of our routine work. Printing is no longer the only way of reproducing books. Reading them, however, has not changed.”
― Lawrence Clark Powell

“Un buen escritor se aprecia mejor por lo que rompe que por lo que publica.”
― Gabriel Garcia Marquez

“The books brought brilliance to my life, and they brought an understanding: Life is a story. Everything that has happened and will happen to me is all part of the story of this enchanted place - all the dreams and visions and understandings that come to me in my dungeon cell. The books helped me see the truth is not in the touch of the stone but in what the stone tells you.”
― Rene Denfeld, The Enchanted

“The world has been printing books for 450 years, and yet gunpowder still has a wider circulation. Never mind! Printer's ink is the greater explosive: it will win.”
― Christopher Morley

“Some of us find our lives abridged even before the paperback comes out. ”
― Berkeley Breathed

“Oh well, maybe the only beauty left in cities is in the oil slicks on the road and maybe there isn't any beauty left in the people who live in these places.”
― Rita Mae Brown, Rubyfruit Jungle

“* نجلاء ..
نجلااااء ...
نجلااااااااء ... .
- الساعة الآن التاسعة صباحاً إنهضي
وإنفضي عن وسادتكِ رذاذ الأحلام ،
كان هذا صوتها أمي لتفيقني من ذاك
الحلم الذي كنت أهذي به كل ليلة !
تمنيت حينها لو أصيبت ذاكرتي بغيبوبة عن
واقع لا يحتويه ،
عن واقع لا يعانق وجوده !
أفقت وكعادتي أمضي إلى طريق مجهول
ومسافات غريبة أحمل حقائب أحلامي
وأجمع بها لوحاتي وأمل أتسكع به
على دهاليز مدينتي الباريسية !”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“The function of a book is to provide a reading experience.”
― Douglas Rushkoff

“To write a book is for all the world like humming a song—be but in tune with yourself, madam, 'tis no matter how high or how low you take it.”
― Laurence Sterne, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman

“I think we ought to read only books that bite and sting us. If the book we are reading doesn't shake us awake like a blow on the skull, why bother reading it in the first place? So that it can make us happy, as you put it? Good God, we'd be just as happy if we had no books at all; books that make us happy we could, in a pinch, also write ourselves. What we need are books that hit us like a most painful misfortune, like the death of someone we loved more than we love ourselves, that make us feel as though we had been banished to the woods, far from any human presence, like a suicide. A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us. That is what I believe.”
― Franz Kafka

“Betsy returned to her chair, took off her coat and hat, opened her book and forgot the world again.”
― Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown

“There are good books which are only for adults.
There are no good books which are only for children.”
― W. H. Auden

“When I am dead, I hope it may be said, 'His sins were scarlet, but his books were read.”
― Hillaire Belloc

“The world belongs to those who read.”
― Rick Holland

“When you read to a child, when you put a book in a child's hands, you are bringing that child news of the infinitely varied nature of life. You are an awakener.”
― Paula Fox

“Life happened because I turned the pages.”
― Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading

“Those of us who are blamed when old for reading childish books were blamed when children for reading books too old for us.”
― C.S. Lewis

“The problem in our country isn't with books being banned, but with people no longer reading. You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“A library could show you everything if you knew where to look.”
― Pat Conroy, My Reading Life

“But the penciled sheets did not seem like nor smell like the library book so she had given it up, consoling herself with the vow that when she grew up, she would work hard, save money and buy every single book that she liked.”
― Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn

“-- that books were mirrors, reflective in sometimes unpredictable ways.”
― Wally Lamb, I Know This Much Is True

“We were never organized readers who would see a book through to its end in any sory of logical order. We weave in and out of words like tourists on a hop-on, hop-off bus tour. Put a book down in the kitchen to go to the bathroom and you might return to find it gone, replaced by another of equal interest. We are indiscriminate.”
― Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters

“The perception of beauty is a moral test.”
― Henry David Thoreau

“بربك لا تبكِ بكاء المظلوم !
إن زرت أوطاني يوماً ولمحت نوافذ إنتظاري مغلقة
وأبواب فقدي لك مؤصدة ،
بربك لا تبكِ بكاء المظلوم !
إن إحتفلوا بيوم ميلادك وبحثت عن صوتي بينهم ..
ولم تجده ؟ وبحثت عن هداياي من بين هداياهم ولم تصلك”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“We keep quiet about what we read. Our enjoyment of a book remains a jealously guarded secret. Perhaps because there`s no need to talk, or because it takes time to distill what we've read before we can say anything. Silence is our guarantee of intimacy. We might have finished reading but we`re still living
the book.”
― Daniel Pennac

“I had spent the day
friendless, lonely and sad,
a stranger to myself.



After drowning the day
on the sea shore,
I walked back
to my empty house
on the deserted street.



The moment
I opened the door,
the book on my table
flipped its pages
and said:

"Friend,
Where were you
for so long?”
― Gulzar

“The books—the generous friends who met me without suspicion—the merciful masters who never used me ill! The only years of my life that I can look back on with something like pride... Early and late, through the long winter nights and the quiet summer days, I drank at the fountain of knowledge, and never wearied of the draught.”
― Wilkie Collins, Armadale

“Epics are never written about libraries. They exist on whim; it depends on if the conquering army likes to read.”
― Patricia A. Mckillip

“Ordinarily my mom just sunk deeper into her corner of the couch and ignored it. She had succesfully ignored a quarter of a century of entropy and decay, had sat peacefully crunching popcorn and drinking soda while the house fell down around us. If I had to guess the number of books she read during that time, I would place the number at somewhere in the neighborhood of forty thousand.”
― Haven Kimmel

“-You're pretty hard-boiled, Tinker Bell.
-Call me that name again and you'll be wondering how your bollocks wound up lodged in your windpipe--from below. Just because we don't get to your side of things much anymore doesn't mean we don't know anything. 'If you believe in fairies, clap your hands!' If you believe in fairies, kiss my rosy pink arse is more like it. Now are you going to shut your gob or not?”
― Tad Williams, The War of the Flowers

“The first time I read an excellent work, it is to me just as if I gained a new friend; and when I read over a book I have perused before, it resembles the meeting of an old one.”
― James Goldsmith

“And so I'm me again, Leo. Thanks to the example of a five-year-old. I'm hoping you wouldn't want it any other way. Not that you weren't flattered, right? I mean, to have a girl two thousand miles away going to pieces over you, weeping at the mere memory of you, losing her appetite, losing herself and self-respect - well, that's trophy enough for any guy's ego, huh?”
― Jerry Spinelli

“With thought, patience, and discrimination, book passion becomes the signature of a person's character. ”
― Nicholas A. Basbanes, A Gentle Madness: Bibliophiles, Bibliomanes and the Eternal Passion for Books

“Books and drafts mean something quite different for different thinkers. One collects in a book the lights he was able to steal and carry home swiftly out of the rays of some insight that suddenly dawned on him, while another thinker offers us nothing but shadows - images in black and grey of what had built up in his soul the day before.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science

“--You're rather well read for a working-class girl, she said with her back to me.
--Really? I've found that all my well-read friends are from the working class.
--Oh my. Why do you think that is? The purity of poverty?
--No. It's just that reading is the cheapest form of entertainment.
--Sex is the cheapest form of entertainment.
--Not in this house.”
― Amor Towles, Rules of Civility

“In a library we are surrounded by many hundreds of dear friends, but they are imprisoned by an enchanter in these paper and leathern boxes; and though they know us, and have been waiting two, ten, or twenty centuries for us,—some of them,—and are eager to give us a sign and unbosom themselves, it is the law of their limbo that they must not speak until spoken to; and as the enchanter has dressed them, like battalions of infantry, in coat and jacket of one cut, by the thousand and ten thousand, your chance of hitting on the right one is to be computed by the arithmetical rule of Permutation and Combination,—not a choice out of three caskets, but out of half a million caskets, all alike.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“To admit authorities, however heavily furred and gowned, into our libraries and let them tell us how to read, what to read, what value to place upon what we read, is to destroy the spirit of freedom which is the breath of those sanctuaries. Everywhere else we may be bound by laws and conventions—there we have none.”
― Virginia Woolf, The Second Common Reader

“Se puede vivir sin leer, es cierto: pero también se puede vivir sin amar: el argumento hace aguas como una balsa capitaneada por ratas... Sólo quien ha estado enamorado sabe lo que el amor regala y quita: sólo quien ha leído sabe si la vida merece la pena de ser vivida sin la conciencia de aquellos hombres y mujeres que nos han escrito mil veces antes de que naciéramos. Y que nadie se sonría ante estas líneas. Por una vez, y sin que sirva de precedente, han sido escritas sólo desde la emoción.”
― Ricardo Menéndez Salmón, El corrector

“A book with the genuine power to stir and comfort its readers.”
― Mitch Albom

“I wanted more time with the books. I wanted to spend the day in a quiet corner, sitting against a window, lost in words and worlds I had never been given access to.”
― Kiersten White, The Dark Descent of Elizabeth Frankenstein

“The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.”
― Jess C. Scott, The Darker Side of Life

“A book had always been a door to another world... a world much more interesting and fantastical than reality. But she had finally discovered that life could be even more wonderful than fantasy.

And that love could fill the real world with magic.”
― Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring

“He was a very private person, and sometimes it seemed to me that he was no longer interested in the world or in other people... I got the feeling that Julián was living in the past, locked in his memories. Julián lived within himself, for his books and inside them - a comfortable prison of his own design."

"You say this as if you envied him."

"There are worse prisons than words.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“What are books but tangible dreams? What is reading if it is not dreaming? The best books cause us to dream; the rest are not worth reading.”
― Rikki Ducornet, The Fan-Maker's Inquisition: A Novel of the Marquis de Sade

“Words and a book and a belief that the world is words...”
― David Foster Wallace, The Broom of the System

“He kissed me for a long moment, holding my shoulders, perhaps to keep me from pressing my whole body against his. Then he tried to lift my bag.

"My God," he said. "What happened?"

"I found out one may check out twenty books at a time from the school library.”
― Laura Whitcomb, A Certain Slant of Light

“A good book, he had concluded, leaves you wanting to reread the book. A great book compels you to reread your own soul. Such books were for him rare and, as he aged, rarer. Still he searched, one more Ithaca for which he was forever bound.”
― Richard Flanagan, The Narrow Road to the Deep North

“The greatest book is not the one whose message engraves itself on the brain, as a telegraphic message engraves itself on the ticker-tape, but the one whose vital impact opens up other viewpoints, and from writer to reader spreads the fire that is fed by the various essences, until it becomes a vast conflagration leaping from forest to forest.”
― Romain Rolland

“The first time I read an excellent book, it is to me just as if I had gained a new friend. When I read a book over I have perused before, it resembles the meeting with an old one.”
― Oliver Goldsmith, The Citizen of the World, Or, Letters from a Chinese Philosopher, Residing in London, to His Friends in the Country, by Dr. Goldsmith

“I wanted to read immediately. The only fear was that of books coming to an end.”
― Eudora Welty (One Writer's Beginnings)

“Military people never seem to apologize for killing each other yet novelists feel ashamed for writing some nice inert paper book that is not certain to be read by anybody.”
― Leonora Carrington, The Hearing Trumpet

“She liked books more than anything else, and was, in fact, always inventing stories of beautiful things and telling them to herself.”
― Frances Hodgson Burnett

“[Kieran]his head propped on a stack of poetry books he’d brought from the library. Almost all of them had been inscribed on the inside cover by a James Herondale, who had neatly written out his favorite lines.”
― Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows

“Reading is entering into the consciousness of another human being.”
― Gary Shteyngart

“I seem to know all the cliches, but not how to put them together in a believable way. Or else these stories are terrible and grandiose precisely because all the cliches intertwine in an unrealistic way and you can't disentangle them. But when you actually live a cliche, it feels brand new, and you are unashamed.”
― Umberto Eco

“Great novels are always a little more intelligent than their authors.”
― Milan Kundera

“The novelist’s happy discovery was to think of substituting for those opaque sections, impenetrable by the human spirit, their equivalent in immaterial sections, things, that is, which the spirit can assimilate to itself. After which it matters not that the actions, the feelings of this new order of creatures appear to us in the guise of truth, since we have made them our own, since it is in ourselves that they are happening, that they are holding in thrall, while we turn over, feverishly, the pages of the book, our quickened breath and staring eyes. And once the novelist has brought us to that state, in which, as in all purely mental states, every emotion is multiplied ten-fold, into which his book comes to disturb us as might a dream, but a dream more lucid, and of a more lasting impression than those which come to us in sleep; why, then, for the space of an hour he sets free within us all the joys and sorrows in the world, a few of which, only, we should have to spend years of our actual life in getting to know, and the keenest, the most intense of which would never have been revealed to us because the slow course of their development stops our perception of them.”
― Marcel Proust, Swann's Way

“A library is an ever-growing entity; it multiples seemingly unaided, it reproduces itself by purchase, theft, borrowings, gifts, by suggesting gaps through association, by demanding completion of sorts.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“If you've ever read one of those articles that asks notable people to list their favorite books, you may have been impressed or daunted to see them pick Proust or Thomas Mann or James Joyce. You might even feel sheepish about the fact that you reread Pride and Prejudice or The Lord of the Rings, or The Catcher in the Rye or Gone With the Wind every couple of years with some much pleasure. Perhaps, like me, you're even a little suspicious of their claims, because we all know that the books we've loved best are seldom the ones we esteem the most highly - or the ones we'd most like other people to think we read over and over again.”
― Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia

“My breath catches, responding to an unfamiliar pull in my chest, an ache in my soul. I shouldn’t miss him, but I do; this boy who had every right to pull that trigger, and instead threw himself between me and death. This boy, the only one who believes I’m not what they say I am what I believed I was; a soldier without a soul, a girl with no heart to break. He’s the only one who’s proved me wrong.”
― Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World

“He began to read at haphazard. He entered upon each system with a little thrill of excitement, expecting to find in each some guide by which he could rule his conduct; he felt himself like a traveller in unknown countries and as he pushed forward the enterprise fascinated him; he read emotionally, as other men read pure literature, and his heart leaped as he discovered in noble words what himself had obscurely felt.”
― W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage

“For me, reading is so much more. Books teach you how other people think, and what they're feeling, and how they change from ordinary beings to extraordinary ones. Often they are so appealing and intelligent, you'd rather spend time reading about them than doing anything else.”
― Jennifer Kaufman and Karen Mack

“The library knows that it is a temporary fix. We have a stamp for the inside front cover: BROKEN SPINE NOTED. It is like a bracelet worn by a diabetic. When you return the book with this message stamped inside, we know you're not the one responsible for this horrible thing. It was some other bastard before you. The book has a preexisting condition.”
― Don Borchert

“This is what reading is like to me. It's finding a spring in the midst of a barren land. Just when I think I might up and die of thirst, I stumble onto this fresh, cold water, and I'm suddenly given this new life because I can-and do-drink to my heart's content.”
― Beverly Lewis The Betrayal

“If a book cover has raised lettering, metallic lettering, or raised metallic lettering, then it is telling the reader: Hello. I am an easy-to-read work on espionage, romance, a celebrity, and/or murder. To readers who do not care for such things, this lettering tells them: Hello. I am crap.”
― Paul Collins, Sixpence House: Lost in a Town of Books

“It's red hot, mate. I hate to think of this sort of book getting in the wrong hands. As soon as I've finished this, I shall recommend they ban it.”
― Tony Hancock

“I might love my e-reader, but I'd never pass up the chance to browse real books.”
― Nichole Chase, Suddenly Royal

“Reading things that are relevant to the facts of your life is of limited value. The facts are, after all, only the facts, and the yearning passionate part of you will not be met there. That is why reading ourselves as a fiction as well as fact is so liberating. The wider we read the freer we become.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“Books long to be read as we humans long to be loved.”
― Keira Michelle Telford, The Housemistress

“The servants used to say, 'he read himself silly.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment

“All good and true book-lovers practice the pleasing and improving avocation of reading in bed ... No book can be appreciated until it has been slept with and dreamed over.”
― Eugene Field, The Love Affairs of a Bibliomaniac

“In a word, literature is my Utopia. Here I am not disfranchised. No barrier of the senses shuts me out from the sweet, gracious discourse of my book-friends. They talk to me without embarrassment or awkwardness. The things I have learned and the things I have been taught seem of ridiculously little importance compared with their "large loves and heavenly charities.”
― Helen Keller, The Story of My Life

“There are worse prisons than words.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“Opportunity may knock only once but temptation leans on the door bell”
― Oprah Winfrey, Oprah Winfrey Speaks: Insights from the World's Most Influential Voice

“She never managed to find herself in these books no matter how hard she tried, exhuming traits from between the pages and donning them for an hour, a day, a week. We think in some ways, we have all done this our whole lives, searching for the book that will give us the keys to ourselves, let us into a wholly formed personality as though it were a furnished room to let. As though we could walk in and look around and say to the gray-haired landlady behind us, "We'll take it.”
― Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters

“Das war ein Vorspiel nur; dort wo man Bücher verbrennt, verbrennt man auch am Ende Menschen."

(Almansor)”
― Heinrich Heine, Gesammelte Werke

“a true piece of writing is a dangerous thing. It can change your life.”
― Tobias Wolff, Old School

“A long time ago, I opened a book, and this is what I found inside: a whole new world. It isn't the world I live in, although sometimes it looks a lot like it. Sometimes, though, it feels closest to my world when it doesn't look like it at all. That world is enormous, yet it all fits inside an everyday object. I don't have to keep everything I find there, but what I choose to take with me is more precious than anything I own, and there is always more where that came from. The world I found was inside a book, and then that world turned out to be made of even more books, each of which led to yet another world. It goes on forever and ever. At nine I thought I must get to Narnia or die. It would be a long time before I understood that I was already there.”
― Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia

“Some people claim that it is okay to read trashy novels because sometimes you can find something valuable in them. You can also find a crust of bread in a garbage can, if you search long enough, but there is a better way.”
― Jim Rohn

“I enjoy books as misers enjoy treasures, because I know I can enjoy them whenever I please.”
― Michel de Montaigne

“I think we ought to read only the kind of books that wound and stab us. If the book we’re reading doesn’t wake us up with a blow on the head, what are we reading it for?”
― Franz Kafka, Letters to Friends, Family, and Editors

“Someone was coming through the velvet.

He was pulling it wide, he was stepping onto Kestrel’s balcony—close, closer still as she turned and the curtain swayed, then stopped. He pinned the velvet against frame. He held the sweep of it high, at the level of his gray eyes, which were silver in the shadows.

He was here. He had come.

Arin.”
― Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime

“The characters within a book were, from a certain point of view, identical on some fundamental level ‒ there weren't any images of them, no physical tangibility whatsoever. They were pictures in the reader's head, constructs of imagination and ideas, given shape by the writer's work and skill and the reader's imagination. Parents, of a sort.”
― Jim Butcher, Small Favor

“...some people might think our lives dull and uneventful, but it does not seem so to us. ...it is not travel and adventure that make a full life. There are adventures of the spirit and one can travel in books and interest oneself in people and affairs. One need ever be dull as long as one has friends to help, gardens to enjoy and books in the long winter evenings.”
― Dorothy Emily Stevenson, Listening Valley

“She was addicted to literature like some people were addicted to heroin.”
― Allie Burke, Emerald Destiny

“A truly good book is something as natural, and as unexpectedly and unaccountably fair and perfect, as a wild flower discovered on the prairies of the West or in the jungles of the East. Genius is a light which makes the darkness visible, like the lightning’s flash, which perchance shatters the temple of knowledge itself,--and not a taper lighted at the hearth-stone of the race, which pales before the light of common day.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walking

“We stopped to browse in the cases, and now that William - with his new glasses on his nose - could linger and read the books, at every title he discovered he let out exclamations of happiness, either because he knew the work, or because he had been seeking it for a long time, or finally because he had never heard it mentioned and was highly excited and titillated. In short, for him every book was like a fabulous animal that he was meeting in a strange land.”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“He helped the Librarian up. There was a red glow in the ape's eyes. It had tried to steal his books. This was probably the best proof any wizard could require that the trolleys were brainless.”
― Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man

“Stories are life," protested Pico. "Without them, books would be only paper and ink, with them they breathe, the reader is drawn in, the stories become him.”
― Keith Miller, The Book of Flying

“Writers shouldn't fear criticism. Instead, they should fear silence. Criticism is healthy. It gets people thinking about your work and, even better, it gets them talking and arguing. But as for silence -- it is the greatest killer of writers. So if you hate a book and want to hurt it -- don't talk about it. And if you hate my books -- please, for God's sake, shout it from the hills! ”
― Robert Fanney

“Books are boring," James said as he wrote.

"They line the walls like a thousand leather doorways to be opened into worlds unknown," I offered.”
― Laura Whitcomb, A Certain Slant of Light

“Certain unique books seem to be without forerunners or successors as far as their authors are concerned. Even though they may profoundly influence the work of other writers, for their creator they're complete, not leading anywhere.”
― Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle

“It doesn’t matter how long we’ve used something; all that matters is how awesome the thing replacing it is. MP3s and automobiles happen to be really, really awesome, whereas ebooks—at least so far—are fairly limited in their awesomeness.”
― John Green

“In reading, friendship is restored immediately to its original purity. With books there is no forced sociability. If we pass the evening with those friends—books—it’s because we really want to. When we leave them, we do so with regret and, when we have left them, there are none of those thoughts that spoil friendship: “What did they think of us?”—“Did we make a mistake and say something tactless?”—“Did they like us?”—nor is there the anxiety of being forgotten because of displacement by someone else. All such agitating thoughts expire as we enter the pure and calm friendship of reading.”
― Marcel Proust

“What a glut of books! Who can read them?”
― Robert Burton, The Anatomy of Melancholy

“These days, we've got booksellers in cities, in deserts, and in the middle of a rain forest; we've got travelling bookshops, and bookshops underground. We've got bookshops in barns, in caravans and in converted Victorian railway stations. We've even got booksellers selling books in the middle of a war.

Are bookshops still relevant? They certainly are.

All bookshops are full of stories, and stories want to be heard.”
― Jen Campbell, The Bookshop Book

“Narratives can make us understand. Photographs do something else: they haunt us.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Books are a finer world within the world. (1863)”
― Alexander Smith

“I have often reflected upon the new vistas that reading opened to me. I knew right there, in prison, that reading had changed forever the course of my life. As I see it today, the ability to read awoke inside me some long dormant craving to be mentally alive. I certainly wasn’t seeking any degree, the way a college confers a status symbol upon its students. My home made education gave me, with every additional book that I read, a little bit more sensitivity to the deafness, dumbness, and blindness that was afflicting the black race in America. Not long ago, an English writer telephoned me from London asking questions. One was, “What’s your alma mater?” I told him, “Books.” You will never catch me with a free fifteen minutes in which I’m not studying something I feel might be able to help the black man.”
― Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X

“Reading had never let me down before. It had always been the one sure thing.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“We have everything we need to be happy but we aren't happy. Something is missing...
It is not books you need, it's some of the things that are in books. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Your house, being the place in which you read, can tell us the position books occupy in your life, if they are a defense you set up to keep the outside world at a distance, if they are a dream into which you sink as if into a drug, or bridges you cast toward the outside, toward the world that interests you so much that you want to multiply and extend its dimensions through books.”
― Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler

“One is never alone with a book nearby, don't you agree? Every page reminds us of a day that has passed and makes us relive the emotions that filled it. Happy hours underlined in red pencil, dark ones in black...”
― Arturo Pérez-Reverte, The Club Dumas

“Tampaknya hanya buku yang paling pantas diceritakan dengan bangga oleh manusia beradab, bukan BMW, Mercedes, ataupun Volvo. Apabila ada manusia di zaman sekarang yang menyebut dirinya modern tetapi tidak mengindahkan buku, memilikinya, dan membacanya, maka dengan demikian manusia tersebut telah mengambil inisiatif menjadikan dirinya sebagai hewan.”
― Remy Sylado

“My parents would frisk me before family events. Before weddings, funerals, bar mitzvahs, and what have you. Because if they didn't, then the book would be hidden inside some pocket or other and as soon as whatever it was got under way I'd be found in a corner. That was who I was...that was what I did. I was the kid with the book.”
― Neil Gaiman

“Who is better off? The one who writes to revel in the voluptuousness of the life that surrounds them? Or the one who writes to escape the tediousness of that which awaits them outside? Whose flame will last longer?”
― Roman Payne

“my boy?
he is even
better than
books.
-fiction has nothing on you.”
― Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in This One

“To limit the press is to insult a nation; to prohibit reading of certain books is to declare the inhabitants to be either fools or slaves: such a prohibition ought to fill them with disdain.”
― Claude Adrien Helvetius, Treatise on Man: His Intellectual Faculties and His Education V1

“I shall keep my book on the table here, and read a little every morning as soon as I wake, for I know it will do me good, and help me through the day.”
― Louisa May Alcott

“A book,
a book full
of human touches,
of shirts,
a book
without loneliness, with men
and tools,
a book
is victory.”
― Pablo Neruda, Odes to Common Things

“Home is where your books are.”
― Kerstin Gier

“We have inhabited both the actual and the imaginary realms for a long time. But we don't live in either place the way our parents or ancestors did. Enchantment alters with age, and with the age.
We know a dozen Arthurs now, all of them true. The Shire changed irrevocably even in Bilbo's lifetime. Don Quixote went riding out to Argentina and met Jorge Luis Borges there. Plus c'est la même chose, plus ça change.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea

“This place is a mystery. A sanctuary. Every book, every volume you see, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it & the soul of those who read it & lived it & dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down it's pages, it's spirit grows & strengthens. In this place, books no longer remembered by anyone, books that are lost in time, live forever, waiting for the day when they will reach a new reader's hands, a new spirit...”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón

“It's important to read a book, but also to hold the book, to smell the book... it's perfume, it's incense, it's the dust of Egypt...”
― Ray Bradbury

“Books are humanity in print.”
― Barbara W. Tuchman

“I certainly couldn't have survived my childhood without books. All that deprivation and pain--abuse, broken home, a runaway sister, a brother with cancer--the books allowed me to withstand. They sustained me. I read still, prolifically, with great passion, but never like I read in those days: in those days it was life or death.”
― Junot Díaz

“From whichever side I start, I think I am in an old place where others have been before me.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“When someone gives me either a democratic or republican pamphlet, I throw it in their face. I’m a librarian, damn it! We only take book donations.”
― Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic

“The most important things in our intimate lives can't be discussed with strangers, except in books.”
― Edmund White, My Lives

“Lo poco que entiendo de la vida es por leer libros”
― Magalí Tajes Parga, Arde la vida: ¿Hasta cuándo vas a tener miedo?

“There is something fascinatingly awkward about an author photo. I'm drawn to those glossy shots in the back of books, mostly because the subjects never look happy to be there.”
― Pamela Ribon

“Free spirits have to soar." "True Religion”
― Ziggy Marley, The Best of Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers

“Reading is a majority skill but a minority art.”
― Julian Barnes, A Life with Books

“فأنا بدون القراءة، قراءة أي شيء، شأني شأن مدمن لا يجد سيجارة. لا أعرف كيف أنسى الوقت وأجعله غير مسموع في انتظام قلبي ونفسي.”
― عباس بيضون, ألبوم الخسارة

“A learned man is a sedentary, concentrated solitary enthusiast, who searches through books to discover some particular grain of truth upon which he has set his heart. If the passion for reading conquers him, his gains dwindle and vanish between his fingers. A reader, on the other hand, must check the desire for learning at the outset; if knowledge sticks to him well and good, but to go in pursuit of it, to read on a system, to become a specialist or an authority, is very apt to kill what suits us to consider the more humane passion for pure and disinterested reading.”
― Virginia Woolf

“On no days of our childhood did we live so fully perhaps as those we thought we had left behind without living them, those that we spent with a favourite book.”
― Marcel Proust, Days of Reading

“Books want to burn,' he says. 'They go up like that because - they're unstable, memories don't want to stay...”
― Bridget Collins, The Binding

“Geeks are not the world’s rowdiest people. We’re quiet and introspective, and usually more comfortable communing with our keyboards or a good book than each other. Our idea of how to paint the
Emerald City red involves light liquor, heavy munchies, and marathon sessions of video games of the ‘giant robots shooting each other and everything else in sight’ variety. We debate competing lines of software or gaming consoles with passion, and dissect every movie, television show, and novel in the science fiction, fantasy, and horror genres.

With as many of us as there are in this town, people inevitably find ways to cater to us when we get in the mood to spend our hard-earned dollars. Downtown Seattle boasts grandiose geek magnets, like the Experience Music Project and the Experience Science Fiction museum, but it has much humbler and far more obscure attractions too, like the place we all went to for our ship party that evening: a hole-in-the-wall bar called the Electric Penguin on Capitol Hill. ”
― Angela Korra’ti, Faerie Blood

“Teaching others, he corrected himself.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“...ending a book with a sequel in such a way that the reader still has faith in the characters and in the writer. That's finesse.”
― Shandy L. Kurth

“Whenever you read a good book, somewhere in the world a door opens to allow in more light.”
― Vera Nazarian

“Temeraire said, 'It is very nice how many books there are, indeed. And on so many subjects!”
― Naomi Novik, His Majesty's Dragon

“Last night I thought about all the kerosene I've used in the past ten years. And I thought about books. And for the first time I realized that a man was behind each one of the books. A man had to think them up. A man had to take a long time to put them down on paper. And I'd never even thought that thought before...It took some man a lifetime maybe to put some of his thoughts down, looking around at the world and life, and then I come along in two minutes and boom! it's all over.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Yes, I read. I have that absurd habit. I like beautiful poems, moving poetry, and all the beyond of that poetry. I am extraordinarily sensitive to those poor, marvelous words left in our dark night by a few men I never knew.”
― Louis Aragon, Treatise on Style

“I believe in fiction and the power of stories because that way we speak in tongues. We are not silenced. All of us, when in deep trauma, find we hesitate, we stammer; there are long pauses in our speech. The thing is stuck. We get our language back through the language of others. We can turn to the poem. We can open the book. Somebody has been there for us and deep-dived the words.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“Instead, we'd do what we always did, the only thing we'd ever been dependably stellar at: we'd read.”
― Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters

“Books and movies, they are not mere entertainment. They sustain me and help me cope with my real life.”
― Arlaina Tibensky

“The young need discipline and a full bookcase.”
― Vivienne Westwood

“The only life worth living is the adventurous life. Of such a life the dominant characteristic is that it is unafraid. It is unafraid of what other people think...It does not adapt either its pace or its objectives to the pace and objectives of its neighbors. It thinks its own thoughts, it reads its own books. It develops its own hobbies, and it is governed by its own conscience. The herd may graze where it pleases or stampede where it pleases, but he who lives the adventurous life will remain unafraid when he finds himself alone.”
― Raymond B. Fosdick

“History proves there is no better advertisement for a book than to condemn it for obscenity.”
― Holbrook Jackson

“Books are, let's face it, better than everything else. If we played Cultural Fantasy Boxing League, and made books go fifteen rounds in the ring against the best that any other art form had to offer, then books would win pretty much every time.”
― Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree

“Books hold no passports. There's only one true literary tradition: the human.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“As I walked, I ran my fingers along the spines of hundreds of books. I let myself be imbued with the smell, with the light that filtered through the cracks or from the glass lanterns embedded in the wooden structure, floating among mirrors and shadows.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game

“Finding the book was like kissing a lightning bolt.”
― Karen Miller

“I was on a walking tour of Oxford colleges once with a group of bored and unimpressable tourists. They yawned at Balliol's quad, T.E. Lawrence's and Churchill's portraits, and the blackboard Einstein wrote his E=mc2 on. Then the tour guide said, 'And this is the Bridge of Sighs, where Lord Peter proposed (in Latin) to Harriet,' and everyone suddenly came to life and began snapping pictures. Such is the power of books.”
― Connie Willis, The Winds of Marble Arch and Other Stories

“Kiss me hot,heavy,wet & angry with that attitude like you do when your mouth yells it hates me but your tongue screams it can’t wait for me. Hug me, touch me, submit to me with that insatiable passion like you do when you thought you could leave but the sight of my throbbing rock hard love muscle made you too weak in the knees. Your mind is melting fast, your soul is whispering trust, your eyes are begging please and your anger has turned to lust. Let me undress your body, caress your skin and wetly massage your mind back into making love to me again. I’d rather say I’m sorry and keep my best friend than have this come to an end. Be encouraged but more importantly…be lethal with your make up love.”
― Kerry E. Wagner

“I would rather read a mediocre book than waste time sitting around with people making small talk.”
― James D. Sass, Essays in Satanism

“I enjoy sharing my books as I do my friends, asking only that you treat them well and see them safely home.”
― Ernest Morgan

“..........books are yours,
Within whose silent chambers treasure lies
Preserved from age to age; more precious far
Than that accumulated store of gold
And orient gems, which, for a day of need,
The Sultan hides deep in ancestral tombs.
These hoards of truth you can unlock at will:”
― William Wordsworth

“A book is like a pump. It gives nothing unless first you give to it. You prime a pump with your own water, you work the handle with your own strength. You do this because you expect to get back more than you give.”
― Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis

“Many scholars forget, it seems to me, that our enjoyment of the great works of literature depends more upon the depth of our sympathy than upon our understanding. The trouble is that very few of their laborious explanations stick in the memory. The mind drops them as a branch drops its overripe fruit. ... Again and again I ask impatiently, "Why concern myself with these explanations and hypotheses?" They fly hither and thither in my thought like blind birds beating the air with ineffectual wings. I do not mean to object to a thorough knowledge of the famous works we read. I object only to the interminable comments and bewildering criticisms that teach but one thing: there are as many opinions as there are men.”
― Helen Keller

“From fire, water, the passage of time, neglectful readers, and the hand of the censor, each of my books has escaped to tell me its story.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“أعتقد أن التليفزيون وسيلة ثقافية هامة للغاية .. كلما وجدت شخصاً يقوم بتشغيله، أذهب إلى غرفة أخرى لقراءة كتاب”
― Groucho Marx

“Stories serve multiple purposes. At a basic level they are great entertainment, which is essential for living a happy and healthy life, but on a deeper level stories help us explore issues that are otherwise difficult to address. On one hand a good book helps us escape our troubles, and on the other hand it can help us face up to those troubles by bringing real issues to the fore, often in a more manageable way, since the problems are experienced vicariously through the eyes of another.”
― Dean F. Wilson

“Take my books away, and I should be desperate!”
― Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights

“Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.”
― John Witherspoon

“The feet bear the burden of the body, the head the burden of the mind, and the heart the burden of the spirit.”
― Pearl S. Buck, Peony

“As long as reading is for us the instigator whose magic keys have opened the door to those dwelling-places deep within us that we would not have known how to enter, its role in our lives is salutary. It becomes dangerous, on the other hand, when, instead of awakening us to the personal life of the mind, reading tends to take its place, when the truth no longer appears to us as an ideal which we can realize only by the intimate progress of our own thought and the efforts of our heart, but as something material, deposited between the leaves of books like a honey fully prepared by others and which we need only take the trouble to reach down from the shelves of libraries and then sample passively in a perfect repose of mind and body.”
― Marcel Proust

“Writing a book isn’t an easy process nor is it always enjoyable, but it is one of life’s most satisfying achievements.”
― Guy Kawasaki, APE: Author, Publisher, Entrepreneur. How to Publish a Book

“No encounter occured that day, and I was glad of it; I took out of my pocket a little Homer I had not opened since leaving Marseilles, reread three lines of the Odyssey, learned them by heart; then, finding sufficient sustenance in their rhythm and reveling in them at leisure, I closed the book and remained, trembling, more alive than I had thought possible, my mind numb with happiness.”
― André Gide, The Immoralist

“This was the time in her life that she fell upon books as the only door out of her cell. They became half her world.”
― Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient

“The days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“The thought of these vast stacks of books would drive him mad: the more he read, the less he seemed to know — the greater the number of the books he read, the greater the immense uncountable number of those which he could never read would seem to be…. The thought that other books were waiting for him tore at his heart forever.”
― Thomas Wolfe, Of Time and the River: A Legend of Man's Hunger in His Youth

“What is literature but the expression of moods by the vehicle of symbol and incident? And are there not moods which need heaven, hell, purgatory, and faeryland for their expression, no less than this dilapidated earth? Nay, are there not moods which shall find no expression unless there be men who dare to mix heaven, hell, purgatory, and faeryland together, or even to set the heads of beasts to the bodies of men, or to thrust the souls of men into the heart of rocks? Let us go forth, the tellers of tales, and seize whatever prey the heart long for, and have no fear. Everything exists, everything is true, and the earth is only a little dust under our feet."

(A Teller of Tales)”
― W.B. Yeats, The Celtic Twilight: Faerie and Folklore

“Have you never picked up a book you've read before, and found it speaks to you in a new way?”
― Django Wexler, The Forbidden Library

“Olly: jesus. is there a girl on this planet who doesn't love mr.darcy
Madeline: All girls love Mr. Darcy?
Olly: are you kidding? even my sister loves darcy and she doesn't love anybody
Madeline: She must love somebody. I'm sure she loves you
Olly: what's so great about darcy?
Madeline: That's not a serious question
Olly: he's a snob
Madeline: But he overcomes it and eventually realizes that character matters more than class! He's a man open to learning life's lessons! Also, he's completely gorgeous and noble and brooding and poetic. Did I mention gorgeous? Also, he loves Elizabeth beyond all reason.”
― Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything

“My brother and I were able to fantasize far more extravagantly about our parents' tastes and desires, their aspirations and their vices, by scanning their bookcases than by snooping in their closest. Their selves were on their shelves.”
― Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader

“Once you can write an alphabet, you can write a book of 100 million pages. It's just a matter of believing it as possible, and taking the cross millimetre by millimetre.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“The venerable dead are waiting in my library to entertain me and relieve me from the nonsense of surviving mortals.”
― Samuel Davies

“What a vast fertility of pleasure books hold for me! I went in and found the table laden with books. I looked in and sniffed them all. I could not resist carrying this one off and broaching it. I think I could happily live here and read forever.”
― Virginia Woolf, A Writer's Diary

“A winner is not someone who wins. It's someone who tries and isn't afraid to lose.”
― Nusrat Sultana

“Books have their idiosyncrasies as well as people, and will not show me their full beauties unless the place and time in which they are read suits them.”
― Elizabeth von Arnim, The Solitary Summer

“Pinapakita nyong mga dayuhang libro pa rin at mga dayuhang libro lang ang tinatangkilik ng mga tao. Bakit magsusugal ang mga publisher sa Pilipinong manunulat kung hindi naman pala mabili ang mga kwentong isinusulat ng mga Pilipino? At kung walang mga publisher na tatanggap ng mga trabaho ng mga Pilipinong manunulat, sino pa ang gugustong magsulat? Kung walang magsusulat, ano ang kahihinatnan ng panitikan sa bansa at sa kakayanan nating bumasa't sumulat?”
― Bob Ong, Lumayo Ka Nga Sa Akin

“I am a machine condemned to devour books.”
― Karl Marx

“More and more I lived in books, they were my comfort, refuge, addiction, compensation for the humiliations that attended contact with the world outside.”
― Lorna Sage, Bad Blood

“Writers seldom choose as friends those self-centered characters who are never in trouble, never make mistakes, and always count their change as it is handed to them.”
― Catherine Drinker Bowen

“I am reading The Lord of the Rings. I suddenly wanted to. I almost know it by heart, but I can still sink right into it. I know no other book that is so much like going on a journey. When I put it down to this, I feel as if I am also waiting with Pippin for the echoes of that stone down the well.”
― Jo Walton, Among Others

“We are liable to miss the best of life if we do not know how to tingle, if we do not learn to hoist ourselves just a little higher than we generally are in order to sample the rarest and ripest fruit of art which human thought has to offer.”
― Vladimir Nabokov, Look at the Harlequins!

“Reading a novel, War and Peace for example, is no Catnap. Because a novel is so long, reading one is like being married forever to somebody nobody knows or cares about.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Bagombo Snuff Box

“I shake my head. "Not my kind of scene. I'd rather be home with my book boyfriend."

"I'll never get what you book sluts get out of a fictional man…" He shakes his head.

"Boys in books are better.”
― Danielle Torella, Private Message

“The sun loved me again when it saw that the stars would not abandon me.”
― Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God

“A smiling lie is a whirlwind, easy to enter, but hard to escape.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“As for being poisoned by a book, there is no such thing as that. Art has no influence upon action. It annihilates the desire to act. It is superbly sterile. The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“There will be more words written on Twitter in the next two years than contained in all books ever printed.”
― Christian Rudder, Dataclysm: Who We Are

“In fiction, beauty was run-of-the-mill.”
― Eileen Favorite, The Heroines

“Even prisoners can escape if they have books.”
― Michelle Moran, Rebel Queen

“These two oo in "book" are like the two eyes of a reader who fell in love with a story.”
― Stefanos Livos

“Authors: The only people you thank for leaving you emotionally devastated.”
― Love The Stacks Bookstore

“What do women want?" Sigmund Freud cried. Books and cats are a good start.”
― Carole Nelson Douglas

“All that is necessary for a student is access to a library.”
― Thomas Jefferson, The Papers of Thomas Jefferson, Volume 16: November 1789 to July 1790

“But, how do you know if an ending is truly good for the characters unless you've traveled with them through every page?”
― Shannon Hale, Midnight in Austenland

“You'll never be alone if you’ve got a book.”
― Al Pacino

“Television, radio, and all the sources of amusement and information that surround us in our daily lives are also artificial props. They can give us the impression that our minds are active, because we are required to react to stimuli from the outside. But the power of those external stimuli to keep us going is limited. They are like drugs. We grow used to them, and we continuously need more and more of them. Eventually, they have little or no effect. Then, if we lack resources within ourselves, we cease to grow intellectually, morally, and spiritually. And we we cease to grow, we begin to die.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“She loved the smell of books, the feel of books, the look of them on the shelf.”
― Barbara Michaels, Houses of Stone

“The book's always better than the movie.”
― Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice

“The ability to retain a child's view of the world with at the same time a mature understanding of what it means to retain it, is extremely rare - and a person who has these qualities is likely to be able to contribute something really important to our thinking.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“Books are meat and medicine
and flame and flight and flower
steel, stitch, cloud and clout,
and drumbeats on the air.”
― Gwendolyn Brooks

“Read books are far less valuable than unread ones. The library should contain as much of what you do not know as your financial means, mortgage rates, and the currently tight real-estate market alow you to put there.”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable

“And she is the reader
who browses the shelf
and looks for new worlds
but finds herself.”
― Laura Purdie Salas, BookSpeak!: Poems about Books

“I recognized it instantly. It was a made-up story, a fantasy, the tale of four kids who went through a magic wardrobe and found themselves in a strange new world. I'd read it more times than I could remember, and although I sneered at the thought of a magical land with friendly, talking animals, there were times when I wished, in my most secret moments, that I could find a hidden door that would take us allout of this place.”
― Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules

“لا يدرك الناس أن كتابا واحدا قد يغير حياة انسان”
― Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X

“Do the children who prefer books set in the real, ordinary, workaday world ever read as obsessively as those who would much rather be transported into other worlds entirely?”
― Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia

“Madam Pince, our librarian, tells me that it is 'pawed about, dribbled on, and generally maltreated' nearly everyday - a high compliment for any book.”
― J.K. Rowling, Quidditch Through the Ages

“Lesen, lesen, immer nur lesen und darüber die eigene erbärmliche Existenz vergessen!”
― Walter Moers, Das Labyrinth der Träumenden Bücher

“I couldn't get to sleep. The book lay nearby. A thin object on the divan. So strange. Between two cardboard covers were noises, doors, howls, horses, people. All side by side, pressed tightly against one another. Boiled down to little black marks. Hair, eyes, voices, nails, legs, knocks on doors, walls, blood, beards, the sound of horseshoes, shouts. All docile, blindly obedient to the little black marks. The letters run in mad haste, now here, now there. The a's, f's, y's, k's all run. They gather together to create a horse or a hailstorm. They run again. Now they create a dagger, a night, a murder. Then streets, slamming doors, silence. Running and running. Never stopping.”
― Ismail Kadare, Chronicle in Stone

“Here's what I want from a book, what I demand, what I pray for when I take up a novel and begin to read the first sentence: I want everything and nothing less, the full measure of a writer's heart. I want a novel so poetic that I do not have to turn to the standby anthologies of poetry to satisfy that itch for music, for perfection and economy of phrasing, for exactness of tone. Then, too, I want a book so filled with story and character that I read page after page without thinking of food or drink because a writer has possessed me, crazed with an unappeasable thirst to know what happens next.”
― Pat Conroy

“A homeless man visited my store today. The few quarters that he had in his pocket he invested on books. I offered him free books, but he insisted on giving me his quarters. He walked away filled with joy as if he possessed the world's riches in his hands. In a way, he did. He left me smiling and knowing that he was wealthier than many others... (01-21-10)”
― Besa Kosova, Raindrops

“The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth. The great philosophers have always been able to clear away the complexities and see simple distinctions - simple once they are stated, vastly difficult before. If we are to follow them we too must be childishly simple in our questions - and maturely wise in our replies.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“We'll always need printed books that don't mutate the way digital books do; we'll always need places to display books, auditoriums for book talks, circles for story time; we'll always need brick-and-mortar libraries.”
― Marilyn Johnson, This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All

“the Real-World was a sprawling mess of a book in need of a good editor.”
― Jasper Fforde, One of Our Thursdays Is Missing

“Before I had a chance to feel too sorry for myself, I turned toward the front of the cabin and found the bookcases carved right into the wall. Hundreds of leather-bound volumes rested in dim alcoves. I had no idea what stories or information they held. It didn’t matter. I wanted to absorb anything they had to say.”
― Jodi Meadows, Incarnate

“This would be...a book that would be a trapdoor down into some place dark. A place only you could go, alone, when you opened the cover. Because only books have that power.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted

“In the sort of screen dappled with different states of mind which my consciousness would simultaneously unfold while I read, and which ranged from the aspirations hidden deepest within me to the completely exterior vision of the horizon which I had, at the bottom of the garden, before my eyes, what was first in me, innermost, the constantly moving handle that controlled the rest, was my belief in the philosophical richness and beauty of the book I was reading, and my desire to appropriate them for myself, whatever that book might be.”
― Marcel Proust, Swann's Way

“When Suzie introduced Helen, she told the audience that one of the best things about books is that they are an interactive art form: that while the author may describe in some detail how a character looks, it is the reader's imagination that completes the image, making it his or her own. "That's why we so often don't like movies made from books, right?" Suzie said. "We don't like someone else's interpretation of what we see so clearly." She talked, too, about how books educate and inspire, and how they soothe the soul-"like comfort food without the calories," she said. She talked about the tactile joys of reading, the feel of a page beneath one's fingers; the elegance of typeface on a page. She talked about how people complain that they don't have time to read, and reminded them that if they gave up half an hour of television a day in favor of reading, they could finish twenty-five books a year. "Books don't take time away from us," she said. "They give it back. In this age of abstraction, of multitasking, of speed for speed's sake, they reintroduce us to the elegance-and the relief!-of real, tick-tock time.”
― Elizabeth Berg, Home Safe

“Firnis lächelte gütig. "Bücher sind lebendige Wesen", sagte er, "und wenn man ganz in sie eintaucht, dann erwachen sie zum Leben. Und wie die Gedanken, so bekommen auch die Buchstaben Flügel verliehen. Sie lösen sich vom Papier und flattern im Raum herum.”
― Christoph Marzi, Das Geheimnis der singenden Stadt

“I believe my life has a value, and i don't want to waste it thinking about clothing.
I don't want to think about what i will wear in the morning. Truly, can you imagine anything more boring than fashion?”
― Michael Crichton

“Librarians are your very best friend. And don't ever think otherwise.”
― Rett MacPherson

“Take what interests and knowledge you can from books, but do not let them replace words and thoughts of your own.”
― Pai Kit Fai, The Concubine's Daughter

“…the art of writing has for backbone some fierce attachment to an idea…. It is on the back of an idea, something believed in with conviction or seen with precision and thus compelling words to a shape….
You have not finished with it because you have read it, any more than friendship is ended because it is time to part. Life wells up and alters and adds. Even things in a book-case change if they are alive; we find ourselves wanting to meet them again; we find them altered. So we look back upon essay after essay by Mr. Beerbohm, knowing that, come September or May, we shall sit down with them and talk.”
― Virginia Woolf

“Note to self: don’t throw things at girls.”
― Emlyn Chand, Farsighted

“. . . finally, I couldn't imagine how I could live without books, and I stopped dreaming about marrying that Chinese prince. . . .”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky, White Nights

“Do you know the feeling when you start reading a new book before the membrane of the last one has had time to close behind you? You leave the previous book with ideas and themes–characters even–caught in the fibers of your clothes, and when you open the new book, they are still with you”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“Reading is not simply an intellectual pursuit but an emotional and spiritual one. It lights the candle in the hurricane lamp of self; that's why it survives."

[Turning the Page: The future of reading is backlit and bright, Newsweek Magazine, March 25, 2010]”
― Anna Quindlen

“What we need now are heroes and heroines, about a million of them, one brave deed is worth a thousand books. Sentiment without action is the ruin of the soul.”
― Edward Abbey

“It is one of the strongest bonds, I think, that can spring up between people: sharing a passion for certain books and their authors.”
― Alice Steinbach, Without Reservations: The Travels of an Independent Woman

“One had a knife. But I had a staff and was trained to use it.”
― Robin Hobb, Assassin's Apprentice

“In the candle's flickering light, the library's thousands of books emerged from the shadows, and for a moment Nicholas could not help admiring them again. During free time he had almost never looked up from the pages he was reading, but now he saw the books anew, from without rather than from within, and was reminded of how beautiful they were simply as objects. The geometrical wonder of them all, each book on its own and all the books together, row upon row, the infinite patterns and possibilities they presented. They were truly lovely.”
― Trenton Lee Stewart, The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict

“Personally, I believe "if it ain't broke, don't fix it". I'd rather use film cameras and vinyl records and cathode ray tubes than any sort of the digital technology available. Look around! The streets are full of people who would rather have their eyes on their cell phones than on the world around them! Scientists are researching technology to erase specific memories from people! Our thrown-away digital technology is showing up overseas in huge piles of toxic heavy metals and plastic!

And yet there are still people who keep wanting technology and the future to keep going. They dream of flying cars, or humanoid robots, of populated cities on Mars. But do we really NEED this stuff? Maybe before we try to keep turning our world into an episode of The Jetsons, we should focus more on the problems that are surprisingly being overlooked now more than ever. Before we design another stupid cell phone or build a flying car, let's put a stop to racism, to sexism, to homophobia, to war. Let's stop buying all our "American" products from sweat shops overseas and let's end poverty in third-world countries. Let's let film photography never go obsolete, let's let print books continue to be printed. Let's stop domestic violence and child abuse and prostitution and this world's heavy reliance on prescription drugs. Let's stop terrorism, let's stop animal cruelty, , let's stop overpopulation and urbanization, let's stop the manufacture of nuclear weapons...

...I mean come on, we have all these problems to solve, but digital tech enthusiasts are more concerned that we don't have flying cars or robotic maids yet? That's pathetic.”
― Rebecca McNutt

“Sometimes he spent hours together in the great libraries of Paris, those catacombs of departed authors, rummaging among their hoards of dusty and obsolete works in quest of food for his unhealthy appetite. He was, in a manner, a literary ghoul, feeding in the charnel-house of decayed literature.”
― Washington Irving, Tales of a Traveller

“Poor Christopher-John had fallen into the hands of Miss. Daisy Crocker. I greatly sympathized him, but as in everything else, Christopher John tried to see the bright side in having to face such a shrew every morning. "Maybe she done changed," he said hopefully on the first day of school. However, when classes were over he was noticeably quiet.

Well?" I asked him.

He shrugged dejectedly and admitted, "She still the same.”
― Mildred D. Taylor, Let the Circle Be Unbroken

“Each of those churches shows certain books, which they call revelation, or the Word of God. The Jews say that their Word of God was given by God to Moses face to face; the Christians say, that their Word of God came by divine inspiration; and the Turks say, that their Word of God (the Koran) was brought by an angel from heaven. Each of those churches accuses the other of unbelief; and, for my own part, I disbelieve them all.”
― Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason

“The books that influence the world are those that it has not read.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“The books we love offer a sketch of a whole universe that we secretly inhabit, and in which we desire the other person to assume a role.

One of the conditions of happy romantic compatibility is, if not to have read the same books, to have read at least some books in common with the other person—which means, moreover, to have non-read the same books. From the beginning of the relationship, then, it is crucial to show that we can match the expectations of our beloved by making him or her sense the proximity of our inner libraries.”
― Pierre Bayard, How to Talk About Books You Haven't Read

“Books themselves need no defense. Their spokesmen come and go, their readers live and die, they remain constant.”
― Lawrence Clark Powell

“In the past few years I've assigned books to be read before a student attends one of my weeklong seminars. I have been astonished by how few people -- people who supposedly want to write -- read books, and if they read them, how little they examine them.”
― Natalie Goldberg, Thunder and Lightning: Cracking Open the Writer's Craft

“What does it mean?” Flynn turns to gaze at me, eyes finally meeting mine.

I find myself smiling because I know exactly what it means. “It means the clouds are clearing on Avon.”
― Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World

“The library had become her solace. Her refuge.Books did not question or judge. They made safe companions.”
― Inglath Cooper, Truths and Roses: A Love Story

“Sono convinto che chi non legge resta uno stupido. Anche se nella vita sa destreggiarsi, il fatto di non ingerire regolarmente parole scritte lo condanna ineluttabilmente all'ignoranza, indipendentemente dai suoi averi e dalle sue attività.”
― Edward Bunker, Education of a Felon

“In any of my pages in any of my books may life a perfect account of my secret experience of the world. ”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“Why do all your friends talk like books?”
― Pamela Dean

“What is written beneath this heavy handsome book cover will count, so sayeth this cover…”
― Anne Rice, Pandora

“Give up your thirst for books, so that you do not die a grouch.”
― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations

“But preserve your mistrust of the page, for a book is a fortress, a place of weeping, the key to a desert, a river that has no bridge, a garden of spears.”
― Sofia Samatar, A Stranger in Olondria

“So when people say that poetry is a luxury, or an option, or for the educated middle classes, or that it shouldn't be read in school because it is irrelevant, or any of the strange and stupid things that are said about poetry and its place in our lives, I suspect that the people doing the saying have had things pretty easy. A tough life needs a tough language - and that is what poetry is. That is what literature offers - a language powerful enough to to say how it is.

It isn't a hiding place. It is a finding place.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“On getting lost in a book.

Set adrift
A life unknown
Connections form
Love is sewn”
― Patty Wiseman, An Unlikely Arrangement

“How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book. The book exists for us perchance which will explain our miracles and reveal new ones. The at present unutterable things we may find somewhere uttered.”
― Henry David Thoreau , Walden

“The worst of it is that I am perpetually being punished for nothing; this governor loves to punish, and he punishes by taking my books away from me. It's perfectly awful to let the mind grind itself away between the upper and nether millstones of regret and remorse without respite; with books my life would be livable -- any life.”
― Oscar Wilde

“As readers, we have gone from learning a precious craft whose secret was held by a jealous few, to taking for granted a skin that has become subordinate to principles of mindless financial profit or mechanical efficiency, a skill for which governments care almost nothing.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“It is not all books that are as dull as their readers. There are probably words addressed to our condition exactly, which, if we could really hear and understand, would be more salutary than the morning or the spring to our lives, and possibly put a new aspect on the face of things for us. How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book. The book exists for us perchance which will explain our miracles and reveal new ones. The at present unutterable things we may find somewhere uttered. These same questions that disturb and puzzle and confound us have in their turn occurred to all the wise men; not one has been omitted; and each has answered them, according to his ability, by his words and his life.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“His eyes move to my lips, and I know he’s thinking the same thing; I can feel it in the way the air charges between us. I can almost taste him half an inch away, can feel the way the tiny hairs on my skin lift and reach for him like plants seeking the sunlight.”
― Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World

“Handle a book as a bee does a flower, extract its sweetness but do not damage it.”
― John Muir

“He loved books; books are cold but safe friends.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“I guess that’s the beauty of books. When they finish they don’t really finish.”
― Markus Zusak

“No writing is wasted. Did you know that sourdough from San Francisco is leavened partly by a bacteria called lactobacillus sanfrancisensis? It is native to the soil there, and does not do well elsewhere. But any kitchen can become an ecosystem. If you bake a lot, your kitchen will become a happy home to wild yeasts, and all your bread will taste better. Even a failed loaf is not wasted. Likewise, cheese makers wash the dairy floor with whey. Tomato gardeners compost with rotten tomatoes. No writing is wasted: the words you can't put in your book can wash the floor, live in the soil, lurk around in the air. They will make the next words better.”
― Erin Bow

“I don't understand your book. Isn't every book a book of words?”
― Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue

“He often envied people who hadn't read his favourite books. They had such happiness before them.”
― Charles Finch, A Stranger in Mayfair

“Life is like writing with a pen. You can cross out your past but you can't erase it.”
― E.B. White

“There is no happiness in love, except at the end of an English novel.”
― Anthony Trollope, Barchester Towers

“But I loved the library simply because it was a library. I love libraries. I like reading, but I love libraries. Being surrounded by books makes me feel safe, the way some people need trees or mountains around them to feel secure. Not me – nature’s not what I cling to. I cling to books.”
― Emily Wing Smith, Back When You Were Easier to Love

“But to her, libraries were like hotels: secret villages inhabited by passing strangers from a thousand different worlds brought together just for a few hours.”
― Simon Montefiore

“A book is a collaboration between the one who reads and what is read and, at its best, that coming together is a love story like any other.”
― Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men

“Reading alters the appearance of a book. Once it has been read, it never looks the same again, and people leave their individual imprint on a book they have read. Once of the pleasures of reading is seeing this alteration on the pages, and the way, by reading it, you have made the book yours.”
― Paul Theroux, The Old Patagonian Express: By Train Through the Americas

“I had always turned to books, to knowledge, to help me get through everything in my life—and,
sometimes, to escape it. But grief was a journey through a forest of razor blades. I walked through every
painful inch of it—no shortcuts and no anesthesia.”
― Michele Bardsley (), Don't Talk Back To Your Vampire

“An English writer telephoned me from London, asking questions. One was, ‘What’s your alma mater?’ I told him, ‘Books.”
― Malcolm X

“Reading a novel after reading semiotic theory was like jogging empty-handed after jogging with hand weights. What exquisite guilt she felt, wickedly enjoying narrative! Madeleine felt safe with a nineteenth century novel. There were going to be people in it. Something was going to happen to them in a place resembling the world. Then too there were lots of weddings in Wharton and Austen. There were all kinds of irresistible gloomy men.”
― Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot

“A house without books must be sad. Even sadder a house of books without people.”
― Manuel Rivas, Books Burn Badly

“A book is a mirror; if an ass peers into it, you can't expect an apostle to peer out.”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg

“A precious, mouldering pleasure ’tis
To meet an antique book,
In just the dress his century wore;
A privilege, I think,

His venerable hand to take,
And warming in our own,
A passage back, or two, to make
To times when he was young.

His quaint opinions to inspect,
His knowledge to unfold
On what concerns our mutual mind,
The literature of old”
― Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson

“I dont write books so that you can be fascinated with me. I write them so you can be fascinated with YOU!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Books smell and feel better. They have that wonderful thingness of turning the pages.”
― Neil Gaiman

“Ein Buch muß die Axt sein für das gefrorene Meer in uns.”
― Franz Kafka

“Because to the poor, books are not diversions. Book are siege weapons.”
― Joe Queenan, One for the Books

“I need words and print... I need print like an addict. I could live without it, perhaps. But I hope I never have to try.”
― Margaret Drabble

“I love the smell of a new book, but I prefer inhaling fresh bottles of ink and glue. They get me more lightheaded – unless I read the book.”
― Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic

“I'm an open book. But some of the pages are stuck together.”
― Kelli Jae Baeli, Crossing Paths

“There was nothing particularly special about her, except that she was good with numbers, and very good at lying, and she made her home in between the pages of books.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, Linger

“The idea of a library full of books, the books full of knowledge, fills me with fear and love and courage and endless wonder.”
― Elizabeth McCracken

“Many a man lives a burden to the Earth, but a good book is the precious life-blood of a master spirit, imbalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life.”
― John Milton

“I have done what people do, my life makes a reasonable showing. Can I go back to my books now?”
― Lynne Sharon Schwartz, Ruined By Reading: A Life in Books

“All I'm saying is that there is more to life than the main story. Check out the notes in the margins because maybe they're even more important.”
― Isabelle Rowan

“Forty-three years old, and the war occurred half a lifetime ago, and yet the remembering makes it now. And sometimes remembering will lead to a story, which makes it forever. That’s what stories are for. Stories are for joining the past to the future. Stories are for those late hours in the night when you can’t remember how you got from where you were to where you are. Stories are for eternity, when memory is erased, when there is nothing to remember except the story.”
― Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried

“The more you read, the more you want to know, and so the more questions you have.”
― Xinran, Miss Chopsticks

“Every book is a great action and every great action is a book!”
― Martin Luther

“A mind possessed
by unmade books,
unwritten lines
on empty hooks.”
― Michael Faudet

“You write your books. You scatter your seeds. Rats might eat them, or they might rot. In California, some seeds lie dormant for decades because they only germinate after fire, and sometimes the burned landscape blooms most lavishly.”
― Rebecca Solnit

“She always wanted to be the kind of person who could play the "Moonlight" Sonata.

She buries her failure in this, as she buries all her failures, in reading.”
― Lauren Groff, Florida

“Reading stimulates the imagination and a good imagination can change the world in the most splendid of ways.”
― Meredith Wood

“Adventure,' then, is what might otherwise be called hardship if it were attempted in a different spirit. Turning a difficult task or a perilous journey into an adventure is largely a matter of telling yourself the right story about it, which is one thing that Lewis's child characters have learned from reading, 'the right books.”
― Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia

“What are American dry-goods? asked the duchess, raising her large hands in wonder and accentuating the verb.

American novels, answered Lord Henry.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray and Other Writings

“Literature is the human activity that takes the fullest and most precise account of variousness, possibility, complexity, and difficulty.”
― Lionel Trilling

“Poetry isn’t an island, it is the bridge.
Poetry isn’t a ship, it is the lifeboat.
Poetry isn’t swimming. Poetry is water.”
― Kamand Kojouri

“Family is family,' sighed the gondolier. 'Family is everything,' declared Marta Gasperin, bending to kiss the old man on the cheek, at which he flushed. She added mischievously, 'Family and books, of course.”
― Michelle Lovric, The Undrowned Child

“We read to under­stand our intu­ition of the world, to dis­cover that some­one a thou­sand miles and years away has put into words our most inti­mate desires and our most secret fears. Reading is a col­lab­o­ra­tive act.”
― Alberto Manguel

“Books act like a developing fluid on film. That is, they bring into consciousness what you didn’t know you knew.”
― Clifton Fadiman, The New Lifetime Reading Plan: The Classic Guide to World Literature, Revised and Expanded

“[He] was always here to offer cups of good clear Walden Pond, or shout down the deep well of Shakespeare and listen, with satisfaction, for echoes. Here the lion and the hartebeest lay together, here the jackass became a unicorn.”
― Ray Bradbury, Farewell Summer

“Books, like people, can't be reduced to the cost of the materials with which they were made. Books, like people, become unique and precious once you get to know them.”
― Yann Martel, What is Stephen Harper Reading?: Yann Martel's Recommended Reading for a Prime Minister and Book Lovers of All Stripes

“Bibliothèque Nationale. Ich sitze und lese einen Dichter. Es sind viele Leute im Saal, aber man spürt sie nicht. Sie sind in den Büchern. Manchmal bewegen sie sich in den Blättern, wie Menschen, die schlafen und sich umwenden zwischen zwei Träumen.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke

“The silence. End of all poetry, all romances. Earlier, frightened, you began to have some intimation of it: so many pages had been turned, the book was so heavy in one hand, so light in the other, thinning toward the end. Still, you consoled yourself. You were not quite at the end of the story, at that terrible flyleaf, blank like a shuttered window: there were still a few pages under your thumb, still to be sought and treasured. Oh, was it possible to read more slowly? - No. The end approached, inexorable, at the same measured pace. The last page, the last of the shining words! And there - the end of the books. The hard cover which, when you turn it, gives you only this leather stamped with old roses and shields.

Then the silence comes, like the absence of sound at the end of the world. You look up. It's a room in an old house. Or perhaps it's a seat in a garden, or even a square; perhaps you've been reading outside and you suddenly see the carriages going by. Life comes back, the shadows of leaves. Someone comes to ask what you will have for dinner, or two small boys run past you, wildly shouting; or else it's merely a breeze blowing a curtain, the white unfurling into a room, brushing the papers on a desk. It is the sound of the world. But to you, the reader, it is only a silence, untenanted and desolate.”
― Sofia Samatar, A Stranger in Olondria

“I never minded the random scribblings of other readers, found them interesting in fact. It is a truth universally acknowledged that people write the darndest things in the margins of their books.”
― Tara Bray Smith

“Books are the perfect entertainment: no commercials, no batteries,hours of enjoyment for each dollar spent.”
― Stephen King

“It turned out that when my younger self thought of taking wing, she wanted only to let her spirit soar. Books are the plane, the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home.”
― Anna Quindlen

“First lines did not define last pages in real life the way they did in books.”
― Stephanie Butland, Lost For Words

“Then he got more books. He saved all the books.”
― Dave Eggers, Zeitoun

“For a bookworm like Mother, a Brontë novel sister was better than a biological one.”
― Eileen Favorite, The Heroines

“What worries me is that a load of shite has been talked about digitisation as being the new Gutenberg, but the fact is that Gutenberg led to books being put in shelves, and digitisation is taking books off shelves.

If you start taking books off shelves then you are only going to find what you are looking for, which does not help those who do not know what they are looking for.”
― Jeanette Winterson

“Archie says books are our best lovers and our most provoking friends.”
― Stephanie Butland, Lost For Words

“I slept little, read a lot, and fell in love frequently.”
― Charles Simic

“More than loud acclaim, I love
Books, silence, thought, my alcove.

Pangur Bán
Poem by Anon Irish Monk, Translated by Seamus Heaney”
― Seamus Heaney

“Unlike television, reading does not swallow the senses or dictate thought. Reading stimulates the ecology of the imagination. Can you remember the wonder you felt when first reading The Jungle Book or Tom Sawyer or Huckleberry Finn? Kipling’s world within a world; Twain’s slow river, the feel of freedom and sand on the secret island, and in the depths of the cave?”
― Richard Louv, Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder

“I love the smell of old books,” Mandy sighed, inhaling deeply with the book pressed against her face. The yellow pages smelled of wood and paper mills and mothballs.”
― Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City

“Books are like flypaper, memories cling to the printed pages better than anything else.”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkheart

“Pleasing things: finding a large number of tales that one has not read before. Or acquiring the second volume of a tale whose first volume one has enjoyed. But often it is a disappointment.”
― Sei Shōnagon, The Pillow Book

“I'm afraid I've degenerated into a bibliophile.”
― Christopher Paolini, Eragon

“I’m trying in all my stories to get the feeling of the actual life across—not to just depict life—or criticize it—but to actually make it alive. So that when you have read something by me you actually experience the thing. You can’t do this without putting in the bad and the ugly as well as what is beautiful. Because if it is all beautiful you can’t believe in it. Things aren’t that way.”
― Ernest Hemingway

“It is often much harder to get rid of books than to acquire them. They stick to us in that pact of need and oblivion we make with them, witnesses to a moment in our lives we will never see again. While they are still there, it is part of us.”
― Carlos María Domínguez, The House of Paper

“How in hell did those bombers get up there every single second of our lives! Why doesn't someone want to talk about it! We've started and won two atomic wars since 2022! Is it because we're having so much fun at home we've forgotten the world? Is it because we're so rich and the rest of the world's so poor and we just don't care if they are? I've heard rumors; the world is starving, but we're well fed. Is it true, the world works hard and we play? Is that why we're hated so much? I've heard the rumors about hate too, once in a long while, over the years. Do you know why? I don't, that's sure! Maybe the books can get us half out of the cave. They just might stop us from making the same damn insane mistakes!”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Books are ... companions, teachers, magicians, bankers of the treasures of mind. Books are humanity in print.”
― Barbara W Tuchman

“Of course. You get everything from books.”
― Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz

“Libraries are the future of reading. When the economy is down, we need to make it easier for people to buy and read books for free, not harder. It is stupid to sacrifice tomorrow’s book buyers for today’s dollars, especially when it’s obvious that the source in question doesn’t have any more dollars to give you.”
― Courtney Milan

“Another thing I need to do, when I'm near the end of the book, is sleep in the same room with it...Somehow the book doesn't leave you when you're asleep right next to it.”
― Joan Didion

“A book, a true book, is the writer's confessional. For, whether he would have it so or not, he is betrayed, directly or indirectly, by his characters, into presenting publicly his innermost feelings.”
― Nelson Algren, Entrapment and Other Writings

“I could almost hear the characters inside, murmuring and jostling, impatient for me to open the cover and let them out.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light

“For me the greatest joy is to be able to submerge myself for a few hours every day in a human time that otherwise would be alien to me. A lifetime is not enough.”
― Carlos Maria Dominguez, The House of Paper

“The Author To Her Book


Thou ill-formed offspring of my feeble brain,
Who after birth did'st by my side remain,
Till snatcht from thence by friends, less wise than true,
Who thee abroad exposed to public view,
Made thee in rags, halting to th' press to trudge,
Where errors were not lessened (all may judge).
At thy return my blushing was not small,
My rambling brat (in print) should mother call.
I cast thee by as one unfit for light,
The visage was so irksome in my sight,
Yet being mine own, at length affection would
Thy blemishes amend, if so I could.
I washed thy face, but more defects I saw,
And rubbing off a spot, still made a flaw.
I stretcht thy joints to make thee even feet,
Yet still thou run'st more hobbling than is meet.
In better dress to trim thee was my mind,
But nought save home-spun cloth, i' th' house I find.
In this array, 'mongst vulgars may'st thou roam.
In critic's hands, beware thou dost not come,
And take thy way where yet thou art not known.
If for thy father askt, say, thou hadst none;
And for thy mother, she alas is poor,
Which caused her thus to send thee out of door.”
― Anne Bradstreet, The Works of Anne Bradstreet

“This is because white people need to show off the books that they have read. Just as hunters will mount the heads of their kills, white people need to let people know that they have made their way through hundreds or even thousands of books.”
― Christian Lander, Stuff White People Like: A Definitive Guide to the Unique Taste of Millions

“When the writing is good, a book becomes a mirror. The reader will see an uncanny familiarity and respond accordingly.”
― Jen Knox, After the Gazebo

“A library implies an act of faith which generations, still in darkness hid, sign in their night in witness of the dawn."

À qui la faute? (1872)”
― Victor Hugo

“There’s a different flavor to children’s literature you read after you grow up than there was reading it as a child. Things that were sweet as a child become bitter once you grow up.”
― Mizuki Nomura, Book Girl and the Wayfarer's Lamentation

“Books have to be read (worse luck, for it takes a long time); it is the only way of discovering what they contain.”
― E.M. Forster, Aspects of the Novel

“Is it possible that the Pentateuch could not have been written by uninspired men? that the assistance of God was necessary to produce these books? Is it possible that Galilei ascertained the mechanical principles of 'Virtual Velocity,' the laws of falling bodies and of all motion; that Copernicus ascertained the true position of the earth and accounted for all celestial phenomena; that Kepler discovered his three laws—discoveries of such importance that the 8th of May, 1618, may be called the birth-day of modern science; that Newton gave to the world the Method of Fluxions, the Theory of Universal Gravitation, and the Decomposition of Light; that Euclid, Cavalieri, Descartes, and Leibniz, almost completed the science of mathematics; that all the discoveries in optics, hydrostatics, pneumatics and chemistry, the experiments, discoveries, and inventions of Galvani, Volta, Franklin and Morse, of Trevithick, Watt and Fulton and of all the pioneers of progress—that all this was accomplished by uninspired men, while the writer of the Pentateuch was directed and inspired by an infinite God? Is it possible that the codes of China, India, Egypt, Greece and Rome were made by man, and that the laws recorded in the Pentateuch were alone given by God? Is it possible that Æschylus and Shakespeare, Burns, and Beranger, Goethe and Schiller, and all the poets of the world, and all their wondrous tragedies and songs are but the work of men, while no intelligence except the infinite God could be the author of the Pentateuch? Is it possible that of all the books that crowd the libraries of the world, the books of science, fiction, history and song, that all save only one, have been produced by man? Is it possible that of all these, the bible only is the work of God?”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses

“You only benefit from books if you can give something back to them. What I mean is, if you approach them in the spirit of a duel, so you can both wound and be wounded, so you are willing to argue, to overcome and be overcome, and grow richer by what you have learned, not only in the book, but in life, or by being able to make something of your work.”
― Sándor Márai, La mujer justa

“I always thought the joy of reading a book is not knowing what happens next. (Leonard Shelby, Memento)”
― Christopher Nolan

“Some things can be fixed. Some things are just too broken.”
― Susan Vaught, Trigger

“After the birth of printing books became widespread. Hence everyone throughout Europe devoted himself to the study of literature... Every year, especially since 1563, the number of writings published in every field is greater than all those produced in the past thousand years. The Paracelsians have created medicine anew and the Copernicans have created astronomy anew. I really believe that at last the world is alive, indeed seething, and that the stimuli of these remarkable conjunctions did not act in vain.”
― Johannes Kepler

“Criticism demands infinitely more culture than artistic creation.”
― Pierre Bayard, How to Talk About Books You Haven't Read

“The library would've cheered me up, most days. I loved the heavy oaken tables, the high walls stacked with books to the ceiling, the musty smell of old pages and the heavy brass fixtures that had gone dark with age and wear.”
― Claudia Gray, Afterlife

“People love to read about sins and errors, but not their own.”
― Barbara Kingsolver

“French Louis Seymour of the West Canada Creek, who knew how to survive all alone in a treacherous wilderness, and Mr. Alfred G. Vanderbilt of New York City and Raquette Lake, who was richer than God and traveled in his very own Pullman car, and Emmie Hubbard of the Uncas Road, who painted the most beautiful pictures when she was drunk and burned them in her woodstove when she was sober, were all ten times more interesting to me than Milton's devil or Austen's boy-crazy girls or that twitchy fool of Poe's who couldn't think of any place better to bury a body than under his own damn floor.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light

“I'm going to find whoever is responsible for me sleeping out side with outside without pillows and kick them in the shins!-Enna”
― Shannon Hale

“Books appear to be the most immediate instruments of speculative delight.”
― Richard de Bury, The Love of Books: The Philobiblion of Richard de Bury

“Only if the third necessary thing could be given us. Number one, as I said: quality of information. Number two: leisure to digest it. And number three: the right to carry out actions based on what we learn from the interaction of the first two.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Your goodness must have some edge to it -- else it is none.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Culture, Behavior, Beauty, Books, Art, Eloquence, Power, Wealth, Illusions

“The true reader reads every work seriously in the sense that he reads it whole-heartedly, makes himself as receptive as he can. But for that very reason he cannot possibly read every work solemly or gravely. For he will read 'in the same spirit that the author writ.'... He will never commit the error of trying to munch whipped cream as if it were venison.”
― C.S. Lewis, An Experiment in Criticism

“It was also a room full of books and made of books. There was no actual furniture; this is to say, the desk and chairs were shaped out of books. It looked as though many of them were frequently referred to, because they lay open with other books used as bookmarks.”
― Terry Pratchett, Going Postal

“Steadily, the room shrank, till the book thief could touch the shelves within a few small steps. She ran the back of her hand along the first shelf, listening to the shuffle of her fingernails gliding across the spinal cord of each book. It sounded like an instrument, or the notes of running feet. She used both hands. She raced them. One shelf against the other. And she laughed. Her voice was sprawled out, high in her throat, and when she eventually stopped and stood in the middle of the room, she spent many minutes looking from the shelves to her fingers and back again.

How many books had she touched?

How many had she felt?

She walked over and did it again, this time much slower, with her hand facing forward, allowing the dough of her palm to feel the small hurdle of each book. It felt like magic, like beauty, as bright lines of light shone down from a chandelier. Several times, she almost pulled a title from its place but didn't dare disturb them. They were too perfect.”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“Formerly I believed books were made like this: a poet came, lightly opened his lips, and the inspired fool burst into song – if you please! But it seems, before they can launch a song, poets must tramp for days with callused feet, and the sluggish fish of the imagination flounders softly in the slush of the heart. And while, with twittering rhymes, they boil a broth of loves and nightingales, the tongueless street merely writhes for lack of something to shout or say”
― Vladimir Vladimirovich Mayakovsky, The Bedbug and Selected Poetry

“Cities are never random.
No matter how chaotic they might seem, everything about them grows out of a need to solve a problem. In fact, a city is nothing more than a solution to a problem, that in turn creates more problems that need more solutions, until towers rise, roads widen, bridges are built, and millions of people are caught up in a mad race to feed the problem-solving, problem-creating frenzy.”
― Neal Shusterman, Downsiders

“The reason why so few good books are written is that so few people who can write know anything. ”
― Walter Bagehot

“With a book he was regardless of time.”
― Jane Austen

“Should he give free reign to his desires, the bibliomaniac can ruin his life along with the lives of his loved ones. He'll often take better care of his books than of his own health; he'll spend more on fiction than he does on food; he'll be more interested in his library than in his relationships, and, since few people are prepared to live in a place where every available surface is covered with piles of books, he'll often find himself alone, perhaps in the company of a neglected and malnourished cat. When he dies, all but forgotten, his body might fester for days before a curious neighbor grows concerned about the smell.”
― Mikita Brottman

“People will perish, but books are immortal. (Pompeii)”
― Robert Harris

“I have no particular plan in life - and that's something I rather like. Most things that people do seem to me to be rather dull and silly. In my ideal life I'd be left alone to read”
― Elizabeth Knox, Dreamhunter

“What we have in life that we can count on is who we are and where we come from, she thought absently. For better or worse, that is what we have to sustain us in our endevors, to buttress us in our darker moments, and to remind us of our identity. Without those things, we are adrift.”
― Terry Brooks, A Knight of the Word

“Amanda took the torn page from Maniac. To her, it was the broken wing of a bird, a pet out in the rain.”
― Jerry Spinelli, Maniac Magee

“Yet who reads to bring about an end, however desirable? Are there not some pursuits that we practise because they are good in themselves, and some pleasures that are final? And is not this among them? I have sometimes dreamt, at least, that when the Day of Judgment dawns and the great conquerors and lawyers and statesmen come to receive their rewards–their crowns, their laurels, their names carved indelibly upon imperishable marble–the Almighty will turn to Peter and will say, not without a certain envy when he sees us coming with our books under our arms, “Look, these need no reward. We have nothing to give them here. They have loved reading.”
― Virginia Woolf

“I decided long ago that life's absurd. If you don't develop a sense of humor, it will drive you mad.”
― James Maxey, Dragonforge

“The paper landed on the table, but the news was stapled to his chest. A tattoo.”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“Reading is sometimes an ingenious device for avoiding thought.”
― Austin Phelps

“They were perfectly suited. They would speak of books the livelong day and night and bore everyone else but themselves to distraction.”
― Loretta Chase, Viscount Vagabond

“Book lust forever!”
― Nancy Pearl

“There were adventure stories supplied with cloths for mopping your brow, thrillers containing pressed leaves of soothing valerian to be sniffed when the suspense became too great, and books with stout locks sealed by the Atlantean censorship authorities ("Sale permitted, reading prohibited!"). One shop sold nothing but 'half' works that broke off in the middle because their author had died while writing them; another specialised in novels whose protagonists were insects. I also saw a Wolperting shop that sold nothing but books on chess and another patronised exclusively by dwarfs with blond beards, all of whom wore eye-shades.”
― Walter Moers, The City of Dreaming Books

“Surprise!-FitzChivalry”
― Robin Hobb, Royal Assassin

“You will, I am sure, agree with me that... if page 534 only finds us in the second chapter, the length of the first one must have been really intolerable.”
― Aurthur Conan Doyle

“You're like, both like, Alexander the Great.'

We can't both be Alexander.'

Well sometimes I think you're two side of the same coin, and I'm the metal in between.”
― Orson Scott Card

“What should I get from books?” Alcide asked in French.

That you are not alone — even along this broken tractor road. You need to know nothing else,” my father answered in French.”
― David Adams Richards, Mercy Among the Children

“How the excitement comes upon me to tell it all! In the quest of writing, the heart can speed up with anticipation--as it does, indeed, during the chase itself of whales. I can swear it, having done both, and I will tell YOU though other writers may not. My heart is beating fast; I am in pursuit; I want my victory--that you should see and hear and above all feel the reality behind these words. For they are but a mask. Not the mask that conceals, not a mask that I would have you strike through as mere appearance, or, worse, deceitful appearance. Words need not be that kind of mask, but a mask such as the ancient Greek actors wore, a mask that expresses rather than conceals the inner drama.
(But do you know me? Una? You have shipped long with me in the boat that is this book. Let me assure you and tell you that I know you, even something of your pain and joy, for you are much like me. The contract of writing and reading requires that we know each other. Did you know that I try on your mask from time to time? I become a reader, too, reading over what I have just written. If I am your shipbuilder and captain, from time to time I am also your comrade. Feel me now, standing beside you, just behind your shoulder?)”
― Sena Jeter Naslund

“If you have feelings about reading, you feel the rhythm of prose or of a poem like music. It awakens something in your soul and then of course you study, read, you grow up and you begin to understand the message and that is the first step towards understanding life.”
― Maria Kodama

“I followed her into the library. The pale light from our chamber below dissipated in the room, but I could still make out – my heart leapt at the sight – row after row, shelf above shelf, floor to ceiling, a city of books. Speck turned to me and asked, Now, what shall we read first?”
― Keith Donohue

“Lire un bon livre, ça redonne envie de vivre, ça vous donne envie de partir, A la recherche du temps perdu.”
― Pierre Perret

“A favorite song or tune may stay on your mind for hours. A good book will stay on your mind until you find another.”
― F. Haywood Glenn

“It wasn't that time stopped in the library. It was as if it were captured, collected here, and in all libraries -- and not only my time, my life, but all human time as well. In the library, time is dammed up--not just stopped but saved.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“And what do you like to do, little man?" "I like-books," James had said. While standing in the bookshop, with a parcel of books under his arm. The lady had given him a pitying look. "I read-erm-rather a lot," James went on, dreary master of the obvious. King of the obvious. Emperor of the obvious.”
― Cassandra Clare, Nothing but Shadows

“One bright day in the last week of February, I was walking in the park, enjoying the threefold luxury of solitude, a book, and pleasant weather.”
― Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey

“Art is the whisper of history, heard above the noise of time.”
― Julian Barnes, The Noise of Time

“When a book and a head collide and a hollow sound is heard, must it always have come from the book?”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg, The Waste Books

“When you learn to read you will be born again...and you will never be quite so alone again.”
― Rumer Godden

“When a book leaves its author's desk it changes. Even before anyone has read it, before eyes other than its creator's have looked upon a single phrase, it is irretrievably altered. It has become a book that can be read, that no longer belongs to its maker. It has acquired, in a sense, free will. It will make its journey through the world and there is no longer anything the author can do about it. Even he, as he looks at its sentences, reads them differently now that they can be read by others. They look like different sentences. The book has gone out into the world and the world has remade it.”
― Salman Rushdie , Joseph Anton: A Memoir

“Reality doesn’t always give us the life that we desire, but we can always find what we desire between the pages of books.”
― Adelise M. Cullens, Dead Bunnies Make All Eight Of Me Cry

“Often the adult book is not for you, not yet, or will only be for you when you're ready. But sometimes you will read it anyway, and you will take from it whatever you can. Then, perhaps, you will come back to it when you're older, and you will find the book has changed because you have changed as well, and the book is wiser, or more foolish, because you are wiser or more foolish than you were as a child.”
― Neil Gaiman

“Imagine for a moment that you are the proud owner of a large house which you have spent years of your life painting and decorating and filling with everything you love. It's your home. It's something you've made your own, something for you to be remembered by, something that, perhaps years later, your children and grandchildren can visit and get a view of your life in. It's part of your creativity, your hard work... it's your property.

Now suppose you decide to go camping for a couple of weeks. You lock your door and assume that nobody is going to break in... but they do, and when you return home, to your horror you find that not only do these trespassers break in, but they also have quite uniquely imaginative ways of disrespecting, vandalizing and corrupting everything within your property. They light fires on your lawn, your topiary hedges are in heaps of black ashes. There's some blatantly obscene graffiti splattered across your front door, offensive images and rude words splashed on the walls and windows. Your television has been tipped over. Your photographs of family and friends have had the heads cut out of them. There's mold growing in the refrigerator, bottles of booze tipped over on the table, and cigarette smoke embedded into the carpeting. Your beloved houseplants are dead, your furniture has been stripped down and ruined. Basically, the thing you've spent years working for and creating within your lifetime has been tampered with to the point where it is just a grim joke.

So, I feel terrible for poor Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Jane Austen and Lewis Carroll, who must be spinning in their graves since they have no rights to their own works of fiction anymore. I'm all for readers being able to read books for free once and only when the deceased author's copyright eventually ends. Still though, did Doyle ever think in a million years that his wonderful characters would be dragged through the mud of every pervy fanfiction that the sick internet geek can think of to create? Did Carroll ever suspect that Alice and the Hatter would become freakish clown-like goth caricatures in Tim Burton's CGI-infested films? Would Austen really want her writing to be sold as badly-formatted ebooks?

The sharing of this Public Domain content isn't really an issue. Stories are meant to be told, meant to echo onward forever. That's what makes them magical. That being said, in the Information Age, there's a real lack of respect towards the creators of this original content. If, when I've been dead for 70 years and I then no longer have the rights to my novels, somebody gets the bright idea of doing anything funny with any of those novels, my ghost is going to rise from the grave and do some serious ass-kicking.”
― Rebecca McNutt

“I have lots of favorites. That's the trouble with books. You can never choose your favorite. It changes depending on your mood.”
― Veronica Henry, How to Find Love in a Bookshop

“She liked getting hold of some book... and keeping it to herself, and gnawing its contents in privacy, and pondering the meaning without sharing her thoughts with any one, or having to decide whether the book was a good one or a bad one.”
― Virginia Woolf, Night and Day

“I suppose what one wants really is ideal company and books are ideal company.”
― Anita Brookner

“Men who read a lot have a more sensitive disposition, added Fowler. [...]

I did not know what to say to this.

Maybe reading is a sort of curse is all I mean, concluded Fowler. Maybe it's better for a man to stay inside his own mind.

Amen, I felt like saying, although I do not know why.”
― Dan Simmons, The Terror

“Don't be afraid of books, even the most dissident, seemingly 'immoral' ones. Culture is a sure bet in life, whether high, low, eclectic, pop, ancient or modern. And I am convinced that reading is one of the most important tools of liberation that any human being, and a contemporary Arab woman in particular, can exploit. I am not saying it is the ONLY tool, especially with all the new alternative - more visual, interactive and hasty - ways of knowledge, learning and growth. But how could I not be convinced of literature's power, when it has been my original emancipator?”
― Joumana Haddad, I Killed Scheherazade: Confessions of an Angry Arab Woman

“...stories want to be told. Stories have a power of their own ... you can't write a story until you've felt it. Breathed it in. Walked with your characters. Talked with them.”
― Angelica Banks

“Books! tis a dull and endless strife:
Come, hear the woodland linnet,
How sweet his music! on my life,
There's more of wisdom in it.”
― William Wordsworth, Wordsworth: Poems

“Whenever Monsieur Perdu looked at a book, he did not see it purely in terms of a story, retail price and an essential balm for the soul; he saw freedom on wings of paper.”
― Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop

“Our clients' faces, with the customary outward paleness and inner glow of the book lover.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“We rely upon the poets, the philosophers, and the playwrights to articulate what most of us can only feel, in joy or sorrow. They illuminate the thoughts for which we only grope; they give us the strength and balm we cannot find in ourselves. Whenever I feel my courage wavering, I rush to them. They give me the wisdom of acceptance, the will and resiliance to push on.”
― Helen Hayes

“Every reader has found charms by which to secure possession of a page that, by magic, becomes as if never read before, fresh and immaculate.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“As many as six out of ten American adults have never read a book of any kind, and the bulletins from the nation’s educational frontiers read like the casualty reports from a lost war.”
― Lewis Lapham, Gag Rule: On the Suppression of Dissent and the Stifling of Democracy

“The face of the water, in time, became a wonderful book- a book that was a dead language to the uneducated passenger, but which told its mind to me without reserve, delivering its most cherished secrets as clearly as if it uttered them with a voice. And it was not a book to be read once and thrown aside, for it had a new story to tell every day.”
― Mark Twain

“I often carry things to read so that I will not have to look at the people.”
― CHARLES BUKOWSKI, The Last Night of the Earth Poems

“You turn the book over in your hands, you scan the sentences on the back of the jacket, generic phrases that don't say a great deal. So much the better, there is no message that indiscreetly outshouts the message that the book itself must communicate directly, that you must extract from the book, however much or little it may be. Of course, this circling of the book, too, this reading around it before reading inside it, is a part of the pleasure in a new book, but like all preliminary pleasures, it has its optimal duration if you want it to serve as a thrust toward the more substantial pleasure of the consummation of the act, namely the reading of the book.”
― Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler

“I reminded myself that a beginning and an ending are two different places, and, in real life, you might be able to make your own ending, whatever had gone before.”
― Stephanie Butland, Lost For Words

“Ending a series is a difficult one .......where should a story that you have followed for so long end? When do you step away from the characters and let the readers decide their fate from there? When they can stand on their own is my only answer for that.”
― Shandy L. Kurth

“Morris tried to keep the books in some sort of order, but they always mixed themselves up. The tragedies needed cheering up and would visit with the comedies. The encyclopedias, weary of facts, would relax with the comic books and fictions. All in all it was an agreeable jumble.”
― William Joyce, The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore

“A good book is a good friend. He will talk to you if you want him to talk, but will shut up if you don't want him to talk. - A library is a collection of good friends.”
― Lyman Abbott

“Literature cannot be imposed; it must be discovered.”
― Amy Joy

“All writers are vain, selfish, and lazy, and at the very bottom of their motives there lies a mystery. Writing a book is a horrible, exhausting struggle, like a long bout of some painful illness. One would never undertake such a thing if one were not driven on by some demon whom one can neither resist nor understand. For all one knows that demon is simply the same instinct that makes a baby squall for attention. And yet it is also true that one can write nothing readable unless one constantly struggles to efface one's own personality. Good prose is like a windowpane.”
― George Orwell, Why I Write

“Lest soviel ihr könnt! Lest Straßenschilder und Speisekarten, lest die Anschläge im Bürgermeisteramt, lest von mir aus Schundliteratur - aber lest! Lest! Sonst seid ihr verloren!”
― Walter Moers, Rumo & His Miraculous Adventures

“It has always been a happy thought to me that the creek runs on all night, new every minute, whether I wish it or know it or care, as a closed book on a shelf continues to whisper to itself its own inexhaustible tale.”
― Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek

“Leaving behind the babble of the plaza, I enter the Library. I feel, almost physically, the gravitation of the books, the enveloping serenity of order, time magically dessicated and preserved.”
― Jorge Luis Borges, Dreamtigers

“If your friend wishes to read your 'Plutarch's Lives,' 'Shakespeare,' or 'The Federalist Papers,' tell him gently but firmly, to buy a copy. You will lend him your car or your coat - but your books are as much a part of you as your head or your heart.”
― Mortimer J. Adler

“This is peculiarly an age in which each of us may, if he do but search diligently, find the literature suited to his mental powers.”
― P.G. Wodehouse, Something New

“Books are those faithful mirrors that reflect to our mind the minds of sages and heroes.”
― Edward Gibbon

“For him that stealeth, or borroweth and returneth not, this book from its owner,
Let it change into a serpent in his hand and rend him.
Let him be struck with palsy and all his members blasted.
Let him languish in pain crying out for mercy,
Let there be no surcease to his agony till he sink in dissolution.
Let bookworms gnaw his entrails in token of the worm that dieth not.
When at last he goeth to his final punishment,
Let the flames of Hell consume him forever.
[attributed to the Monastery of San Pedro in Barcelona, Spain]”
― Nicholas A. Basbanes, A Gentle Madness: Bibliophiles, Bibliomanes, and the Eternal Passion for Books

“In a second-hand bookshop head to the back, find the old books with dust undisturbed and worn off covers for these clothe true treasures.”
― Rachel Hall

“As with men, it has always seemed to me that books have their own peculiar destinies. They go towards the people who are waiting for them and reach them at the right moment. They are made of living material and continue to cast light through the darkness long after the death of their authors.”
― Miguel Serrano, C.G. Jung and Hermann Hesse: A Book of Two Friendships

“To my mind there is nothing so beautiful or so provocative as a secondhand book store...To me it is astonishing and miraculous to think that any one of us can poke among the stalls for something to read overnight--and that this something may be the sum of a lifetime of sweat, tears, and genius that some poor, struggling, blessed fellow expended trying to teach us the truth.”
― Lionel Barrymore

“"Based on a true story"? No, thanks. I prefer "based on a true imagination".”
― Enkelejd Lamaj

“Can you tell me what happened?"

Her lips thinned as she shook her head. "'Tis not a happy tale."

"You have me reading a book about a girl who tries to kill an entire town. Anything else at this point would be a pick me up.”
― Jenny B. Jones, There You'll Find Me

“Be passionate about what you write, believe in your ability to convey timeless ideas, and let no one tell you what what you're capable of.”
― Christina Westover

“One sheds ones sickness in books- repeats and presents again ones emotions, to be master of them.”
― D.H. Lawrence

“The book can produce an addiction as fierce as heroin or nicotine, forcing us to spend much of our lives, like junkies, in book shops and libraries, those literary counterparts to the opium den.”
― Phillip Adams

“Who wants a library full of books you've already read?”
― Harlan Ellison, Angry Candy

“Sure, I knew the differences between a space opera and a hard-boiled detective story and a historical novel...but I never cared about such differences. It seemed to me, then as now, that there are good stories and bad stories, and that was the only distinction that truly mattered.”
― George R.R. Martin, Warriors 1

“Every new book we read in our brief and busy lives means that a classic is left unread.”
― B.R. Myers

“Sometimes the things in our heads are far worse than anything they could put in books or on film!!”
― CK Webb

“Perhaps they were looking for passion; perhaps they delved into this book as into a mysterious parcel - a gift box at the bottom of which, hidden in layers of rustling tissue paper, lay something they'd always longed for but couldn't ever grasp.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin

“I could not resist the clarity of the world in books, the incredibly satisfying way in which life became weighty and accessible. Books were reality. I hadn't made up my own mind about my own life, a vague, dreamy affair, amorphous and dimly perceived, without beginning or end.”
― Frank Conroy, Stop-time

“So go back to the books. They will comfort you and cheer you. If you earnestly work with them, neither sorrow nor anxiety nor distress nor suffering need trouble your mind any more, no, not evermore.”
― Walter Wangerin Jr., Paul

“Every article and review and book that I have ever published has constituted an appeal to the person or persons to whom I should have talked before I dared to write it. I never launch any little essay without the hope—and the fear, because the encounter may also be embarrassing—that I shall draw a letter that begins, 'Dear Mr. Hitchens, it seems that you are unaware that…' It is in this sense that authorship is collaborative with 'the reader.' And there's no help for it: you only find out what you ought to have known by pretending to know at least some of it already.

It doesn't matter how obscure or arcane or esoteric your place of publication may be: some sweet law ensures that the person who should be scrutinizing your work eventually does do so.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“. . . she read with undifferentiated glee . . .”
― Sebastian Faulks, A Week in December

“Over there!"
"Where?" Enna asked in mock panic "Do you see something?”
― Shannon Hale

“It’s not easy to write a poem about a poem.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“... a book indeed sometimes debauched me from my work....”
― Benjamin Franklin

“For centuries, no one was concerned that books weren’t girl-friendly, because no one really cared if girls read; but even so, we persisted for long enough that literature has slowly come to accommodate us. Modern boys, by contrast, are not trying to read in a culture of opposition. Nobody is telling them reading doesn’t matter, that boys don’t need to read and that actually, no prospective wife looks for literacy in a husband. Quite the opposite! Male literary culture thrives, both teachers and parents are throwing books at their sons, and the fact that the books aren’t sticking isn’t, as the nature of the complaint makes clear, because boys don’t like reading – no. The accusation is that boys don’t like reading about girls, which is a totally different matter.

Because constantly, consistently, our supposedly equal society penalises boys who express an interest in anything feminine. The only time boys are discouraged from books all together is in contexts where, for whatever reason, they’ve been given the message that reading itself is girly – which is a wider extrapolation of the same problem.”
― Foz Meadows

“I have known men to hazard their fortunes, go long journeys halfway about the world, forget friendships, even lie, cheat, and steal, all for the gain of a book.”
― A.S.W. Rosenbach

“The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“What are you reading? isn’t a simple question when asked with genuine curiosity; it’s really a way of asking, Who are you now and who are you becoming?”
― Will Schwalbe, Books for Living

“There are treasures in books that all the money in the world cannot buy, but the poorest laborer can have for nothing.”
― Robert Ingersoll

“There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book, and a tired man who wants a book to read.”
― G.K. Chesteron

“She had lolled about for three years at Girton with the kind of books she could equally have read at home--Jane Austen, Dickens, Conrad, all in the library downstairs, in complete sets. How had that pursuit, reading the novels that others took as their leisure, let her think she was superior to anyone else?”
― Ian McEwan, Atonement

“We have to report this."

Kai sighed deeply in relief. "I was afraid you were going to say that we had to investigate it ourselves."

"Don't be ridiculous," Irene said briskly. "We may collect fiction, but we are not required to imitate the stupider parts of it.”
― Genevieve Cogman, The Invisible Library

“Make careful choice of the books which you read:
let the holy Scriptures ever have the preeminence.
Let Scripture be first and most in your hearts and
hands and other books be used as subservient to it.

While reading ask yourself:

1. Could I spend this time no better?

2. Are there better books that would edify me more?

3. Are the lovers of such a book as this the greatest
lovers of the Book of God and of a holy life?

4. Does this book increase my love to the Word of God,
kill my sin, and prepare me for the life to come?

"The words of the wise are like goads, their collected
sayings like firmly embedded nails—given by one Shepherd.
Be warned, my son, of anything in addition to them. Of
making many books there is no end, and much study
wearies the body." Ecclesiastes 12:11-12”
― Richard Baxter

“A book is never a masterpiece: it becomes one.”
― Carl Sandburg

“A book unwritten is a delightful universe of infinite possibilities. Set down one word, however, and it immediately becomes earthbound. Set down one sentence and it’s halfway to being just like every other bloody book that’s ever been written.”
― Robert Harris, The Ghost

“Collect books, even if you don’t plan on reading them right away. Filmmaker John Waters has said, “Nothing is more important than an unread library.”
― Austin Kleon, Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative

“Literature simply becomes richer after you've been fired, rejected, stranded, or had to change a few midnight diapers.”
― Christian Bauman

“Lanzarme con otro libro es tan grave como enamorarme, un impulso alocado que exige dedicación fanática. Con cada uno, como ante un nuevo amor, me pregunto si me alcanzarán las fuerzas para escribirlo y si acaso semejante proyecto vale la pena: hay demasiadas páginas inútiles y demasiados amoríos frustrados.”
― Isabel Allende, The Sum of Our Days: A Memoir

“The summer passed quietly. I busied myself as best I could, reading a good deal.”
― Michael Cox, The Meaning of Night

“A book is the only immortality”
― Rufus Choate

“[Books] were devices as crassly practical for storing or transmitting language, as the latest Silicon Valley miracles. But by accident, not by cunning calculation, books, because of their weight and texture, and because of their sweetly token resistance to manipulation, involve our hands and eyes, and then our mind and souls, in a spiritual adventure.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Timequake

“No one stepping for the first time into a room made of books can know instinctively how to behave, what is expected, what is promised, what is allowed. One may be overcome by horror--at the cluster or the vastness, the stillness, the mocking reminder of everything one doesn't know, the surveillance--and some of that overwhelming feeling may cling on, even after the rituals and conventions are learned, the geography mapped, and the natives found friendly.”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“There are times when I think that the ideal library is composed solely of reference books. They are like understanding friends—always ready to meet your mood, always ready to change the subject when you have had enough of this or that.”
― J. Donald Adams

“A general cry of "What book? What book? Let us see this famous book!”
― Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone

“Do you love tragedies and everything that breaks the heart?”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra

“Books have long been instruments of the divinatory arts. ”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“There's nothing so heavy as books, sir--unless it's bricks.”
― Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear

“It must be that people who read go on more macrocosmic and microcosmic trips – biblical god trips, the Tibetan Book of the Dead, Ulysses, Finnegan’s Wake trips. Non-readers, what do they get? (They get the munchies.)”
― Maxine Hong Kingston, Tripmaster Monkey: His Fake Book

“I only wrote prose before I met you.
My musings were superfluous and serious as well.
But now the words dance with me.
I sing with them
and we create poetry.”
― Kamand Kojouri

“As with companions so with books. We may choose those which will make us better, more intelligent, more appreciative of the good and the beautiful in the world, or we may choose the trashy, the vulgar, the obscene, which will make us feel as though we've been 'wallowing in the mire.”
― David O. McKay

“The spirits of the brain are directly connected to the testicles. This is why men who weary their imagination in books are less suitable for procreative functions...”
― Louis de la Forge

“He says he knows someone isn't from the same race as he when that person looks at his library and asks, 'Have you read all of these?' A true book lover knows that, no, he hasn't read them all. It's about the process, it's about when the right reference comes up, you have the right book to go to; it's about never being without something to occupy your eyes and mind.”
― Jamie S. Rich, The Everlasting

“Most books are so well written they barely have any effect on the reader’s senses”
― Steve Aylett, Toxicology

“....her life would be a giddy crossword, working down from some clues and across from others.”
― Leif Enger (So Brave, Young, and Handsome)

“Books were her salvation. As a child, she’d had a shelf of childhood favorites that she loved enough to read over and over again. But after, during the hospital stay and the long voyage and the cold days in Idlewild’s dreary hallways, books became more than mere stories. They were her lifeline, the pages as essential to her as breathing.”
― Simone St. James, The Broken Girls

“But after all we are not children, not illiterate juvenile delinquents, not English public school boys who after a night of homosexual romps have to endure the paradox of reading the Ancients in expurgated versions.”
― Vladimir Nabokov

“الكتب كالبشر .. قليل منها يلعب دورا عظيما”
― فولتير

“[A]s Agatha Swanburne once said, 'To be kept waiting is unfortunate, but to be kept waiting with nothing interesting to read is a tragedy of Greek proportions.”
― Maryrose Wood, The Hidden Gallery

“Ereaders were a great convenience, but nothing could beat the smell of a library and old books.”
― Kate Evangelista, Taste

“There's a book for everyone, even if they don't think there is. A book that reaches in and grabs your soul.”
― Veronica Henry, How to Find Love in a Bookshop

“What is more important to a library than anything else -- than everything else -- is the fact that it exists."

[The Premise Of Meaning, American Scholar; Washington, DC, June 5, 1972]”
― Archibald MacLeish

“And Marianne, who had the knack of finding her way in every house to the library, however it might be avoided by the family in general, soon procured herself a book.”
― Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility

“Perhaps that is the best way to say it: printed books are magical, and real bookshops keep that magic alive.”
― Jen Campbell, The Bookshop Book

“Yes, we'll have to put a stop to this bookworming. No future in that.”
― Molly Keane, Good Behaviour

“I long ago abandoned myself to a blind lust for the written word. Literature is my sandbox. In it I play, build my forts and castles, spend glorious time. It is the world outside that box that gives me trouble. I have adapted tamely, though not conventionally, to this visible world so I can retreat without much inconvenience into my inner world of books.”
― Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman

“We read in slow, long motions, as if drifting in space, weightless. We read full of prejudice, malignantly. We read generously, making excuses for the text, filling gaps, mending faults. And sometimes, when the stars are kind, we read with an intake of breath, with a shudder... as if a memory had suddenly been rescued from a place deep within us--the recognition of something we never knew was there...”
― Manguel Alberto, A History of Reading

“I kiss her. I kiss her and kiss her. I try not to bite her lip. She tastes like vodkahoney.”
― Lidia Yuknavitch, Dora: A Headcase

“For a game, you don’t need a teacher.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“The waltz held the feeling you get when you finish a well-loved book. It left me longing for something I couldn't name.”
― Louise Miller, The City Baker's Guide to Country Living

“Writers Are Insane. For months we are lone wolves locked in our caves. Then overnight we become publicity hounds. It's a schizophrenic business.”
― Robert Mykle

“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I've always loved joining clubs--although, in truth, they're usually book clubs." ~Robecca Steam”
― Gitty Daneshvari, Monster High: Ghoulfriends Forever

“Its better to hold a book between your Fingers than to Hold a Cigarette.”
― Bista Nirooj

“It is not all books that are as dull as their readers. There are probably words addressed to our condition exactly, which, if we could really hear and understand, would be more salutary than the morning or the spring to our lives, and possibly put a new aspect on the face of things for us. How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“It is not all books that are as dull as their readers.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“I doubt if ever one ceases to love, but one can cease to be in love as easily as one can outgrow an author one admired as a boy.”
― Graham Greene, Doctor Fischer of Geneva or The Bomb Party

“The book exists for us perchance which will explain our miracles and reveal new ones. The at present unutterable things we may find somewhere uttered. These same questions that disturb and puzzle and confound us have in their turn occurred to all the wise men; not one has been omitted; and each has answered them, according to his ability, by his words and his life.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“I am often asked a stock question: 'Have you actually read all those books?' To this I have my answer ready: 'Is there anybody who has read all the books in his library?' That would be like claiming to enjoy the incredible luxury and good fortune of being able to accomplish everything in this life that one would wish.”
― Konstantinos Staikos

“Better to keep it in the old heads, where no one can see it or suspect it. We are all bits and pieces of history and literature and international law. Byron, Tom Paine, Machiavelli, or Christ, it's here. And the hour's late. And the war's begun. And we are out here, and the city is there, all wrapped up in its own coat of a thousand colors... All we want to do is keep the knowledge we think we will need intact and safe. We're not out to incite or anger anyone yet. For if we are destroyed, the knowledge is dead, perhaps for good... Right now we have a horrible job; we're waiting for the war to begin and, as quickly, end. It's not pleasant, but then we're not in control, we're the odd minority crying in the wilderness. When the war's over, perhaps we can be of some use in the world.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“I left the bank
because they wouldn’t deposit
my cheque of poems.
So I went to the store,
but they didn’t accept
my currency of words.
So I boxed all my stories
and took them to charity.
But they refused my donation
and asked me to give blood instead.
I opened the notebooks
and made them look, 'What do you think
I wrote these in?”
― Kamand Kojouri

“Ah, if only we were born roaring with laughter and took that emotional template through life with us! Whoever's in charge seriously messed up somewhere. I can only hope that right now, that selfsame Whoever is wryly relating their cock-up to some celestial colleague, who responds: 'Hey, you should put that in a book. LOL!”
― Steve Cole

“It is intolerable to have one's sufferings twinned with anybody else's.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Cats and books are my universe. Both are infinitely fascinating and full of mystery.”
― Rai Aren

“When they arrived at the palace she had a word with Grant, the young footman in charge, who said it was security and that while ma'am had been in the Lords the sniffer dogs had been round and security had confiscated the book. He though it had probably been exploded.

'Exploded?' said the Queen. 'But it was Anita Brookner.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“There is something nice about a library, isn't there?" Mr. Curtis said. He nodded and took in the familiar scenery. "The scent of ink and worn, dusty pages.”
― Ilana Waters, The Adventures of Stanley Delacourt

“What is more natural than that a solidity, a complicity, a bond should be established between Reader and Reader, thanks to the book?
You can leave the bookshop content, you, a man who thought that the period where you could still expect something from life had ended. You are bearing with you two different expectations, and both promise days of pleasant hopes; the expectation contained in the book - of a reading experience you are impatient to resume - and the expectation contained in that telephone number - of hearing again the vibrations, a times treble and at times smoldering, of that voice, when it will answer your first phone call in a while, in fact tomorrow, with the fragile pretext of the book, to ask her if she likes it or not, to tell her how many pages you have read or not read, to suggest to her that you meet again...”
― Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler

“Yes, the stories are dangerous, she was right. A book is a magic carpet that flies you off elsewhere. A book is a door. You open it. You step through. Do you come back?”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“The best book is not one that informs merely, but one that stirs the reader up to inform himself.”
― A.W. Tozer, Man The Dwelling Place Of God

“Make no mistake, those who write long books have nothing to say.
Of course those who write short books have even less to say.”
― Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves

“But Neve, you can’t start a book and leave it halfway through,’ he’d said implacably. ‘It’s almost as bad as turning down the corner of the page, instead of using a bookmark.”
― Sarra Manning, You Don't Have to Say You Love Me

“Until recently, I was an ebook sceptic, see; one of those people who harrumphs about the “physical pleasure of turning actual pages” and how ebook will “never replace the real thing”. Then I was given a Kindle as a present. That shut me up. Stock complaints about the inherent pleasure of ye olde format are bandied about whenever some new upstart invention comes along. Each moan is nothing more than a little foetus of nostalgia jerking in your gut. First they said CDs were no match for vinyl. Then they said MP3s were no match for CDs. Now they say streaming music services are no match for MP3s. They’re only happy looking in the rear-view mirror.”
― Charlie Brooker

“Books were my passion and my escape from madness.”
― Dorothea Benton Frank, The Christmas Pearl

“There is much you can learn from books and scrolls. These books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.”
― Christopher Paolini, Eragon

“If she were running through the rye, if she were headed towards the abyss, I would grab hold with every ounce of my strength, with every scared beat of my heart, with every thought that could only be for her. And if I were to be running the same way, I’d like to think she’d do the same. But maybe her hands would be busy holding the book. Maybe she wouldn’t see me, too intent on looking for Phoebe from the carousel. Or waiting for Holden to hold her, to wrap her in the pages of his arms, to say she was the only one who truly knew him, as I plunged past her, sad to be leaving, and a little happy to be away.”
― David Levithan, The Realm of Possibility

“God, he thought, her eyes are so bright, flashing, deep, full of promise, all those things eyes are in books but never are in life, and she was his.”
― John Crowley, Little, Big

“I'm not courting death; I've far too many books left to read.”
― Alison Sinclair, Shadowborn

“And as I surveyed the clutter of his study I was pleased to see that he was a man after my own heart. All of his money appeared to have been spent on either books or shelves to hold them.”
― Ross King, Ex-Libris

“I realise people exist who don't read. But it's like I knew there were people who didn't breathe or eat: I can't imagine a life like that.”
― Sarah Rees Brennan

“I spend many hours in conversation with wonderful characters from fantastic books.”
― Patti Roberts

“Readers, not critics, are the people who determine a book's eventual fate.”
― Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast

“Judge not lest ye be judged yourself.”
― Metallica

“Library books were, I suddenly realized, promiscuous, ready to lie down in the arms of anyone who asked. Not like bookstore books, which married their purchasers, or were brokered for marriages to others.”
― Elizabeth McCracken, The Giant's House

“If a book did nothing else for you, other than to save you from the company of other people; if all it did was to deliver you from their gossip, and their dull affairs, and their appalling manners, and their rotten Arabic, and their stupid ideas, and their woefully misguided opinions, and above all, from the need to be polite to them; if a book did nothing more than that, it would still be the best friend you ever had.”
― Andrew Killeen, The Khalifah's Mirror

“She thought it must be a lonely life for a boy who hated books.”
― Hilda Van Stockum, The Borrowed House

“I believe that everyone should have a dream and believe in it. Make it real, bring it to life. You'll never regret trying. Trying is what strengthens your heart and delivers courage. Once you believe in yourself, nothing can stop you.”
― Richard Denney

“الفارق بين الأدب الحقيقي حين يتعرض لموقف جنسي وبين الكتابة الرخيصة التي تصور المواقف الجنسية بقصد الإثارة والرواج هو نية الكاتب وفلسفته، وهذا لا يمكن الحكم عليه إلا بشعور القاريء وما خرج به من القصة أو العمل الفني، فإذا خرج من مطالعة عمل فني باحساس المتعة الجسدية فقط، وكان هذا هو كل ما ترسب في نفسك منه فأنت أمام عمل الغرض منه الاثارة الجنسية ، لأن هذا هو ما حصلته منه فعلا، ولكن عندما تبقى في نفسك مباديء أخرى تترسب من الموقف الجنسي، بمعنى أنك عندما تطالع عملاً أدبياً موضوعه الجنس ولكنه يؤدي بك إلى التفكير في شيء اجتماعي أو روحي أو فكري فإنك في هذه الحالة لا تكون أمام عمل القصد منه الإثارة الجنسية لا أكثر.”
― توفيق الحكيم, ملامح داخلية

“One act presses upon another, on a path we have no choice but to follow, and each time there are reasons. We do what we must, we do what we are told, we do what is easiest. What else can we do but solve one sordid problem at a time? Then we look up and find... this.”
― Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings

“It’s been a tough couple of years for condescending nerds. And if bookstores fall, Jon, America will be inundated with a wandering, snarky underclass of unemployable purveyors of useless and arcane esoterica.”
― John Hodgman

“Books are like people: fascinating, inspiring, thought-provoking, some laugh, some meditate, others ache with old age, but still have wisdom: some are disease-ridden, some deceitful; but others are a delight to behold, and many travel to foreign lands; some cry, some teach, others are lots of fun, they are excellent companions and all have individuality - Books are friends. What person has too many friends?”
― Gladys Hunt

“I'm not trying to please anyone. I'm just trying to write a damn book.”
― Richard Denney

“I put the books I was returning on the appropriate desk, and I began looking at the shelves of new arrivals. Most of them were some permutation on self-help. Going by how popular these books were and how often they were checked out, everyone in Bon Temps should have become perfect by now.”
― Charlaine Harris, From Dead to Worse

“I guess a bit part of serious fiction’s purpose is to give the reader, who like all of us is sort of marooned in her own skull, to give her imaginative access to other selves.”
― David Foster Wallace

“Loving Sarah was like reading a particularly good book. That pressing and overwhelming need to just devour it as fast as possible is matched only by the need to savour it slowly and completely, lest all come to an end too soon. The all-consuming emotions are so many and varied that it is almost impossible to pick out one for a few minutes attention. They mainly stay jumbled and unattended, and for the most part not entirely understood or satisfied. But then, maybe it is in the understanding of our love for someone that the love itself disappears altogether. If so, then I don't want to understand, and I remain content to simply experience her. Somehow, the more I learn about Sarah, the better I understand myself.
And the more I fall in love.”
― Nadine Rose Larter, Coffee at Little Angels

“I write books, bitch!”
― Junnita Jackson

“The thinnest thing in the world is the border between good and evil... my next The Opposite Of Magic.”
― Ivan Stoikov - Allan Bard

“On a day like today,
there's no friend like a book.”
― Laura Purdie Salas, BookSpeak!: Poems about Books

“If the college you visit has a bookstore filled with t-shirts rather than books, find another college.”
― Albert Mohler Jr.

“Novels are food for the leftover hours of life, the in-between times, the moments of waiting.”
― Young-ha Kim, I Have the Right to Destroy Myself

“Bookish people, who are often maladroit people, persist in thinking they can master any subtlety so long as it's been shaped into acceptable expository prose.”
― Carol Shields, Unless

“Flowers don't tell, they show. That's the way good books should be too."--Stephanie Skeem. Author of Flotsam”
― Stephanie Skeem

“distringit librorum multitudo

(the abundance of books is distraction)”
― Seneca

“The written word is all that stands between memory and oblivion. Without books as our anchors, we are cast adrift, neither teaching nor learning. They are windows on the past, mirrors on the present, and prisms reflected all possible futures. Books are lighthouses erected on the dark sea of time.”
― Greg Weisman

“I enjoy books. No room is fit for occupation without a lining of books.”
― Martin Booth, A Very Private Gentleman

“Write from the heart. A book without a pulse is like a person without a spirit." Linda Radke, President of Five Star Publications”
― Linda F. Radke

“Suddenly the full long wail of a ship's horn surged through the open window and flooded the dim room - a cry of boundless, dark, demanding grief; pitch-black and glabrous as a whale's back and burdened with all the passions of the tides, the memory of voyages beyond counting, the joys, the humiliations: the sea was screaming. Full of the glitter and the frenzy of night, the horn thundered in, conveying from the distant offing, from the dead center of the sea, a thirst for the dark nectar in the little room.”
― Yukio Mishima, The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea

“Books are a bad family - there are those you love, and those you are indifferent to; idiots and mad cousins who you would banish except others enjoy their company; wrongheaded but fascinating eccentrics and dreamy geniuses; orphaned grandchildren; and endless brothers-in-law simply taking up space who you wish you could send straight to hell. Except you can't, for the most part. You must house them and make them comfortable and worry about them when they go on trips and there is never enough room.”
― Elizabeth McCracken, The Giant's House

“I hope I don't write TOO many books! When I look at authors who have written too many books, I wonder to myself "When did they live?" I certainly want to write BECAUSE I live! I know I don't want to write in order to live! My writing is an overflow of the wine glass of my life, not a basin in which I wash out my ideals and expectations.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Knowledge drifts in and out of my mind", said Lestat with a little look of honest distress and a shake of his head. "I devour it and then I lose it and sometimes I can't reach for any knowledge that I ought to possess. I feel desolate, but then knowledge returns or I seek it out in a knew source."

(...)

"But you love books, then", Aunt Queen was saying. I had to listen.

"Oh, yes," Lestat said. "Sometimes they're the only thing that keeps me alive."

"What a thing to say at your age", she laughed.

"No, but one can feel desperate at any age, don't you think? The young are eternally desperate," he said frankly. "And books, they offer one hope - that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe, one is saved.”
― Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm

“In a school community, someone who reads a book for some secretive purpose, other than discussing it, is strange. What was she reading for?”
― John Irving, The World According to Garp

“The only way to make a library safe is to lock people out of it. As long as they are allowed to read the books 'any old time they have a mind to,' libraries will remain the nurseries of heresy and independence of thought. They will, in fact, preserve that freedom which is a far more important part of our lives than any ideology or orthodoxy, the freedom that dissolves orthodoxies and inspires solutions to the ever-changing challenges of the future. I hope that your library and mine will continue in this way to be dangerous for many years to come.”
― Edmund S. Morgan, American Heroes: Profiles of Men and Women Who Shaped Early America

“He wanted nothing, for the time being, except to understand .... Without advice, assistance or plan, he began reading an incongruous assortment of books; he would find some passage which he could not understand in one book, and he would get another on that subject .... There was no order in his reading; but there was order in what remained of it in his mind.”
― Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead

“Pretjerano čitanje ne čini nas pametnijim. Neki ljudi jednostavno 'gutaju' knjige. Oni to čine bez onih neophodnih intervala razmišljanja, koji su potrebni da se pročitano 'svari', preradi, usvoji, razumije. Kod čitanja lični doprinos je potreban kao što je pčeli potreban 'unutrašnji' rad, pa i vrijeme, da sakupljeni cvijetni prah pretvori u med.”
― Alija Izetbegović, Izetbegovic of Bosnia and Herzegovina: Notes from Prison, 1983-1988

“We are thickly layered, page lying upon page, behind simple covers. And love - it is not the book itself, but the binding.”
― Deb Caletti, Honey, Baby, Sweetheart

“As one tends to the graves of the dead, so I tend the books. I clean them, do minor repairs, keep them in good order. And every day I open a volume or two, read a few lines or pages, allow the voices of the forgotten dead to resonate inside my head. Do they sense it, these dead writers, when their books are read? Does a pinprick of light appear in their darkness? Is their soul stirred by the feather touch of another mind reading theirs? I do hope so, for it must be very lonely being dead.”
― Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale

“Suddenly the reader's eyes were filled with tears, and a loving voice whispered in his ear: -Why are you crying if everything in that book isn't true?- And the reader replied: -I know; but what I feel is real.”
― Ángel González

“I'm the first to admit that I don't write right. Now, relax and enjoy the show! The sideshow, that is.”
― Lori R. Lopez

“ان الناس لاتعرف ان كتابا واحدا كفيل بان يغير مجرى حياة الانسان.”
― Malcolm X

“And please return it. You may think this a strange request, but I find that although my friends are poor arithmeticians, they are nearly all of them good bookkeepers.”
― Sir Walter Scott

“A book is never finished; it's abandoned.”
― Gene Fowler

“That's it then. This is how it ends. I haven't even read Proust.”
― James Turner, Rex Libris Volume Two: Book Of Monsters

“Reading is of course dry work, and further refreshment was called for and consumed.”
― Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone

“Any given censor is a fool. The very fact that he is a censor indicates that.”
― Heywood Broun, Anthony Comstock: Roundsman of the Lord

“That's why I've just gone on … collecting this particular kind of stuff – what you might call riff-raff. There's not a book here, Lawford, that hasn't at least a glimmer of the real thing in it – just Life, seen through a living eye, and felt. As for literature, and style, and all that gallimaufry, don't fear for them if your author has the ghost of a hint of genius in his making.”
― Walter de la Mare, The Return

“That's my point: if you own thirty or more books, or you are reading any book at this moment, you may protest all you want, but you were born on the wrong continent.”
― Thomas Geoghegan, Were You Born on the Wrong Continent?: How the European Model Can Help You Get a Life

“People shock me when they say they never read. When I was young, if people didn't read they would never admit it. Now, its quite acceptable to be anti-intellectual.”
― Joan Vass

“Desejava uma verdadeira livraria tal como um viciado deseja uma dose. Não havia mesmo nada melhor do que aquele maravilhoso cheiro a livros novos, tocar nas capas e folhear um livro, cujas páginas, se calhar, nunca tinham sido folheadas.
(...)
Há pessoas obececadas e apaixonadas por sapatos. Os sapatos eram bonitos, mas não se podia ficar a noite toda acordade a ler um par, pois não?”
― Jill Mansell, An Offer You Can't Refuse

“Books open new worlds to me.”
― Aya Ling, The Ugly Stepsister

“Books are more precious than jewels. She truly believed this. What did a diamond bring you? A momentary flash of brilliance. A diamond scintillated for second; a book could scintillate forever.”
― Veronica Henry, How to Find Love in a Bookshop

“All memory is individual, unreproducible - it dies with each person. What is called collective memory is not a remembering but a stipulating: that this is important, and this is the story about how it happened, with the pictures that lock the story in our minds.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Good books are for consideration after, too.”
― Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis

“Between ourselves, there is no such thing, abstractly, as a 'good' book. A book is 'good' only when it meets some human hunger or refutes some human error. ”
― Christopher Morley

“Geschichten sind die Essenz des Lebens, Apolonia", sagte er, so ernst wie immer, und sie hatte das Gefühl, dass es auf der ganzen Welt keinen gescheiteren Menschen gab. "Menschen kommen und gehen. Aber Geschichten überdauern die Zeit, denn sie sind hier in den Büchern, sie sind wie Schätze eingeschlossen und leben ewig. Du, Apolonia, wirst all das hier erben und nach mir die Bücher kaufen, verkaufen und lieben, die die ganze Schönheit der Welt in sich tragen.”
― Jenny-Mai Nuyen, Nocturna - Die Nacht der gestohlenen Schatten

“I think about stories and their logic and wonder if there can be any such thing as simply "there is a book.”
― Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y

“I look at the books on my library shelves. They certainly seem dormant. But what if the characters are quietly rearranging themselves? What if Emma Woodhouse doesn’t learn from her mistakes? What if Tom Jones descends into a sodden life of poaching and outlawry? What if Eve resists Satan, remembering God’s injunction and Adam’s loving advice? I imagine all the characters bustling to get back into their places as they feel me taking the book down from the shelf. “Hurry,” they say, “he’ll expect to find us exactly where he left us, never mind how much his life has changed in the meantime.”
― VERLYN KLINKENBORG

“Unless a convention of anarchists visited the library yesterday, most books ought to be in their rightful places.”
― Evelyn Skye, The Crown's Game

“The difference between a novelist and someone who tinkers around with writing is this: novelists finish their books.”
― Nancy Etchemendy

“Love the great narcotic was the revealer in the alchemist's bottle rendering visible the most untraceable substances.
Love the great narcotic was the agent provocateur exposing all the secret selves to daylight.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“When you're in my arms, I know you're mine. But your feet are so swift, so swift, they carry you as lightly as wings, I never know where, too fast, too fast away from me.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Remember the good hours when the words are flowing well. And never mind the bad hours; there is no life without them.”
― Herman Wouk

“I'd much rather fall to my death than admit my weakness to you."
"The captain of the Royal Guard wants to impress a lowly handmaiden?"
"A clumsy young man wants to impress a beautiful young woman.”
― Renee Ahdieh, The Moth & the Flame

“Just aiming a speely input device, or a Farspark chambre, or whatever you call it... a speelycaptor... at something doesn't collect what is meaningful to me. I need someone to gather it in with all their senses, mix it round in their head, and make it over into words.”
― Neal Stephenson, Anathem

“Fire is a speed reader, which is why the ignorant burn books: fire races through pages, takes care of all the knowledge, and never bores you with a summary.”
― Elizabeth McCracken, The Giant's House

“All good things are powerful stimulants to life, even a good book written against life.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human: A Book for Free Spirits

“Is there an antidote to the perennial seductiveness of war? And is this a question a woman is more likely to pose than a man? (Probably yes.)”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Then it is not uncommon for a man to become lost in a single letter, or hear a voice rise up from the silent page.”
― Howard Schwartz

“I doubt I was much of a storyteller, but I would have put that smile in my book. On page 104, right next to the image of the Ward. I would have written it on my heart. I would have proofread it a thousand times under a thousand moons until a thousand tears thoroughly rationalized what it meant to me. Each time for when I’d met the darkness, and then succumbed. The smile read “you can’t break me’”—bold and in italics.”
― Nadège Richards, Asylum 54.0

“His books commingled democratically, united under the all-inclusive flag of Literature. Some were vertical, some horizontal, and some actually placed behind others. Mine were balkanized by nationality and subject matter.”
― Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader

“It feels to me as thought I've become the character in it, and the character's life ends when the books does. I suppose there are times I'm glad too. Then the ending is like coming out of a bad dream, and I feel all light and free, reborn. I sometimes wonder whether writers really know what they're doing to us readers. [...] I don't read much anymore [...] maybe for that reason. Because I didn't want books to have me in their power. It's like poison. I imagined I'd become immune. But you never become immune. On the contrary.”
― Peter Stamm, Agnes

“I found it hard to think of leaving my books. They had been my elevators out of the midden, and to whom could I entrust such close friends?”
― Maya Angelou, Gather Together in My Name

“There are two kinds of books in the world--the boring kind they make you read in school and the interesting kind that they won't let you read in school because then they would have to talk about real stuff like sex and divorce and is there a God and if there isn't then what happens when you die, and how come the history books have so many lies in them.”
― LouAnne Johnson

“I knew books could see people around them, they ground their tiny teeth, tried to rattle like windows, stories to tell.”
― Steve Aylett, Shamanspace

“All that's needed now is a great novel that will capture the imagination of the public - move them, enrage them, thrill them, terrify them, scandalize them. A story that will seize them by the hand and lead them into the streets where they've never dared set foot, a tale that throws back the sheets from acts never shown and voices never heard. A tale that fearlessly points the finger at those who are to blame...”
― Michael Farber

“Pela experiência única que propicia, o amor é eterno, nunca vai deixar de existir. Como o livro, que nenhuma versão digital pode substituir. Nada se equipara ao prazer do livro nas mãos, do dedo prendendo a página ou deslizando sobre a frase escrita no papel. O livro a gente dá e recebe. Às vezes com uma dedicatória inesquecível que faz dele um exemplar especial, único.”
― Betty Milan

“I love knowing that people now own a piece of a world that I created.”
― Ainsley Peace

“We have evolved a new cosmogony of literature, Boris and I. It is to be a new Bible - The Last Book. All those who have anything to say will say it here - anonymously. We will exhaust the age. After us not another book - not for a generation, at least. Heretofore we had been digging in the dark, with nothing but instinct to guide us. Now we shall have a vessel in which to pour the vital fluid, a bomb which, when we throw it, will set off the world. We shall put into it enough to give the writers of tomorrow their plots, their dramas, their poems, their myths, their sciences. The world will be able to feed on it for a thousand years to come. It is colossal in its pretentiousness. The thought of it almost shatters us.”
― Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer

“You can't keep living without breathing; don't keep living without reading!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“She was too tired to feel anything more, she wanted a book to do to her what books did: take away the world, slide it aside for a little bit, and let her please, please just be somewhere and somebody else”
― Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land

“هناك كتب .. غلافـها أفضل ما فيها”
― Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist

“الكتب التي تقرأها بإرادتك هي التي تحدد مصيرك عندما لا يكون بيدك الخيار”
― أوسكار وايلد

“That which others hear or read of, I felt and practised myself; they get their knowledge by books, I mine by melancholizing.”
― Robert Burton, The Anatomy of Melancholy

“If you read one book a week, starting at the age of 5, and live to be 80, you will have read a grand total of 3,900 books, a little over one-tenth of 1 percent of the books currently in print.”
― Lewis Buzbee, The Yellow-Lighted Bookshop: A Memoir, a History

“I wasn’t reading poetry because my aim was to work my way through English Literature in Prose A–Z.

But this was different.

I read [in, Murder in the Cathedral by T.S. Eliot]: This is one moment, / But know that another / Shall pierce you with a sudden painful joy.

I started to cry.

(…)The unfamiliar and beautiful play made things bearable that day, and the things it made bearable were another failed family—the first one was not my fault, but all adopted children blame themselves. The second failure was definitely my fault.

I was confused about sex and sexuality, and upset about the straightforward practical problems of where to live, what to eat, and how to do my A levels.

I had no one to help me, but the T.S. Eliot helped me.

So when people say that poetry is a luxury, or an option, or for the educated middle classes, or that it shouldn’t be read at school because it is irrelevant, or any of the strange and stupid things that are said about poetry and its place in our lives, I suspect that the people doing the saying have had things pretty easy. A tough life needs a tough language—and that is what poetry is. That is what literature offers—a language powerful enough to say how it is.

It isn’t a hiding place. It is a finding place.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“So now books were her only friends. She'd read Lord of the Rings so often she could recite whole scenes by memory.

It was not a skill that aided one in becoming popular.”
― Kristin Hannah, Firefly Lane

“Books have survived television, radio, talking pictures, circulars (early magazines), dailies (early newspapers), Punch and Judy shows, and Shakespeare's plays. They have survived World War II, the Hundred Years' War, the Black Death, and the fall of the Roman Empire. They even survived the Dark Ages, when almost no one could read and each book had to be copied by hand. They aren't going to be killed off by the Internet.”
― Vicki Myron, Dewey: The Small-Town Library Cat Who Touched the World

“We have no time to waste on insignificant books, hollow books, books that are there to please...

We want books that cost their authors a great deal, books where you can feel the years of work, the backache, the writer's block, the author's panic at the thought that he might be lost: his discouragement, his courage, his anguish, his stubbornness, the risk of failure that he has taken.”
― Laurence Cossé, A Novel Bookstore

“School did give me one of the greatest gifts of my life, though. I learned how to read, and for that I remain thankful. I would have died otherwise. As soon as I was able, I read, alone. Under the covers with a flashlight or in my corner of the attic—I sought solace in books. It was from books that I started to get an inkling of the kinds of assholes I was dealing with. I found allies too, in books, characters my age who were going through or had triumphed against the same bullshit.”
― Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot

“Books bring alluring colors to our mundane black and white world.”
― Caleb Reese

“She would go off in the morning with the punt full of books, and spend long glorious days away in the forest lying on the green springy carpet of whortleberries, reading. She would most diligently work at furnishing her empty mind. She would sternly endeavour to train it not to jump.”
― Elizabeth von Arnim, The Pastor's Wife

“I won't be sad too often,
If they bury me in the library
With bookworms in my coffin.”
― J. Patrick Lewis

“فكر قبل أن تتكلم، واقرأ قبل أن تفكر”
― Fran Lebowitz, The Fran Lebowitz Reader

“I inhaled the musty, leathery, old-papery scent and a shiver passed over me. If I had any idea of heaven, it was this: shelves and shelves of books, ten times as many as were upstairs, each with stories or pictures more exciting and beautiful than the next, and two overstuffed chairs big enough for me to sleep in.”
― Clay Carmichael, Wild Things

“And sometimes, when the stars are kind, we read with an intake of breath, with a shudder, as if someone or something had 'walked over our grave,' as if a memory had suddenly been rescued from a place deep within us - the recognition of something we never knew was there, or of something we vaguely felt as a flicker or a shadow, whose ghostly form rises and passes back into us before we can see what it is, leaving us older and wiser.”
― Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading

“In fiction, the characters have their own lives. They may start as a gloss on the author’s life, but they move on from there. In poetry, especially confessional poetry but in other poetry as well, the poet is not writing characters so much as emotional truth wrapped in metaphor. Bam! Pow! A shot to the gut.”
― Jane Yolen

“The library made me feel safe, as if every question had an answer and there was nothing to be afraid of, as long as I could sort through another volume.”
― Dee Williams

“Clothes were to Sylvia what books were to me: the only thing that really mattered.”
― Kimberly McCreight, Reconstructing Amelia

“I believe you have to write every day–make the time. It’s about having an organized mind instead of a chaotic and untidy one. There is a myth that writers are bohemian and do what they like in their own way. Real writers are the most organized people on the planet. You have to be. You’re doing the work and running your own business as well. It’s an incredibly organized state.

[Also reading]…one of the things reading does do is discipline your mind. There are no writers who are not readers.”
― Jeanette Winterson

“I had said that Le Guin's worlds were real because her people were so real, and he said yes, but the people were so real because they were the people the worlds would have produced. If you put Ged to grow up on Anarres or Shevek in Earthsea, they would be the same people, the backgrounds made the people, which of course you see all the time in mainstream fiction, but it's rare in SF.”
― Jo Walton, Among Others

“He believes that if talent is demanded of a literary publisher or a writer, it must also be demanded of a reader. Because we mustn’t deceive ourselves: on the journey of reading we often travel through difficult terrains that demand a capacity for intelligent emotion, a desire to understand the other, and to approach a language distinct from the one of our daily tyrannies… Writers fail readers, but it also happens the other way around and readers fail writers when all they ask of them is confirmation that the world is how they see it.”
― Enrique Vila-Matas, Dublinesque

“Six books… my mother didn’t want books falling into my hands. It never occurred to her that I fell into the books – that I put myself inside them for safe keeping.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“A bran' new book is a beautiful thing, all promise and fresh pages, the neatly squared spine, the brisk sense of a journey beginning. But a well-worn book also has its pleasures, the soft caress and give of the paper's edges, the comfort, like an old shawl, of an oft-read story.”
― Lewis Buzbee, The Haunting of Charles Dickens

“Lacey-girl, books take you anywhere. Any place you want to go. You remember that always.”
― Carol Lynch Williams, Miles from Ordinary

“Rows and rows of books lined the shelves and I let my eyes linger on the sturdy spines, thinking how human books were, so full of ideas and images, worlds imagined, worlds perceived; full of fingerprints and sudden laughter and the sighs of readers, too. It was humbling to consider all these authors, struggling with this word or that phrase, recording their thoughts for people they'd never meet. In that same way, the detritus of the boxes was humbling - receipts, jotted notes, photos with no inscriptions, all of it once held together by the fabric of lives now finished, gone.”
― Kim Edwards, The Lake of Dreams

“What's the point of a houseful of books you've already read?”
― Cory Doctorow, Someone Comes to Town, Someone Leaves Town

“Currently, the Library of Congress houses eighteen million books. American publishers add another two hundred thousand titles to this stack each year. This means that at the current publishing rate, ten million new books will be added in the next fifty years. Add together the dusty LOC volumes with the shiny new and forthcoming books, and you get a bookshelf-warping total of twenty-eight million books available for an English reader in the next fifty years! But you can read only 2,600 - because you are a wildly ambitious book devourer. ... For every one book that you choose to read, you must ignore ten thousand other books simply because you don't have the time (or money!).”
― Tony Reinke, Lit!: A Christian Guide to Reading Books

“Do I dare ask him for what I want,
As if I knew it,
Could find it on some page
In some chapter
In some book?”
― Stasia Ward Kehoe, Audition

“People with Books. What, in 2007, could be more incongruous than that? It makes me want to laugh."

[Afterword]”
― Michael Chabon, Gentlemen of the Road

“One kind of good book should leave you asking: how did the author know that about me?”
― Alain de Botton

“Leaving behind books is even more beautiful — there are far too many children.”
― Marguerite Yourcenar

“[I]f a book is well written, I always find it too short.”
― Jane Austen, Catharine and Other Writings

“I always say, 'Books beat boredom,' said Amanda wisely.”
― Mo Willems, Hooray for Amanda & Her Alligator!

“Young minds - young brains - need stories and ideas like the ones in those [censored and banned] books in order to grow. They need ideas that you disagree with. They need ideas that I disagree with. Or they'll never be able to figure out what ideas they believe in.”
― Lev Grossman

“The years nineteen and twenty are a crucial stage in the maturation of character, and if you allow yourself to become warped when you're that age, it will cause you pain when you're older.”
― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood

“A library card is the start of a lifelong adventure.”
― Lilian Jackson Braun

“A doctor is advertised by the bodies he cures. My business is advertised by the minds I stimulate. And let me tell you that the book business is different from other trades. People don't know they want books. I can see just by looking at you that your mind is ill for lack of books but you are blissfully unaware of it!”
― Christopher Morley, The Haunted Bookshop

“Some of the most relaxing weekends I have ever enjoyed were those I spent quietly with a sense of all work to date completed, and an absorbing mystery.”
― Aung San Suu Kyi, Letters from Burma

“Wahrscheinlich werde ich jede Nacht von dir träumen", sagte er. "Und wenn ich aufwache, weiß ich, dass der beste Teil des Tages schon vorbei ist."
"Das hast du irgendwo gelesen."
"Hab ich nicht.”
― Kai Meyer, Arkadien brennt

“I’m not the smartest guy in the world, but I’m certainly not the dumbest. I mean, I’ve read books like "The Unbearable Lightness of Being" and "Love in the Time of Cholera", and I think I’ve understood them. They’re about girls, right? Just kidding. But I have to say my all-time favorite book is Johnny Cash’s autobiography "Cash" by Johnny Cash.”
― Nick Hornby, High Fidelity

“There is no greater feeling of accomplishment than to create a world that solely exists in your imagination and be able to pull someone into this hidden place inside of my thoughts. To make someone care for a person that has manifested from my dreams, to make them hate me for putting them in danger, and for them to ask to be taken on another journey with me when it is all said and done is why I write.”
― Teresa Mummert

“A great book increases my heartbeat as if I’m prey, melts my insides in anticipation of a first kiss, immerses me in its depths.”
― Carmen DeSousa

“People read books to escape the uncertainties of life.”
― Barbara Kingsolver

“There is quite enough sorrow and shame and suffering and baseness in real life and there is no need for meeting it unnecessarily in fiction. As Police Commissioner it was my duty to deal with all kinds of squalid misery and hideous and unspeakable infamy, and I should have been worse than a coward if I had shrunk from doing what was necessary; but there would have been no use whatever in my reading novels detailing all this misery and squalor and crime, or at least in reading them as a steady thing. Now and then there is a powerful but sad story which really is interesting and which really does good; but normally the books which do good and the books which healthy people find interesting are those which are not in the least of the sugar-candy variety, but which, while portraying foulness and suffering when they must be portrayed, yet have a joyous as well as a noble side.”
― Theodore Roosevelt, Theodore Roosevelt's Letters to His Children

“Just give me a thousand words and you may make your own pictures.”
― Erica Goros

“Jack shook his head. 'Books. What is it with women and books? My sisters were the same. They were always buying books for boys they fancied.'
Ellie bent down and picked up the stone and put it on the table. 'It's like sending a love letter without having to write it yourself,' she said softly.”
― Hazel Osmond, Who's Afraid of Mr Wolfe?

“Most of us who turn to any subject with love remember some morning or evening hour when we got on a high stool to reach down an untried volume, or sat with parted lips listening to a new talker, or for very lack of books began to listen to the voices within, as the first traceable beginning of our love.”
― George Eliot, Middlemarch

“He passed his hands over some of the fine embossed bindings as he thought, I am a book also, words and thoughts and stories held together by flesh. We open and close ourselves to the world. We are read by others or put away by them. We wait to be seen, sitting quietly on shelves for someone to bother having a look inside us. ”
― Ari Berk, Death Watch

“Write all the time. I believe in writing every day, at least a thousand words a day. We have a strange idea about writing: that it can be done, and done well, without a great deal of effort. Dancers practice every day, musicians practice every day, even when they are at the peak of their careers – especially then. Somehow, we don’t take writing as seriously. But writing – writing wonderfully – takes just as much dedication.”
― Theodora Goss

“In 1800s Paris, women were prohibited from studying the nude human form, because this would've ruined the wedding-night surprise. (Surprise! It's a penis.)”
― Cracked.com, You Might Be a Zombie and Other Bad News

“If you’re a writer, your first duty, a duty you owe to yourself and your readers, and to your writing itself, is to become wonderful. To become the best writer you can possibly be.”
― Theodora Goss

“Do you know what it is?' [Toby] said thoughtfully. 'It's that they haven't had anything really awful happen to them. No wonder they seem so superficial and unfeeling.'
It was certainly an interesting theory, ... [but] surely one didn't need to have suffered in order to possess empathy for those who had? All it required was a bit of imagination and a well-stocked library.”
― Michelle Cooper, The FitzOsbornes in Exile

“Though my appetite for food grew frail, my hunger for books was constant.”
― Diane Setterfield

“This is a book. It is a book I found in a box. I found the box in the attic. The box was in the attic, under the eaves. The attic was hot and still. The air was stale with dust. The dust was from old pictures and books. The dust in the air was made up of the book I found. I breathed the book before I saw it; tasted the book before I read it.”
― Paul Harding

“Of all the unexpected things in contemporary literature, this is among the oddest: that kids have an inordinate appetite for very long, very tricky, very strange books about places that don’t exist.”
― Adam Gopnik

“This book (Jarod Kintz's book) is trash. I mean, I assume it is, because that's where I found it while scrounging for lunch. However, I must admit that I haven't read it. I would have, but I am homeless, mainly due to my illiteracy (though Big Government, Keynesian monetary policy, and my struggle with alcoholism certainly played a large role).”
― Dora J. Arod

“... a writer concocts a different story for every reader.”
― Mike Bryan, The Afterword: A Novel

“After this, Boy became very curious about the mansion where the clothes and the food came from. He made me describe everything. Then he asked Good Thing 'Are there books in this mansion, too?'
'And pictures and jewels,' Good Thing said through me. 'What does Master wish me to fetch? There is a golden harp, a musical box like a bird, a—'
'Just books,' said Boy. 'I need to learn. I'm still so ignorant.”
― Diana Wynne Jones, Unexpected Magic: Collected Stories

“A book without words is a mind without thought.”
― Catherine Forbes

“Entrei numa livraria. Pus-me a contar os livros que há para ler e os anos que terei de vida. Não chegam! Não duro nem para metade da livraria! Deve haver certamente outras maneiras de uma pessoa se salvar, senão… estou perdido.”
― Almada Negreiros, A Invenção do Dia Claro

“They lack suggestive power. And when a book lacks suggestive power, however hard it hits the surface of the mind it cannot penetrate within.”
― Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own

“You're not allowed to say anything about books because they're books, and books are, you know, God.”
― Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down

“I spent much of my prison time reading. I must have read over 200 large books, mostly fictional stories about the American pioneers, the Vikings, Mafia, etc. As long as I was engrossed in a book, I was not in prison. Reading was my escape.”
― Frazier Glenn Miller Jr., A White Man Speaks Out

“И кога палат книги, тие не ги уништуваат мислите, туку само хартијата на кои тие мисли се запишани.”
― Venko Andonovski, Вештица

“Let us not kid ourselves; let us remember that literature is of no use whatever, except in the very special case of somebody's wishing to become, of all things, a Professor of Literature.”
― Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary

“Do we take less pride in the possession of our home because its walls were built by some unknown carpenter, its tapestries woven by some unknown weaver on a far Oriental shore, in some antique time? No. We show our home to our friends with the pride as if it were our home, which it is. Why then should we take less pride when reading a book written by some long-dead author? Is it not our book just as much, or even more so, than theirs? So the landowner says, ‘Look at my beautiful home! Isn’t it fine?’ And not, ‘Look at the home so-and-so has built.’ Thus we shouldn’t cry, ‘Look what so-and-so has written. What a genius so-and-so is!’ But rather, ‘Look at what I have read! Am I not a genius? Have I not invented these pages? The walls of this universe, did I not build? The souls of these characters, did I not weave?”
― Roman Payne

“All books are either dreams or swords.”
― Amy Lowell

“The only things that erased my lonliness were written works”
― novala takemoto

“Donde no hay libros hace frío. Vale para las casas, las ciudades, los países. Un frío cataclismo, un páramo de amnesia”
― María Elena Walsh

“She found herself longing for home-not just for the hotel but for New York and all the real novels that she could lose herself in there.”
― Anna Godbersen, Envy

“So it is that a writer writes many books. In each book, he intended several urgent and vivid points, many of which he sacrificed as the book's form hardened.”
― Annie Dillard, The Writing Life

“We profit little by books we do not enjoy.”
― John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life

“On my website there's a quote from the writer Anthony Burgess: "The greatest gift is the passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind."

I've always found that inspiring because the written word, as an art form, is unlike any other: movies, TV, music, they're shared experiences, but books aren't like that. The relationship between a writer and a reader is utterly unique to those two individuals. The world that forms in your head as you read a book will be slightly different to that experienced by every other reader. Anywhere. Ever. Reading is very personal, a communication from one mind to another, something which can't be exactly copied, or replicated, or directly shared.

If I read the work of, say, one of the great Victorian novelists, it's like a gift from the past, a momentary connection to another's thoughts. Their ideas are down on paper, to be picked up by me, over a century later. Writers can speak individually to readers across a year, or ten years, or a thousand.

That's why I love books.”
― Simon Cheshire

“I go downstairs and the books blink at me from the shelves. Or stare. In a trick of the light, a row of them seems to shift very slightly, like a curtain blown by the breeze through an open window. Red is next to blue is next to cream is adjacent to beige. But when I look again, cream is next to green is next to black. A tall book shelters a small book, a huge Folio bullies a cowering line of Quartos. A child's nursery rhyme book does not have the language in which to speak to a Latin dictionary. Chaucer does not know the words in which Henry James communicates but here they are forced to live together, forever speechless.”
― Susan Hill, Howards End is on the Landing: A Year of Reading from Home

“The book is man's best invention so far.”
― Carolina Maria de Jesus

“There is nothing magical in them at all. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Reading was not an escape for her, any more than it is for me. It was an aspect of direct experience. She distinguished, of course, between the fictional world and the real one, in which she had to prepare dinners and so on. Still, for us, the fictional world was an extension of the real, and in no way a substitute for it, or refuge from it. Any more than sleeping is a substitute for waking." (Jincy Willett)”
― Jincy Willett, Winner of the National Book Award

“Books are never harmless...they either strengthen us or they weaken us in our faith. Some of them do this even as they entertain us, others as they teach us. In an invisible way their teaching penetrates into our hearts and souls, to continue its work inside, and we inhale the spirit of these books as healing or poisonous vapors. They can bring the greatest benefits and the greatest ruin, for from their ideas that they spread come the deeds of the future.”
― Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss

“Dream up a book on Monday, publish it on Friday.”
― Jill Novak

“Great books are great in part because of what they ask of their readers: they are not readily encountered, easily assessed.”
― Alan Jacobs, The Pleasures of Reading in an Age of Distraction

“Private life, book life, took place where words met imagination without passing through the world.”
― Annie Dillard, An American Childhood

“To Senor Sempere, the best friend a book could ever have: you opened the doors to the world for me and showed me how to go through them.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game

“I love vast libraries; yet there is a doubt,
If one be better with them or without,
Unless he use them wisely, and, indeed,
Knows the high art of what and how to read.”
― John Godfrey Saxe

“Almost I feel the pulsebeat of the ages,
Now swift, now slow, beneath my fingertips.
The heartthrobs of the prophets and the sages
Beat through these bindings; and my quick hand slips
Old books from dusty shelves, in eager seeking
For truths the flaming tongues of the ancients tell;
For the words of wisdom that they still are speaking
As clearly as an echoing silver bell.
Here is the melody that lies forever
At the deep heart of living; here we keep
The accurate recorded discs that never
Can be quite silenced, though their makers sleep
The still deep sleep, so long as a seeker finds
The indelible imprint of their moving minds.”
― Grace Noll Crowell

“Good characters make you feel like you have new friends, don’t they? You have to re-read the books just to visit with them again. Grace Awakening. Book one: Awakening Dreams”
― Shawn L. Bird, Awakening Dreams

“I'd always admired writers. I'd always loved words on a page. Somehow, words seemed to bypass image and get straight to the heart of things. Somehow, words seemed big enough to contain pain, and sentences could pull broken bits together.”
― Rosie O'Donnell, Find Me

“I would prefer to have one comfortable room well stocked with books to all you could give me in the way of decoration which the highest art could supply.”
― John Bright

“Kauf nie ein Buch um der Bewunderung anderer wegen.”
― Cody McFadyen, The Face of Death

“The worst book imaginable has a redeeming quality if it gets a young person to read.”
― Tiffini Johnson, The Character

“You are the same today that you are going to be five years from now except for two things: the people with whom you associate and the books you read.”
― Charles Jones

“[Books are] vital to learning. Half the population don't go to football matches but that doesn't make football any less important.”
― John Sutherland

“To live among such excellent helps as our libraries afford, to have so many silent wise companions whenever we please.”
― Richard Baxter, The Reformed Pastor

“It is when we are faced with death that we turn most bookish.”
― Jules Renard

“That afternoon he told me that the difference between human beings and animals was that human beings were able to dream while awake. He said the purpose of books was to permit us to exercise that faculty. Art, he said, was a controlled madness… He said books weren't made of themes, which you could write essays about, but of images that inserted themselves into your brain and replaced what you were seeing with your eyes.”
― Steven Millhauser, Dangerous Laughter

“Imagine a very long time passing - and I find my way out, following someone who already knows how to leave Hell. And God says to me on Earth for the first time, "Xas!" in a tone of discovery, as if I'm a misplaced pair of spectacles or a stray dog. And he puts it to me that he wants me in Heaven. But Lucifer has doubled back - it was him I followed - to find me, where I am, in a forest, smitten, because the Lord has noticed me, and I'm overcome, as hopeless as your dog Josie whom you got rid of because she loved me.' Xas glared at Sobran. Then he drew a breath - all had been said on only three. He went on: 'Lucifer says to God the He can't have me. And at this I sit up and tell Lucifer that I didn't even think he knew my name, then say to God no thank you - very insolent this - and that Hell is endurable so long as the books keep appearing.”
― Elizabeth Knox, The Vintner's Luck

“Your function as a critic is to show that it is really you yourself who should have written the book, if you had had the time, and since you hadn't you are glad that someone else had, although obviously it might have been done better.”
― Stephen Potter

“If the Holy Bible was printed as an Ace Double it would be cut down to two 20,000-word halves with the Old Testament retitled as ‘Master of Chaos’ and the New Testament as ‘The Thing With Three Souls.”
― Terry Carr

“The novel as a form is usually seen to be moral if its readers consider freedom, individuality, democracy, privacy, social connection, tolerance and hope to be morally good, but it is not considered moral if the highest values of a society are adherence to rules and traditional mores, the maintenance of hierarchical relationships, and absolute ideas of right and wrong. Any society based on the latter will find novels inherently immoral and subversive.”
― Jane Smiley

“A book is good company. It is full of conversation without loquacity. It comes to your longing with full instruction, but pursues you never. ”
― Henry Ward Beecher

“If we weigh the significance of a book by the effect it has on its readers, then the great children's books suddenly turn up very high on the list.”
― Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia

“I also did some jail time a few years ago. Spent a whole summer in jail reading books. I pumped a ton of new knowledge and new thinking into myself.”
― Tommy Lee

“...I am still librarian in your house, for I never was dismissed, and never gave up the office. Now I am librarian here as well.'

'But you have just told me you were sexton here!'

'So I am. It is much the same profession. Except you are a true sexton, books are but dead bodies to you, and a library nothing but a catacomb!”
― George MacDonald, Lilith

“There were pools of light among the stacks, directly beneath the bulbs which Philip had switched on, but it was now with an unexpected fearfulness that he saw how the books stretched away into the darkness. They seemed to expand as soon as they reached the shadows, creating some dark world where there was no beginning and no end, no story, no meaning. And if you crossed the threshold into that world, you would be surrounded by words; you would crush them beneath your feet, you would knock against them with your head and arms, but if you tried to grasp them they would melt away. Philip did not dare turn his back upon these books. Not yet. It was almost, he thought, as if they had been speaking to each other while he slept.”
― Peter Ackroyd

“He had a little single-story house, three bedrooms, a full bathroom and a half bathroom, a combined kitchen-living room-dining room with windows that faced west, a small brick porch where there was a wooden bench worn by the wind that came down from the mountains and the sea, the wind from the north, the wind through the gaps, the wind that smelled like smoke and came from the south. He had books he'd kept for more than twenty-five years. Not many. All of them old. He had books he'd bought in the last ten years, books he didn't mind lending, books that could've been lost or stolen for all he cared. He had books that he sometimes received neatly packaged and with unfamiliar return addresses, books he didn't even open anymore. He had a yard perfect for growing grass and planting flowers, but he didn't know what flowers would do best there--flowers, as opposed to cacti or succulents. There would be time (so he thought) for gardening. He had a wooden gate that needed a coat of paint. He had a monthly salary.”
― Roberto Bolaño, 2666

“Any book without a mistake in it has had too much money spent on it.”
― William Collins

“With slouch and swing around the ring
We trod the Fools’ Parade!
We did not care: we knew we were
The Devils’ Own Brigade:
And shaven head and feet of lead
Make a merry masquerade.”
― Oscar Wilde

“Book collecting is a full-time occupation, and one wouldn't get far if one took time off for frivolities like reading.”
― A.N.L. Munby

“If you can read & write then the opportunities are endless, if you just believe in yourself then anything is possible, you can become anyone and do anything, what’s more is, you can take others with you!”
― Philip L. Moore

“It had a crisp paper jacket, unlike the paper-covered library books I was used to, and the way the pages parted, I could tell I was the first to open it ... I valued that half-dream state of being lost in a book so much that I limited the number of pages I let myself read each day in order to put off the inevitable end, my banishment from that world. I still do this. ”
― Allison Hoover Bartlett, The Man Who Loved Books Too Much: The True Story of a Thief, a Detective, and a World of Literary Obsession

“Many people can and have written books, but many have nothing to say.”
― Amy Rogers

“Stories, A Portal to Anywhere but Here.”
― Joshua Caleb

“Of all books printed, probably not more than half are ever read. Many are embalmed in public libraries; many go into private quarters to fill spaces; many are glanced at and put away...scarcely opened until the fire needs kindling. The most ardent book-lovers are not always the greatest readers; indeed, the rabid bibliomaniac seldom reads at all. To him books are as ducats to the miser, something to be hoarded and not employed... So pleasant it is to buy book; so tiresome to utilize them.”
― Flora Haines Loughead

“Life's adventures make great reading!”
― Denise Robbins

“Habent sua fata libelli. (Books have their own destinies.)”
― Terentianus Maurus, De Syllabis

“I wrote "David" because it seemed to me that children, who can love a book more passionately than any grown person, got such a lot of harmless entertainment and not enough real, valuable literature.”
― Anne Holm

“Some men borrow books; some men steal books; and others beg presentation copies from the author.”
― James Jeffrey Roche

“Books—all books—are complicated things, muttering at us in different contradictory voices, refusing to stay the same when we go back to them. Tying them down too much robs of them of the magic.”
― Andrew Rilstone

“There is a sort of busy worm,
That will the fairest book deform.
Their tasteless tooth will tear and taint
The poet, patriot, sage or saint,
Nor sparing wit nor learning.
Now, if you’d know the reason why,
The best of reasons I’ll supply:
’Tis bread to the poor vermin.
J. Doraston, quoted by W. Blades”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkheart

“The books on my shelves do not know me until I open them, yet I am certain that they address me — me and every other reader — by name; they await our comments and opinions. I am presumed in Plato as I am presumed in every book, even in those I’ll never read.”
― Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading

“You got shook and shook till there was nothing left. You lost your name and your body and your self and you just didn't care.”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“When you trust, you are tender and delicate, but when you doubt, you are dangerous and destructive”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“You are that to me, an oasis. You drug me and at the same time you give me strength.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“I used to be afraid about what people might say or think after reading what I had written. I am not afraid anymore, because when I write, I am not trying to prove anything to anyone, I am just expressing myself and my opinions. It’s ok if my opinions are different from those of the reader, each of us can have his own opinions. So writing is like talking, if you are afraid of writing, you may end up being afraid of talking”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity

“Have you ever looked at, say, a picture or a great building or read a paragraph in a book and felt the world suddenly expand and, in the same instant, contract and harden into a kernel of perfect purity? Do you know what I mean? Everything suddenly fits, everything's in its place.”
― Carol Shields, The Stone Diaries

“We do not belong to those who have ideas only among books, when stimulated by books. It is our habit to think outdoors - walking, leaping, climbing, dancing, preferably on lonely mountains or near the sea where even the trails become thoughtful.”
― Nietzsche

“The power of a writer is that he is a god of sorts. He can create his own worlds and populate them with his own people, all by the powers of his imagination. It's the closest a man can come close to the gods. No wonder the most successful writers are considered immortals”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity

“Every word spoken in the past accumulated forms and colors in the self. What flows through the veins besides blood is the distillation of every act committed, the sediment of all the visions, wishes, dreams and experiences. All the past emotions converge to tint the skin and flavor the lips, to regulate the pulse and produce crystals in the eyes.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“The potion drunk by lovers is prepared by no one but themselves. The potion is the sum of one's whole existence.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“His entire body was pleading for reassurance, and if her whole love was not enough what else could she give him to cure his doubt?”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“And it is that which draws me to you, too, for you are the tropics, you have the sun in you, and the softness and the clarity...”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“The magic beauty of simultaneity, to see the loved one rushing toward you at the same moment you are rushing toward him, the magic power of meeting, exactly at midnight to achieve union, the illusion of one common rhythm achieved by overcoming obstacles, deserting friends, breaking other bonds - all this was soon dissolved by his laziness, by his habit of missing every moment, of never keeping his word, of living perversely in a state of chaos, of swimming more naturally in a sea of failed intentions, broken promises, and aborted wishes”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“So many broken promises, each day an aborted wish, a lost object, a misplaced unread book, cluttering the room like an attic with discarded possessions.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“In this instant of danger they realized they were each other's reason for living, and into this instant they threw their whole being.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Photographs objectify: they turn an event or a person into something that can be possessed.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“No two readers can or will ever read the same book, because the reader builds the book in collaboration with the author.”
― Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction

“Books can be the people we never get to meet, ancestors or far neighbors.”
― Elizabeth Knox, The Vintner's Luck

“No man and woman know what will be born in the darkness of their intermingling; so much besides children, so many invisible births, exchanges of soul and character, blossoming of unknown selves, liberation of hidden treasures, buried fantasies...”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“How is a magician to exist without books? Let someone explain that to me. It is like asking a politician to achieve high office without the benefit of bribes or patronage.”
― Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell

“I rode my bike home and did the one thing that always helped when things weren't going well. I read. Books were my refuge. Getting lost in a solid adventure story was the best way I knew of to turn off reality.”
― D.J. MacHale, The Light

“No "we" should be taken for granted when the subject is looking at other people's pain.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“ ‘Paradise Lost’ was printed in an edition of no more than 1,500 copies and transformed the English language. Took a while. Wordsworth had new ideas about nature: Thoreau read Wordsworth, Muir read Thoreau, Teddy Roosevelt read Muir, and we got a lot of national parks. Took a century. What poetry gives us is an archive, the fullest existent archive of what human beings have thought and felt by the kind of artists who loved language in a way that allowed them to labor over how you make a music of words to render experience exactly and fully.”
― Robert Hass

“The orator yields to the inspiration of a transient occasion, and speaks to the mob, before him, to those who can hear him; but the writer, whose more equable life is his crowd which inspire the orator, speaks to the intellect and heart of mankind, to all in any age who can understand him.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder

“Nowadays, people read too many books to appreciate any.”
― Oscar Wilde, Complete Works of Oscar Wilde

“Whatever that place is, I don't much care -- not unless a book has happened there.”
― Joyce Rachelle

“We are much more likely to be drawn to a messy bookstore than a neat one because the mess signifies vitality. We are not drawn to a bookstore because of tasteful, Finnish shelves in gunmetal gray mesh, each one displaying three carefully chosen, color-coordinated covers. Clutter -- orderly clutter, if possible -- is what we expect. Like a city. It's not quite a city unless there's more than enough.”
― Lewis Buzbee, The Yellow-Lighted Bookshop: A Memoir, a History

“A great writer is a blitzed illusionist of portable magic. You're welcome.”
― A.K. Kuykendall

“Schopenhauer remarked that buying books would be better if you could also buy the time to read them. Books are different from natural objects in that they can overwhelm us in a way that nature’s abundance rarely does. There has always been too much to know; the universe is thoroughly baffling. When we walk into a bookstore, it is easy to feel oppressed by the amount of knowledge on tap. Why don’t we have the same feeling in a forest, at the beach, in a big city, or simply in breathing? There is more going on in our body every second than we will ever understand, and yet we rarely feel bothered by our inability to know it all. Books, however, are designed to make demands on our attention and time: they hail us in ways that nature rarely does. A thing is what Heidegger calls zunichtsgedrängt, relaxed and bothered about nothing. A plant or stone is as self-sufficient as the Aristotelian god or Heidegger’s slacker things, but books are needy. They cry out for readers as devils hunger for souls.”
― John Durham Peters, The Marvelous Clouds: Toward a Philosophy of Elemental Media

“Any book is my kind of book that I can read with delight.”
― A. Edward Newton, End Papers: Literary Recreations

“Without a doubt,
I must read,
all the books
I've read about.

See the artworks
hung on hooks,
that I have only,
seen in books.”
― Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure

“I just love the smell of an old book store and the feel of the crisp pages along my fingertips.”
― Leah Spiegel, Foolish Games

“I hate it that Americans are taught to fear some books and some ideas as though they were diseases.”
― Kurt Vonnegut

“Books are a uniquely portable magic”
― Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft

“I cannot live without reading.”
― Aidan Chambers, This is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn

“In the end, what makes a book valuable is not the paper it’s printed on, but the thousands of hours of work by dozens of people who are dedicated to creating the best possible reading experience for you.”
― John Green

“Please bury me in the library
With a dozen long-stemmed proses”
― J. Patrick Lewis, Please Bury Me in the Library

“The point is, Jenna, no one is normal or perfect like that house you see across the street. Everyone suffers from their own struggles, whether they’re big or small.”
― E.L. Montes, Perfectly Damaged

“Books are not about passing the time. They're about other lives. Other worlds.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“Libraries
Are
Neccessary
Gardens,
Unsurpassed
At
Growing
Excitement”
― J. Patrick Lewis, Please Bury Me in the Library

“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
― Amit Kalantri

“Ten minutes of careful searching later, Maelyn faced the dismal truth - she was bookless.”
― Anita Valle, Maelyn

“Books require titles; reading them doesn't”
― Alan Moore, Lost Girls

“He who studies old books will always find in them something new, and he who reads new books will always find in them something old.”
― Edward Bulwer-Lytton, The Coming Race

“When a day goes by and I haven't written anything, I better have been doing something worth writing about.”
― P.S. Bartlett

“I do lend my books, but I have to be a bit selective because my marginalia are so incriminating.” --Alison Bechdel”
― Leah Price, Unpacking My Library: Writers and Their Books

“I do not want to just read books; I want to crawl inside them and live there.”
― Anonymous

“Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December
And each separate dying ember wrought its ghost upon the floor.
Eagerly I wished the morrow; — vainly I had sought to borrow
From my books surcease of sorrow — sorrow for the lost Lenore.”
― Edgar Allan Poe, The Complete Stories and Poems

“All writers are waiting for replies. That’s what I’ve learned. Maybe all human beings are”
― Niall Williams, History of the Rain

“They were waiting for me in the books and in stories, after all, hiding inside the twenty six characters and a handful of punctuation marks. These letters and words, when placed in the right order, would conjure all manner of exotic beasts and people from the shadows, would reveal the motives and minds of insects and of cats. They were spells, spelled with words to make worlds, waiting for me, in the pages of books.”
― Neil Gaiman, Unnatural Creatures

“Usually, I set one foot in a library and I feel my own internal volume lower. A library is a physical equivalent of a sigh. It’s the silence, sure, but it’s also the certainty of all those books, the way they stand side by side with their still, calm conviction. It’s the reassurance of knowledge in the face of confusion.”
― Deb Caletti, The Last Forever

“Books are the salt of life; without them, there is no flavor.”
― Cheryl Koevoet

“Reading makes me feel like I've lived a thousand lives in addition to my own.”
― Arlaina Tibensky

“لا أتخيل أن هناك من يستمتع جداً بكتاب .. ويقرأه مرة واحدة !!ـ”
― C.S. Lewis

“I dusted my books off, placing each one—sorted alphabetically and by genre—on the shelves Dad installed. What some people might call “anal,” I’d call efficient. What good was it to have a book if you couldn’t find it when you wanted it?”
― aileen erin, Becoming Alpha

“Naturally, since I myself am a writer, I do not wish the ordinary reader to read no modern books. But if he must read only the new or only the old, I would advise him to read the old.”
― C.S. Lewis

“No days, perhaps, of all our childhood are ever so fully lived are those that we had regarded as not being lived at all: days spent wholly with a favourite book.”
― Marcel Proust, Days of Reading

“The love I knew was from books..”
― Pramoedya Ananta Toer

“I might read books and paint pictures but I'm not soft”
― Robert Williams, Luke And Jon

“Hate will cause you to "catch a case". Release yourself from your own personal jail before you are put in the real one for life! It ain't worth it!!”
― Anita R. Sneed-Carter

“You can’t enjoy art or books in a hurry.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“They were steaming out of the station before Maia asked, 'Was it books in the trunk?'
'It was books, admitted Miss Minton.
And Maia said, 'Good.”
― Eva Ibbotson, Journey to the River Sea

“Historical novels are, without question, the best way of teaching history, for they offer the human stories behind the events and leave the reader with a desire to know more.”
― Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man

“She read all sorts of things: travels, and sermons, and old magazines. Nothing was so dull that she couldn't get through with it. Anything really interesting absorbed her so that she never knew what was going on about her. The little girls to whose houses she went visiting had found this out, and always hid away their story-books when she was expected to tea. If they didn't do this, she was sure to pick one up and plunge in, and then it was no use to call her, or tug at her dress, for she neither saw nor heard anything more, till it was time to go home.”
― Susan Coolidge, What Katy Did

“DEAR DI­ARY
You are greater than the Bible
And the Con­fer­ence of the Birds
And the Up­an­ishads
All put to­geth­er
You are more se­vere
Than the Scrip­tures
And Ham­mura­bi’s Code
More dan­ger­ous than Luther’s pa­per
Nailed to the Cathe­dral door
You are sweet­er
Than the Song of Songs
Might­ier by far
Than the Epic of Gil­gamesh
And braver
Than the Sagas of Ice­land
I bow my head in grat­itude
To the ones who give their lives
To keep the se­cret
The dai­ly se­cret
Un­der lock and key
Dear Di­ary
I mean no dis­re­spect
But you are more sub­lime
Than any Sa­cred Text
Some­times just a list
Of my events
Is holi­er than the Bill of Rights
And more in­tense”
― Leonard Cohen, Book of Longing

“As soon as I got into the library I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I got a whiff of the leather on all the old books, a smell that got real strong if you picked one of them up and stuck your nose real close to it when you turned the pages. Then there was the the smell of the cloth that covered the brand-new books, books that made a splitting sound when you opened them. Then I could sniff the the paper, that soft, powdery, drowsy smell that comes off the page in little puffs when you're reading something or looking at some pictures, kind of hypnotizing smell.

I think it's the smell that makes so many folks fall asleep in the library. You'll see someone turn a page and you can imagine a puff of page powder coming up real slow and easy until it starts piling on a person's eyelashes, weighing their eyes down so much they stay down a little longer after each blink and finally making them so heavy that they just don't come back up at all. Then their mouths open and their heads start bouncing up and down like they're bobbing in a big tub of of water for apples and before you know it... they're out cold and their face thunks smack-dab on the book.

That's the part that makes librarians the maddest. They get real upset if folks start drooling in the books”
― Christopher Paul Curtis, Bud, Not Buddy

“Now, public libraries are most admirable institutions, but they have one irritating custom. They want their books back.”
― Cecil B. DeMille, The Autobiography of Cecil B. Demille

“There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love, and like that colossal adventure it is an experience of great social import. Even as the tranced swain, the booklover yearns to tell others of his bliss. He writes letters about it, adds it to the postscript of all manner of communications, intrudes it into telephone messages, and insists on his friends writing down the title of the find. Like the simple-hearted betrothed, once certain of his conquest, “I want you to love her, too!” It is a jealous passion also. He feels a little indignant if he finds that any one else has discovered the book, too.”
― Christopher Morley

“Max had once read in one of his father's books that some childhood images become engraved in the mind like photographs, like scenes you can return to again and again and will always remember, no matter how much time goes by.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Prince of Mist

“We can trace the communitarian fantasy that lies at the root of all humanism back to the model of a literary society, in which participation through reading the canon reveals a common love of inspiring messages. At the heart of humanism so understood we discover a cult or club fantasy: the dream of the portentous solidarity of those who have been chosen to be allowed to read. In the ancient world—indeed, until the dawn of the modern nation-states—the power of reading actually did mean something like membership of a secret elite; linguistic knowledge once counted in many places as the provenance of sorcery. In Middle English the word 'glamour' developed out of the word 'grammar'. The person who could read would be thought easily capable of other impossibilities.”
― Peter Sloterdijk, Regels voor het Mensenpark

“Writing sometimes feels frivolous and sometimes sacred, but memory is one of my strongest muses. I serve her with my words. So long as people read, those we love survive however evanescently. As do we writers, saying with our life's work, Remember. Remember us. Remember me.”
― Marge Piercy, Braided Lives

“The gods weave misfortunes for men, so that the generations to come will have something to sing about.” Mallarmé repeats, less beautifully, what Homer said; “tout aboutit en un livre,” everything ends up in a book. The Greeks speak of generations that will sing; Mallarmé speaks of an object, of a thing among things, a book. But the idea is the same; the idea that we are made for art, we are made for memory, we are made for poetry, or perhaps we are made for oblivion. But something remains, and that something is history or poetry, which are not essentially different.”
― Jorge Luis Borges, Seven Nights

“And tell them all about the books you've read. Better still, buy some more books and read them. That's an order. You can never read too many books.”
― P.B. Kerr, The Akhenaten Adventure

“[Fiction and poetry] are medicines, they're doses, and they heal the rupture that reality makes on the imagination.”
― Jeanette Winterson

“Having come to the conclusion that there was so much to do that she didn’t know where to start, Mrs Fowler decided not to start at all. She went to the library, took Diary of a Nobody from the shelves and, returning to her wicker chair under the lime tree, settled down to waste what precious hours still remained of the day.”
― Richmal Crompton, Family Roundabout

“Accept criticism. If you do not offer your work for criticism and accept that criticism, meaning give it serious thought and attention, then you will never improve.”
― Theodora Goss

“Let me begin with a heartfelt confession.

I admit it. I am a biblioholic, one who loves books and whose life would seem incomplete without them. I am an addict, with a compulsive need to stop by nearly any bookstore I pass in order to get my fix. Books are an essential part of my life, the place where I have spent many unforgettable moments. For me, reading is one of the most enjoyable ways to pass a rainy afternoon or a leisurely summer day. I crave the knowledge and insights that truly great books bring into my life and can spend transported hours scouring used book stores for volumes which "I simply must have". I love the smell and feel of well-loved books and the look of a bookcase full of books waiting to be taken down and read.”
― Terry W. Glaspey, Book Lover's Guide to Great Reading: A Guided Tour of Classic & Contemporary Literature

“أحب الكتب أكثر من الأفلام. فالأفلام تخبرك ما تفكر به. أما الكتاب الجيد يدعك تختار أفكارك بنفسك. في الأفلام تشاهد بيتا باللون الأحمر. في الكتاب، يقول لك هناك بيت أحمر، ويتركك تضع التفاصيل، تختار تصميم السقف، تركن سيارتك أمامه...الخ
خيالي دائما ما يتفوق على كل جديد تأتي به الأفلام”
― Karen Marie Moning, Darkfever

“[A] finished tale may give a man immortality in the light and literary sense; but an unfinished tale suggests another immortality, more essential and more strange.”
― G.K. Chesterton, Appreciations and Criticisms of the Works of Charles Dickens

“In a book, even the real bastards can't hurt you. And you can never loose a friend you make in a book. When you get to a sad part, no one's there to see you cry. Or wonder why you don't cry when you should.”
― Dean Koontz, Chase

“I've had many more thousands of books in my possession than my shelves at home would indicate. At one time, I tried to keep them all, but that quest soon became impossible; I now only keep the ones I'm sure I'm going to reread, the ones I'm definitely going to read before I die, and the ones I can't bear to part with because of an aesthetic or emotional attachment.”
― Lewis Buzbee, The Yellow-Lighted Bookshop: A Memoir, a History

“I remember that story. You have read it four times." Samson shrugged. "Why should I stop with the first reading? Nobody says, 'That was a fine piece of music. I'll never listen to that again." But some people treat books that way. Not I!”
― Karen A. Wyle, Twin-Bred

“she kept sliding down, in small half-willing surrenders, till she was a heap, with the book held tiringly above her face.”
― Alan Hollinghurst, The Stranger's Child

“Thus, in a real sense, I am constantly writing autobiography,
but I have to turn it into fiction in order to give it credibility.”
― Katherine Paterson, The Spying Heart: More Thoughts on Reading and Writing Books for Children

“Read a lot. But read as a writer, to see how other writers are doing it. And make your knowledge of literature in English as deep and broad as you can. In workshops, writers are often told to read what is being written now, but if that is all you read, you are limiting yourself. You need to get a good overall sense of English literary history, so you can write out of that knowledge.”
― Theodora Goss

“Choose thy friends like thy books, few but choice”
― James Howell

“Reading's not a luxury, art's not a luxury. It's about your soul, and it's about yourself. And if reading is a luxury, being human is a luxury”
― Jeanette Winterson

“Books?" Ridley looked disgusted. "Carry?”
― Kami Garcia

“I look back now with amazement at the small accidents that put certain books before me.”
― Vince Passaro

“It must be a really great book because one can read it as a boy in one way, and then re-read it in middle life and get something very different out of it - and that to my mind is one of the best tests.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Myrna could spend happy hours browsing bookcases. She felt if she could just get a good look at a person’s bookcase and their grocery cart, she’d pretty much know who they were.”
― Louise Penny, Still Life

“Probably all of us, writers and readers alike, set out into exile, or at least into a certain kind of exile, when we leave childhood behind...The immigrant, the nomad, the traveler, the sleepwalker all exist, but not the exile, since every writer becomes an exile simply by venturing into literature, and every reader becomes an exile simply by opening a book.”
― Roberto Bolaño, Between Parentheses: Essays, Articles, and Speeches, 1998-2003

“Real lives have no end. Real books have no end.”
― J.M.G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights

“All told, she owned fourteen books, but she saw her story as being made up predominantly of ten of them. Of those ten, six were stolen, one showed up at the kitchen table, two were made for her by a hidden Jew, and one was delivered by a soft, yellow-dressed afternoon.”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“Our library isn't very extensive," said Anne, "but every book in it is a friend. We've picked our books up through the years, here and there, never buying one until we had first read it and knew that it belonged to the race of Joseph.”
― L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams

“To care about words, to have a stake in what is written, to believe in the power of books - this overwhelms the rest, and beside it one's life becomes very small.”
― Paul Auster, The New York Trilogy

“There were thousands of brown books in leather bindings, some chained to the book-shelves and others propped against each other as if they had had too much to drink and did not really trust themselves. These gave out a smell of must and solid brownness which was most secure.”
― T.H. White, The Once and Future King

“So -- I confess I have been a rake at reading. I have read those things which I ought not to have read, and I have not read those things which I ought to have read, and there is no health in me -- if by health you mean an inclusive and coherent knowledge of any body of great literature. I can only protest, like all rakes in their shameful senescence, that I have had a good time.”
― Robertson Davies, The Merry Heart: Reflections on Reading Writing & the World of Books

“If you want to really know something you have to observe or experience it in person; if you claim to know something on the basis of hearsay, or on happening to see it in a book, you'll be a laughingstock to those who really know.”
― Jonathan D. Spence, Emperor of China: Self-Portrait of K'ang-Hsi

“There was a time in the ancient world - a very long time - in which the central cultural problem must have seemed an inexhaustible outpouring of books. Where to put them all? How to organize them on the groaning shelves? How to hold the profusion of knowledge in one's head? The loss of this plenitude would have been virtually inconceivable to anyone living in its midst.
Then, not all at once but with the cumulative force of a mass extinction, the whole enterprise came to an end. What looked stable turned out to be fragile, and what had seemed for all time was only for the time being.”
― Stephen Greenblatt, The Swerve: How the World Became Modern

“I was never very good with either my hands or feet. It always seemed to me they'd just been stuck on as an afterthought during my making. Dreams didn't translate through sports, or music, dancing, carpentry, plumbing. I was the bookish kid, more at home in the pages of a fantasy than in the room in the town on the planet.”
― Steve Rasnic Tem, The Man on the Ceiling

“Now may this little Book a blessing be
To those that love this little Book, and me:
And may its Buyer have no cause to say,
His money is but lost, or thrown away.”
― John Bunyan, Christiana's Journey Or The Pilgrim's Progress, The Second Part

“A self without a shelf remains cryptic; a home without books naked.”
― Leah Price, Unpacking My Library: Writers and Their Books

“I would not sacrifice a single living mesquite tree for any book ever written. One square mile of living desert is worth a hundred 'great books' - and one brave deed is worth a thousand.”
― Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast

“The reality of a serious writer is a reality of many voices, some of them belonging to the writer, some of them belonging to the world of readers at large.”
― Aberjhani

“If there is no mystery, for the artist, to solve inside of his art, then there's no point in it. . . . for me, every act of art is the act of solving a mystery.”
― Truman Capote

“In fact, when I finally shuffle off this mortal
coil, you will have to pry a book out of my cold, dead hands.”
― Michael Cart

“But really it says everything that’s wrong about the publishing industry, that a quarter of a million people bought and read a sex and shopping novel that wasn’t even written by one of those footballer girlfriends, and yet most of the shortlisted titles on the Orange Prize, which is an award for women writers, don’t even sell ten thousand copies. It’s just not right.”
― Sarra Manning, You Don't Have to Say You Love Me

“You'll grow devilish fat upon this paper-diet!”
― William Congreve

“He must have seen her shock, because he said, "You can't defeat the power of the book. But you can make it work for you.”
― Kristine Grayson, Wickedly Charming

“I don't know why we stopped reading together, but gradually we were not doing it regularly, and then without realizing it was happening we were reading different books, and gradually we came not to care about the book the other one was reading, because it was not the book we were reading, and we became bored and drifted off when the other one talked about his book. What we were doing, reading different books, was furnishing different rooms, constructing separate worlds almost, in which we could sit and be ourselves again. Of course those were rooms in which we each sat alone, and we gradually spent more and more time in them and less and less in the house we lived in together.”
― Sam Savage, Glass

“Books have always been among my most trusted of friends, Mr. Linden replied. The best of them allow the mind to wander wherever the author's musings lead.”
― Walter Dean Myers, Mr. Linden's Library

“Everybody in the world ought to care for books, and if there are some who do not, why that is a perfectly convincing reason why books ought to be given to them, to be a rebuke to them and, perchance, to rescue them from the error of their ways.”
― Willis Johnson

“Use more caution the next time you make a reading selection. Books, you know, are a lot like people, and each and every one of us is ultimately judged by the company we keep”
― Ethan Russell Erway, Aesop Revisited: Book 1

“Nehmen Sie ein gutes Buch mit ins Bett - Bücher schnarchen nicht.”
― Thea Dorn

“The story was so thoroughly believed that a Springfield, Massachusetts, missionary society resolved to send missionaries to the moon to convert and civilize the bat-men, apparently unaware that bat-men have lost all faith since they saw their parents gunned down in that alleyway.”
― Cracked.com, You Might Be a Zombie and Other Bad News

“In the sea of words, the in print is foam, surf bubbles riding the top. And it's a dark sea, and deep, where divers need lights on their helmets and would perish at the lower depths.”
― Jonathan Lethem, The Ecstasy of Influence: Nonfictions, Etc.

“They were the sisterhood: their mothers at a younger age.”
― Ann Brashares, The Second Summer of the Sisterhood

“There may be little room for the display of this supreme qualification in the retail book business, but there is room for some. Be enterprising. Get good people about you. Make your shop windows and your shops attractive. The fact that so many young men and women enter the teaching profession shows that there are still some people willing to scrape along on comparatively little money for the pleasure of following an occupation in which they delight. It is as true to-day as it was in Chaucer's time that there is a class of men who "gladly learn and gladly teach," and our college trustees and overseers and rich alumni take advantage of this and expect them to live on wages which an expert chauffeur would regard as insufficient. Any bookshop worthy of survival can offer inducements at least as great as the average school or college. Under pleasant conditions you will meet pleasant people, for the most part, whom you can teach and form whom you may learn something.”
― A. Edward Newton, A Magnificent Farce And Other Diversions Of A Book Collector

“Vorweg ein paar grundsätzliche Regeln:

1) Ich möchte keine Klagen hören, ich würde zu viel Geld für Bücher ausgeben, die ich dann doch nicht lese. Das weiß ich selbst. Ich habe stets die Absicht, sie mehr oder weniger alle zu lesen. Meine Absichten sind gut. Und schließlich ist es ja mein Geld. Ich wette, bei Ihnen ist es ähnlich.”
― Nick Hornby

“We may be sure that the characteristic blindness of the twentieth century - the blindness about which posterity will ask, "But how could they have thought that?" - lies where we have never suspected it... None of us can fully escape this blindness, but we shall certainly increase it, and weaken our guard against it, if we read only modern books. Where they are true they will give us truths which we half knew already. Where they are false they will aggravate the error with which we are already dangerously ill. The only palliative is to keep the clean sea breeze of the centuries blowing through our minds, and this can be done only by reading old books.”
― C.S. Lewis, On the Incarnation

“Materializations are often best produced in rooms where there are books. I cannot think of any time when materialization was in any way hampered by the presence of books.”
― Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House

“And I thought about books. And for the first time I realized that a man was behind each one of the books. A man had to think them up. A man had to take a long time to put them down on paper. And I'd never even thought that thought before.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“La lecture de tous les bons livres est comme une conversation avec les plus honnêtes gens des siècles passés.”
― René Descartes

“You want to give him the book of his own life, the book that will locate him, parent him, arm him for the changes.”
― Michael Cunningham, The Hours

“Please, no matter how we advance in technology please don't abandon the book-there is nothing in our material world more beautiful than a book.”
― Patti Smith

“People wandered in for books and conversation. They brought their stories to her, some bound, and some known by heart. She recognized some of the stories as real, and some as fiction. But she honored them all, though she didn't buy every one.”
― Louise Penny, The Brutal Telling

“I think the reason why I don't read so much, is because as I have observed, whole books all boil down to a drop of essence. You can read a book full of ten thousand words and at the end, sum it up in one sentence; I am more for the one sentence. I am more for the essence. It's like how you need a truckload of roses to extract one drop of rose oil; I don't want to bother with the truckload of roses because I would rather walk away with the drop of rose oil. So in my mind, I have written two hundred books. Why? Because I have with me two hundred vials with one drop of essence in each!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Books are the key. A book cannot be accessed from afar. You have to hold it, you have to read it.”
― Ben Elton, Blind Faith

“Dis-lui que les livres ont la puissance que leur accorde leur lecteur et que celle-ci peut être sans fin.”
― Bernard Werber, Le livre du voyage

“'He often envied people who hadn't read his favourite books. They had such happiness before them.”
― Charles Finch, A Stranger in Mayfair

“You could never be certain what you would find in a book that had spent time with someone else.”
― Erica Bauermeister

“Be thankful for the people who have stood by you and cheered you on, but don't forget to be thankful for the ones that said it could not be done. Writing a book is no small task and even the skeptics can help you get where you want to be!”
― CK Webb, Suspense Magazine January 2011

“Where's your common sense? None of those books agree with each other. You've been locked up here for years with a regular damned Tower of Babel. Snap out of it! The people in those books never lived. Come on now!”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“And what new life can emerge from a book. Any book, maybe.”
― Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men

“Some men," Flamel irresistibly added, "think of books merely as tools, others as tooling. I'm between the two; there are days when I use them as scenery, other days when I want them as society; so that, as you see, my library represents a makeshift compromise between looks and brains, and the collectors look down on me almost as much as the students.”
― Edith Wharton, The Touchstone

“Back then I could not understand one word of what I read.
Reading did, however, give me heart. Even if you cannot understand what you are reading you can get something from books.”
― Peter Hoeg

“So we may use our books to form a barricade against the world,
interweaving their words with our own to ward off the heat of the day.”
― Peter Ackroyd, English Music

“I had to go back and reread the page a few times. As I read it, I kept drifting out of the book, out of the booth, and coasting on the green crest of the song, to the momentary idea that any point on Earth was mine for the visiting, that I'd lucked out living in the reality I was in. And I also got the feeling I was souring and damaging that luck by enjoying the contentment of pulling the shades on the sun, and shutting out my fellow employees and the world, and folding myself up in the construct of a brilliant novel like The Man in the High Castle, that all the reading I'd been doing up to this point hadn't enhanced my life, but rather had replaced and delayed it.”
― Patton Oswalt, Zombie Spaceship Wasteland

“I am not man or beast; I am bibliosexual, and a seedy bibliosexual who haunts the streets, laden with carrier bags held by blistered fingers, stooping under the weight of the rucksack that has brought on sciatica and a Dickensian demeanour.”
― Robin Ince, Robin Ince's Bad Book Club: One Man's Quest to Uncover the Books that Time Forgot

“Escapism sold books, to be sure, but not nearly as many as were sold by exposing America’s flaws and making the average American reader (and book club member) look closely at his or her most cherished social assumptions. Americans might not be eager to accept integration, feminism, homosexuality, juvenile delinquency, and the drug culture– or to shoulder the blame for the existence of these problems– but they were certainly willing to read about them.”
― Michael Korda, Making the List: A Cultural History of the American Bestseller, 1900-1999

“I've always believed in spreading the gospel of good books.”
― S. Evan Townsend

“Dear Literary World, Sorry for breaking down your door...I'll pay for that!!! Since I'm here and planning to stay a while, let me tell you some stories!!”
― CK Webb

“We knew the difference between that which cannot be expressed and that which must. We understood that while words are a path taking us only so far, they are a requisite to the journey. They are like road maps that show us which way to go.”
― Laura Bynum, Veracity

“It may be whispered to those uninitiated people who are anxious to know the habits and make the acquaintance of men of letters, that there are no race of people who talk about books, or, perhaps, who read books, so little as literary men.”
― William Makepeace Thackeray, The History of Pendennis: His Fortunes and Misfortunes, His Friends and His Greatest Enemy

“The evils arising from the loss of her uncle were neither trifling nor likely to lessen; and when thought had been freely indulged, in contrasting the past and the present, the employment of mind and dissipation of unpleasant ideas which only reading could produce made her thankfully turn to a book.”
― Jane Austen

“No matter how strong you are, you cannot hold open the jaws of a great-white shark with your bare hands... that can do your brain.”
― Ivan Stoikov

“Remain humble in your journey as an author and your audience will embrace you. Remain grateful for every publicity opportunity that comes your way, and the media will embrace you.”
― Linda F. Radke

“At times, I have been convinced that books hold all the material of life--at least all the stuff that fits between an A and a Z.”
― Abelardo Morell, A Book of Books

“Roger Bacon held that three classes of substance were capable of magic: the herbal, the mineral, and the verbal. With their leaves of fiber, their inks of copperas and soot, and their words, books are an amalgam of the three.”
― Matthew Battles, Library: An Unquiet History

“The door could not be heard slamming; they had probably left it open, as is the custom in homes where a great misfortune has occurred.”
― Franz Kafka, The Metamorphosis

“And reading this way - with no deadline, no agenda - she remembered why she loved literature so much. It was like fucking a new man and knowing that he had made other women come, but that when she came it would be an unshareable, untranslatable pleasure. She opened herself up to her books, and the words got inside her and fucked her senseless.”
― Emily Maguire, Taming the Beast

“When a reader enters the pages of a book of poetry, he or she enters a world where dreams transform the past into knowledge made applicable to the present, and where visions shape the present into extraordinary possibilities for the future.”
― Aberjhani, Collected Visions of a Skylark Dressed in Black

“Except a living man there is nothing more wonderful than a book! A message from the dead - from human souls we never saw, who lived, perhaps, thousands of miles away. And yet these, in those little sheets of paper, speak to us, arouse us, terrify us, comfort us, open their hearts to us as brothers.”
― Charles Kingsley

“Man Thinking must not be subdued by his instruments. Books are for the scholar's idle times. When he can read God directly, the hour is too precious to be wasted in other men's transcripts of their readings.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Edward genially enough did not disagree with what I said, but he didn't seem to admit my point, either. I wanted to press him harder so I veered close enough to the ad hominem to point out that his life—the life of the mind, the life of the book collector and music lover and indeed of the gallery-goer, appreciator of the feminine and occasional boulevardier—would become simply unlivable and unthinkable in an Islamic republic. Again, he could accede politely to my point but carry on somehow as if nothing had been conceded. I came slowly to realize that with Edward, too, I was keeping two sets of books. We agreed on things like the first Palestinian intifadah, another event that took the Western press completely off guard, and we collaborated on a book of essays that asserted and defended Palestinian rights. This was in the now hard-to-remember time when all official recognition was withheld from the PLO. Together we debated Professor Bernard Lewis and Leon Wieseltier at a once-celebrated conference of the Middle East Studies Association in Cambridge in 1986, tossing and goring them somewhat in a duel over academic 'objectivity' in the wider discipline. But even then I was indistinctly aware that Edward didn't feel himself quite at liberty to say certain things, while at the same time feeling rather too much obliged to say certain other things. A low point was an almost uncritical profile of Yasser Arafat that he contributed to Interview magazine in the late 1980s.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“I love books. If they are good books, I love them even more. But even if they are bad books, I still love them.”
― Hugo Chavez

“Si no podéis disfrutar leyendo un libro repetidas veces, de nada sirve leerlo ni una sola vez.”
― Oscar Wilde

“But if you like, you can come share a tasty meal of bread, raisins, and fresh Burgos cheese. With that, and The Count of Monte Cristo, anyone can live to a hundred.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game

“It's my contention that each book creates its own structure and its own length. I've written three or four slim books. It may be that the next novel is a big one, but I don't know.”
― Don DeLillo

“I had written all I was going to write, if the truth had been known, and there is nothing wrong with that. If more writers knew that, the world would be saved a lot of bad books, and more people--men and women alike--could go on to happier, more productive lives.”
― Richard Ford, The Sportswriter

“I decide a book is bad if I get angrier and angrier as I read it.”
― Daniel T. O'Hara

“This is what drives a young writer out of his head, this feeling that nothing is being said.”
― William Saroyan

“It would be unfair to say that I prefer the back of a book to its contents, but it is true that the sight of a lot of books gives me the hope that I may some day read them, which sometimes develops into the belief that I have read them.”
― Kenneth Clark, Another Part of the Wood : A Self Portrait

“I generally read every night befi=ore I fall asleep: Brad does too. I find it comforting to lie beside my husband, each of us with a book in our hands. I see it as a period of calm and intimacy, and as the perfect metaphor-together, yet individual-for our marriage.”
― Debbie Macomber, Summer on Blossom Street

“Who can say how many lives have been saved by books?”
― Michelle Cliff, Everything Is Now: New and Collected Stories

“The e-reading revolution may have reached our shores this year but it has yet to reckon with Australia's summer holidays. Intense sunlight plays havoc with screens and the sand invades every nook and cranny, so as convenient and sexy as your new iPad may be, the battered paperback, its pages pocked and swollen from contact with briny hands, will likely remain the beach format of choice for a few years yet.”
― Geordie Williamson

“Books are like bacon for the mind.”
― Thomas F. Shubnell

“Books do pretend ...but squeezed in between is even more that is true—without what you may call the lies, the pages would be too light for the truth, you see?”
― Matthew Pearl, The Last Dickens

“The book and I secret ourselves
Behind the paneled door.
We merge our thoughts in retrospect
Of ancient mystic lore.

We spend a pleasant quiet hour,
Nor know it passed us by...
The easy chair, the shaded lamp,
A well-loved book and I.”
― Edna Moore Schultz

“Ignatius B. Samson, welcome to the Cemetery of Forgotten Books.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game

“Now that his children had grown into their lives, their own children too, there was no one who needed more than the idea of him, and he thought maybe that was why he had this nagging feeling, this sense that there were things he had to know for himself, only for himself. He knew, of course he knew, that a life wasn't anything like one of those novels Jenny read, that it stumbled along, bouncing off one thing, then another, until it just stopped, nothing wrapped up neatly. He remembered his children's distress at different times, failing an exam or losing a race, a girlfriend. Knowing that they couldn't believe him but still trying to tell them that it would pass, that they would be amazed, looking back, to think it had mattered at all. He thought of himself, thought of things that had seemed so important, so full of meaning when he was twenty, or forty, and he thought maybe it was like Jenny's books after all. Red herrings and misdirection, all the characters and observations that seemed so central, so significant while the story was unfolding. But then at the end you realized that the crucial thing was really something else. Something buried in a conversation, a description - you realized that all along it had been a different answer, another person glimpsed but passed over, who was the key to everything. Whatever everything was. And if you went back, as Jenny sometimes did, they were there, the clues you'd missed while you were reading, caught up in the need to move forward. All quietly there.”
― Mary Swan

“I was no longer able to hear the music that issues from a decent piece of prose.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game

“Its appearance was greeted with cries of rapture, and following a brief struggle over possesion of the volume, William rescued it before it should be torn to pieces, but allowed himself to be induced to read some of the passages aloud, his dramatic rendering being greeted by wolflike howls of enthusiasim and hails of live pits.”
― Diana Gabaldon

“You might have noticed that I have been sending you used books. I have done this not to save money, but to make a point which is that a used book, unlike a used car, hasn't lost any of its initial value. A good story rolls of the lot into the hands of its new reader as smoothly as the day it was written. And there's another reason for these used paperbacks that never cost much even when new; I like the idea of holding a book that someone else has held, of eyes running over lines that have already seen the light of other eyes. That, in one image, is the community of readers, is the communion of literature.”
― Yann Martel, What is Stephen Harper Reading?: Yann Martel's Recommended Reading for a Prime Minister and Book Lovers of All Stripes

“The finest music in the room is that which streams out to the ear of the spirit in many an exquisite strain from the little shelf of books on the opposite wall. Every volume there is an instrument which some melodist of the mind created and set vibrating with music, as a flower shakes out its perfume or a star shakes out its light. Only listen, and they soothe all care, as though the silken-soft leaves of poppies had been made vocal and poured into the ear.”
― James Lane Allen

“Books never cease to astonish me. When I was a child, I knew--in the incontestable way that children know things--that God was an author who'd imagined me, which is why I (and everyone else) existed: to populate His narrative. My task was to imagine God in return: this was all He and I owed each other.”
― Martha Cooley, The Archivist

“One generation's pleasure became a burden for another. Hence, entire collections from father to son were sold for a song, and the vendors, knowing nothing about literature, would place a price on the books. (about secondhand literature book)”
― Murzban F. Shroff, Breathless in Bombay

“Chicken Soup for the Soul". You've heard of these books, am I right? We've all heard of them. But I wonder if you're aware of just how many "Chicken Soup" books exist on the planet. No offense, but I doubt it. I doubt it because in the time it would take you to come up with a number, the number would have become obsolete. Even as you read this, in some quiet, fecund place, another "Chicken Soup" book is being born.”
― Marisa de los Santos, Belong to Me

“I could hardly wait for following chapters, which arrived in dribs and drabs, and I began to feel for all the world like the young T.B. Macaulay walking from London to meet the Cambridge coach bearing the next installment of Waverley novels.”
― Vernon Sproxton

“But stories are like people, Atticus. Loving them doesn’t make them perfect. You try to cherish their virtues and overlook their flaws. The flaws are still there, though. "

"But you don’t get mad. Not like Pop does."

"No, that’s true, I don’t get mad. Not at stories. They do disappoint me sometimes." He looked at the shelves. "Sometimes, they stab me in the heart.”
― Matt Ruff, Lovecraft Country

“No book is dangerous in and of itself, you know. But historically, reading a book in the wrong way has led to terrible consequences.”
― Edgar Cantero, Meddling Kids

“Don't forget, and don't let your reader forget, that the small world in which you have held him for the last hour or two hasn't ended. Be aware, and make him aware, that tomorrow all of its remaining inhabitants will pick up the broken fragments of their lives, and carry on.”
― Joseph Hansen

“Overhyped books are the empty calories of the literary world.”
― Kevin Ansbro

“Look,' he says, 'have you ever looked forward to reading a book so much you can't actually start it?'
'Oh totally. All the time - if I had a grain of self-restraint I never would've been able to read the last Harry Potter book. The anticipation was painful. You know like what if it does live up to the last ones? What if it's not what I hope it'll be?”
― Beth O'Leary, The Flatshare

“... And the only way to find that honesty is to not overthink it.

For your writing to come alive--to be multi-dimensional--you must barter away some control.”
― Elizabeth Sims

“After all, a town without a bookshop was a town without a heart.”
― Veronica Henry, How to Find Love in a Bookshop

“Browsing through the shelves in bookstores or libraries, I was completely happy.”
― Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man

“Much later, Alice would wonder what might have happened if she had gone to bed when she was supposed to.”
― Django Wexler, The Forbidden Library

“The flickering candlelight conspired with the silence, and we only interrupted each other’s reading to share a casual delight.”
― Keith Donohue

“Libraries can in general be too narrow or too wide for the soul.”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg

“What's the use trying to read Shakespeare, especially in one of those little paper editions whose pages get ruffled, or stuck together with sea-water?”
― Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room

“Books, in the plural lose their solidity of substance and become a gas, filling all available space.”
― John Derbyshire

“Thus far, the only people who can grant you immortality are not scientists, but writers. By writing you into their books, they may not only immortalize you, but also grant you superpowers.”
― Charbel Tadros

“Surely it is better, thought Domenica, that forty-five should buy the book and actually read it, than should many thousands, indeed millions, buy it and put it on their shelves, like...Professor Hawking's Brief History of Time. That was a book that had been bought by millions, but had been demonstrated to have been read by only a minute proportion of those who had acquired it. For do we not all have a copy of that on our shelves, and who amongst us can claim to have read beyond the first page, in spite of the pellucid prose of its author and his evident desire to share with us his knowledge of...of whatever it is that the book is about?”
― Alexander McCall Smith, The World According to Bertie

“O livro é um pássaro com mais de cem asas para voar.”
― Ramón Gómez de la Serna

“Whenever we talk about darkness and light, the terms seem so abstract that many consider the answers to be found in meditation and yoga, but I’m here to tell you that the answers are in the books you will never read, waiting all your life in the libraries you ignored and the bookstores you didn’t visit. I’m here to tell you as well that you are your own Satan and evil can’t possibly interfere more in your life than what you’re already doing to yourself by remaining ignorant. Until you choose the light, darkness is your personal choice, and there’s no reason to feel any empathy for you.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“For I need not remind such an audience as this that the neat sorting out of books into age-groups, so dear to publishers, has only a very sketchy relation with the habits of any real readers. Those of us who are blamed when old for reading childish books were blamed when children for reading books too old for us. No reader worth his salt trots along in obedience to a time-table.”
― C.S. Lewis, Of This and Other Worlds

“Biblioteki są zapisami naszych czytelniczych porażek.
Jak mało w nich książek, które naprawdę nam się podobały. Jeszcze mniej takich, które podobają się nam przy kolejnej lekturze. Większość to pamiątki po ludziach, którymi chcieliśmy być. Których udawaliśmy. Których braliśmy za siebie.”
― Marcin Wicha, Rzeczy, których nie wyrzuciłem

“We believed in the existence in this country of a vast reading public for intelligent books at a low price and staked everything on it.”
― Allen Lane

“London, December 1915. In the master bedroom (never was the estate agent's epithet more appropriate) of Flat 21, Carlyle Mansions, Cheyne Walk, Chelsea, the distinguished author is dying - slowly, but surely. In Flanders, less than two hundred miles away, other men are dying more quickly, more painfully, more pitifully - young men, mostly, with their lives still before them, blank pages that will never be filled. The author is seventy-two. He has had an interesting and varied life, written many books, travelled widely, enjoyed the arts, moved in society (one winter he dined out 107 times), and owns a charming old house in Rye as well as the lease of this spacious London flat with its fine view of the Thames. He has had deeply rewarding friendships with both men and women. If he has never experienced sexual intercourse, that was by his own choice, unlike the many young men in Flanders who died virgins either for lack of opportunity or because they hoped to marry and were keeping themselves chaste on principle.”
― David Lodge, Author, Author

“It began to falter not when the book publishers who loved books gave way to those who preferred profits to reading. It happened when publishers and editors cut back on their drinking. If there is one national flower in book publishing, it is the martini.”
― Al Silverman

“The books I would like to print are the books I love to read and keep.”
― William Morris

“Her seven-year-old self had decided that stealing books was morally bankrupt, but since the books hadn’t actually left the library—they’d merely been relocated—it wasn’t technically stealing. Echo looked around at her sea of tomes, and a single word came to mind: Tsundoku. It was the Japanese word for letting books pile up without reading them all.”
― Melissa Grey, The Girl at Midnight

“Books were cities I'd never visited, filled with pillars of great thoughts and streets of phrases, mazes of abstruse sentence structures and alleys of complicated syllables. They were stores that displayed a wide range of things, punctuation twinkling like the crest of a venerable family, sentences breathing peacefully, words whispering.”
― Jung-Myung Lee, The Investigation

“Books you have read share a deep ontological similarity with books you haven't: both can be profoundly fuzzy. At times books you haven't read shine more brightly than those you have, and often reading part of a book will shape your mind more decisively than reading all of it; there is no inherent epistemic superiority to having read a book or not having read it.”
― john durham peters, The Marvelous Clouds: Toward a Philosophy of Elemental Media

“Books can change the world. They represent a second chance for those that want to change their life and can’t.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“Shelby watched the books burn. She wonders if words are pouring down on other people's houses,sad words, like beast and mourn and sorrow and mother.”
― Alice Hoffman, Faithful

“Its emptiness is more than the lack of living, breathing beings. It is the unread pages of the many books that reside on the shelves throughout the room I should hot have thought one could tell when books have gone unread, but after the company of Birchwood's well-loved library it is as if I can hear these books whispering, their pages grasping and reaching for an audience.”
― Michelle Zink, Prophecy of the Sisters

“No, I am not imagining a book-burning, warmongering, anti-intellectual fascist regime – in my plan, there is no place for re ghters who light up the Homers and Lady Murasakis and Cao Xueqins stashed under your bed – because, for starters, I’m not banning literature per se. I’m banning the reading of literature. Purchasing and collecting books and other forms of literature remains perfectly legitimate as long as you don’t peruse the literature at hand.”
― Kyoko Yoshida

“I perceived quite early that I was a reader, and most of the people I came into contact with were not. It made a barrier. What they wanted to talk about were things they had eaten, touched, or done. What I wanted to talk about was what I had read.”
― Frederik Pohl, The Way the Future Was: A Memoir

“Great readers (are) those who know early that there is never going to be time to read all there is to read, but do their darnedest anyway.”
― Larry McMurtry, Walter Benjamin at the Dairy Queen: Reflections on Sixty and Beyond

“If he let one day pass without glancing at a single page, habit led him to feel a vague sense of decay. Therefore, in the face of most intrusions, he tried to arrange it so that he could stay in touch with the printed word. There were moments when he felt that books constituted his only legitimate province.”
― Natsume Soseki, And Then

“The Allatians believe that they have a writing system superior to all others. Unlike books written in alphabets, syllabaries, or logograms, an Allatian book captures not only words, but also the writer’s tone, voice, inflection, emphasis, intonation, rhythm. It is simultaneously a score and a recording. A speech sounds like a speech, a lament a lament, and a story re-creates perfectly the teller’s breathless excitement. For the Allatians, reading is literally hearing the voice of the past.

But there is a cost to the beauty of the Allatian book. Because the act of reading requires physical contact with the soft, malleable surface, each time a text is read, it is also damaged and some aspects of the original irretrievably lost. Copies made of more durable materials inevitably fail to capture all the subtleties of the writer’s voice, and are thus shunned.

In order to preserve their literary heritage, the Allatians have to lock away their most precious manuscripts in forbidding libraries where few are granted access. Ironically, the most important and beautiful works of Allatian writers are rarely read, but are known only through interpretations made by scribes who attempt to reconstruct the original in new books after hearing the source read at special ceremonies.”
― Ken Liu, The Paper Menagerie and Other Stories

“He stood there for a moment looking around the silent room, shaking his head slowly. All these books, he thought, the residue of a planet's intellect, the scrapings of futile minds, the leftovers, the potpourri of artifacts that had no power to save men from perishing.”
― Richard Matheson, I Am Legend

“Boredom is not far from bliss: it is bliss seen from the shores of pleasure.”
― Roland Barthes, The Pleasure of the Text

“When my phone chimes with a text message on Monday morning, I'm still in that dreamy state between sleep and awake where you can pretty much convince yourself of anything. Like that a teen Mick Jagger is waiting in your driveway to take you to school. Or that your favorite book series ended with an actual satisfying conclusion, instead of what the author tried to pass off as a satisfying conclusion.”
― Jessica Brody, A Week of Mondays

“The books [poetry collections] may not sell, but neither are they given away or thrown away. They tend, more than other books, to fall apart in their owners’ hands. Not I suppose good news in a culture and economy built on obsolescence. But for a book to be loved this way and turned to this way for consolation and intense renewable excitement seems to me a marvel.”
― Louise Glück

“Even the names of the books gave me food for thought.”
― Virginia Woolf

“Altogether, if I had to pick one place to hang out anywhere, from New York to Cape Town and Australia to Hong Kong, a bookstore would be it.”
― Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road

“Humans have the ability to rewrite history. Within a few decades it is not even questioned. Stories of the past become as real as the world you walk through today. Wars are waged over false history. Sins are denied. All for mankind to move forward and feel comfortable about its past. Your true history is written in the stars. Look up, breathe in, and be humbled by the ones who came before you. The ones who have suffered, who have endured, who have overcome. Their blood is alive in you. Their spirits roam freely in the heavens above.”
― Jason E. Hodges, When The Cedars Shade Your Grave

“Her presence had awakened in him a man suddenly whipped by his earlier ideals, whose lost manhood wanted to assert itself in action.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Still, when I think of early friendships, I think not of people but of books. Books were my friends, and more often than not, the characters in the books were my imaginary friends, who stepped out of the pages and walked wth me to school or sat in bed with me, talking when I was meant to be asleep. What I mean is reading was my friends. And also I mean that I learned about friendship - patience, slowness, listening, care - from reading and from reading about friendship between people.”
― Erin Wunker, Notes from a Feminist Killjoy: Essays on Everyday Life

“In an established love of reading there is a policy of insurance guaranteeing certain happiness till death.”
― A. Edward Newton, End Papers: Literary Recreations

“Novelists,’ said Ivo, ‘are to the nineties what cooks were to the eighties, hairdressers to the seventies and pop-stars to the sixties… Merely, you know, an expression of the Zeitgeist, Nobody actually reads novels any more, but it’s a fashionable thing to be a novelist – as long as you don’t entertain people of course. I sometimes think,’ said Ivo, his eyes like industrial diamonds, ‘that my sole virtue is, I’m the only person in London who has no intention of writing any kind of novel, ever.”
― Amanda Craig, A Vicious Circle

“Henry did not want to be fixed, was somehow convinced that the fix would be a lie, something that would lessen him.”
― Stephen King, Dreamcatcher

“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“When I read a novel my imagination starts off at a gallop and leaves the narrator hidden in a cloud of dust; I have to come jogging twenty miles back to the denouement.”
― Henry James, Watch and Ward

“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“One: A Book Is A Universe and the Universe is a Book. Inside a book, any Physiks or Magical Laws or Manners or Histories may hold sway. A book is its own universe and while in it, you must play by their rules. More or less. Some of the more modern novels are lenient on this point and have very few policemen to spare. This is why sometimes, when you finish a book, you feel strange and woozy, as though you have just woken up. Your body is getting used to the rules and your own universe again. And your own universe is just the biggest and longest and most complicated book ever written—except for all the other ones. This is also why books along the walls make a place feel different—all those universes, crammed into one spot! Things are bound to shift and warp and hatch schemes!
Two: Books Are People. Some are easy to get along with and some are shy, some are full of things to say and some are quiet, some are fanciful and some are plainspoken, some you will feel as though you've known forever the moment you open the cover, and some will take years to grow into. Just like people, you must be introduced properly and sit down together with a cup of something so that you can sniff at each other like tomcats but lately acquainted. Listen to their troubles and share their joys. They will have their tempers and you will have yours, and sometimes you will not understand a book, nor will it understand you—you can't love all books any more than you can love every stranger you meet. But you can love a lot of them. And the love of a book is a precious, subtle, strange thing, well worth earning, And just like people, you are never really done with a book—some part of it will stay with you, gently changing the way you see and speak and know.
Three: People Are Books. This has two meanings. The first is: Every person is a story. They have a beginning and a middle and an end (though some may have sequels and series).They have motifs and narrative tricks and plot twists and daring escapes and love lost and love won. The rules of books are the rules of life because a book must be written by a person alive, and an alive person will usually try to tell the truth about the world, even if they dress it up in spangles and feathers.
The other meaning is: When you read a book, it is not only a story. It is never only a story. Exciting plots may occur, characters suffer and triumph, yes, It is a story. But it is also a person speaking to you, directly to you. A person far away, perhaps in time, perhaps in space, perhaps both. A person who wanted to say something so loud that everyone could hear it. A book is a time-travelling teleportation machine. And there's millions and millions of them! When you read a book, you have a conversation with the person who wrote it. And that conversation is never quite the same twice. Every single reader has a different chat, because they are different people with different histories and ideas in their heads. Why, you cannot even have the same conversation with the same book twice! If you read a book as a child, and again as a Grown-Up, it will be something altogether other. New things will have happened to you, new folk will have come into your life and taught you wild and wonderful notions you never thought of before. You will not be the same person—and neither will the book. When you read, know that someone somewhere wrote those very words just for you, in hopes that you would find something there to take with you in your own travels through time and space.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There

“Every true reader could, even if not one new book were published, spend decades and centuries studying on, fighting on, continuing to rejoice in the treasure of those already at hand.”
― Hermann Hesse

“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
― Compton Gage

“She's always loved writers, even more than the books I think. They're like personal friends to her.”
― Josephine Hart, The truth about love

“The question ‘Why poetry?’ isn’t asking what makes poetry unique among art forms; poetry may indeed share its origins with other forms of privileged utterance. A somewhat more interesting question would be: “What is the nature of experience, and especially the experience of using language, that calls poetic utterance into existence? What is there about experience that’s unutterable?” You can’t generalize very usefully about poetry; you can’t reduce its nature down to a kernel that underlies all its various incarnations. I guess my internal conversation suggests that if you can’t successfully answer the question of “Why poetry?,” can’t reduce it in the way I think you can’t, then maybe that’s the strongest evidence that poetry’s doing its job; it’s creating an essential need and then satisfying it.”
― Richard Ford

“There are books showing men how to succeed in everything; they are written by men who cannot even succeed in writing books.”
― G.K. Chesterton, All Things Considered

“[P]art of the pleasure of engaging with a writer is unraveling some allusions and admitting defeat by others.”
― Felipe Fernández-Armesto, Civilizations: Culture, Ambition, and the Transformation of Nature

“What's the book like?"
"Well, some of it's twaddle, but mostly it's just piffle. Cheers!”
― David Mitchell, Ghostwritten

“To be honest I wrote it mainly from the reason and wanting something more than a life something which could explore my life at deeper level. Probably I have done it... probably I haven't done it... what I know is that I won't be for this Century like somebody famous... I will be still average, I can't go on the amazon and starting selling my works... I don't feel comfortable being in that state.”
― Deyth Banger, The Life Of One Kid

“It was a fruit we had never seen before, larger than an apple, about the size of a grapefruit. It was round and yellow like the leaves of a neglected book.”
― Mai Al-Nakib, The Hidden Light of Objects

“He had appointed her not only guardian angel, but a member of his ideals.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Compassion is an unstable emotion. It needs to be translated into action, or it withers.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Every lover could be brought to trial as the murderer of his own love. When something hurts you, saddens you, I rush to avoid it, to alter it, to feel as you do, but you turn away with a gesture of impatience and say: "I don't understand”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Perhaps too much value is assigned to memory, not enough to thinking. Remembering is an ethical act, has ethical value in and of itself. Memory is, achingly, the only relation we can have with the dead.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“But love, the great narcotic, was the hothouse in which all the selves burst into their fullest bloom...”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“The fascination exerted by one human being over another is not what he emits of his personality at the present instant of encounter but a summation of his entire being which gives off this powerful drug capturing the fancy and attachment.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Now, his hair is white and he no longer understands anyone's need to love, for he has lost everything, not to love, but to his games of love; and when you love as a game, you lose everything, as he lost his home and wife, and now he clings to me, afraid of loss, afraid of solitude.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“They had reached a perfect moment of human love. They had created a moment of perfect understanding and accord. This highest moment would now remain as point of comparison to torment them later on when all natural imperfections would disintegrate it.”
― Anaïs Nin

“To set their sufferings alongside the sufferings of another people was to compare them (which hell was worse?), demoting Sarajevo's martyrdom to a mere instance.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“I am sure you would not understand if I told you my father is delightfully clear and selfish, tender and lying, formal and incurable. He exhausts all the loves given to him. If I did not leave his house at night to warm myself in Rango's burning hands I would die at my task, arid and barren, sapless, while my father monologues about his past, and I yawn yawn yawn...”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Out of worship and out of love he would let no one light the stove for her either, as if he would be the warmth and the fire to dry and warm her feet.”
― Anaïs Nin

“No privacy left. No manners.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Ali Baba protects the lovers! Gives them the luck of bandits, and no guilt, for love fills certain people and expands them beyond all laws; there is no time, no place for regrets, hesitations, cowardices. Love runs free and reckless, and all the gentle trickeries perpetrated to protect others from its burns-those who are not the lovers but who might be the victims of this love's expansion.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“It is a view of suffering, of the pain of others, that is rooted in religious thinking, which links pain to sacrifice, sacrifice to exaltation - a view that could not be more alien to a modern sensibility, which regards suffering as something that is a mistake or an accident or a crime. Something to be fixed. Something to be refused. Something that makes one feel powerless.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“No moment of charm without long roots in the past, no moment of charm is born on bare soil, a careless accident of beauty, but is the sum of great sorrows, growths, and efforts.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Men from the mountains always dream of the sea, and above all things I love to travel.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Paul, Paul, this is the claim you never made, the fervor you never showed. You were so cool and light, so elusive, and I never felt you encircling me and claiming possession. Rango is saying all the words I wanted to hear you say. You never came close to me, even while taking me. You took me as men take foreign women in distant countries whose language they cannot speak. You took me in silence and strangeness.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Hello" and "good-bye" were a pair of bookends, propping up a vast library of blank volumes, void almanacs, novels full of sentiment I couldn't apprehend”
― Lauren Collins, When in French: Love in a Second Language

“He failed to see that it contained at once all of Djuna's wishes which had been denied, and these wishes had flown from all directions to meet at this intersection and to plead once more for understanding.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Making suffering loom larger, by globalizing it, may spur people to feel they ought to "care" more.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“These rituals Rango could not sustain, for he could not maintain the effort to arrive on time since his lifelong habit had created the opposite habit: to elude, to avoid, to disappoint every expectation of others, every commitment, every promise, every crystallization.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Photographs that depict suffering shouldn't be beautiful, as captions shouldn't moralize.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“One can feel obliged to look at phototgraphs that record great cruelties and crimes. One should feel obliged to think about what it means to look at them, about the capacity actually to assimilate what they show. Not all reactions to these pictures are under the supervision of reason and conscience.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Although I was so big, and so rough in many ways, loved hunting, fighting, horseback riding, I loved the piano above everything else...The mountain man's obsession is to get a glimpse of the sea.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“I loved your breaking down that door, repeated Djuna. Through Rango she had breathed some other realm she had never attained before. She had touched through his act some climate of violence she had never known before.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“It is felt that there is something morally wrong with the abstract of reality offered by photography; that one has no right to experience the suffering of others at a distance, denuded of its raw power; that we pay too high a human (or moral) price for those hitherto admired qualities of vision - the standing back from the aggressiveness of the world which frees us for observation and for elective attention.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Up to a point, the weight and seriousness of such photographs survive better in a book, where one can look privately, linger over the pictures, without talking. Still, at some moment the book will be closed. The strong emotion will become a transient one.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“We" - this "we" is everyone who has never experienced anything like what they went through - don't understand. We don't get it. We truly can't imagine what it was like. We can't imagine how dreadful, how terrifying war is; and how normal it becomes. Can't understand, can't imagine. That's what every soldier, and every journalist and aid worker and independent observer who has put in time under fire, and had the luck to elude the death that struck down others nearby, stubbornly feels. And they are right.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Of course, you'll defend Jay," says Rango, He was a part of your former life, of your former values. I will never be able to alter that. I want you to think as I do."
"But Rango, you couldn't respect someone who surrendered an opinion merely to please you . It would be hypocrisy.”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“What can I say Rango? What can I do to prove to you that I belong to you?”
― Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel

“Often something looks, or is felt to look, "better" in a photograph. Indeed, it is one of the functions of photography to improve the normal appearance of things. (Hence, one is always disappointed by a photograph that is not flattering.)”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“The sweetest and most heavenly of activities partake in some measure of violence - the act of love, for instance; music, for instance. You must take your chance, boy. The choice has been all yours.”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“You have no cause to grumble boy. You made your choice and all this is a consequence of your choice. Whatever now ensues is what you yourself have chosen.”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“Well, everything's a lesson, isn't it? Learning all the time, as you could say.”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“The thrill of theft, of violence, the urge to live easy - is it worth it when we have undeniable proof, yes, yes, incontrovertible evidence that hell exists?”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“What does God want? Does God want goodness or the choice of goodness? Is a man who chooses the bad perhaps in some way better than a man who has the good imposed upon him?”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“The intention to act violently is accompanied by strong feelings of physical distress.”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“And yet, in a sense, in choosing to be deprived of the ability to make an ethical choice, you have in a sense really chosen the good.”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“You can viddy that everything in this wicked world counts. You can pony that one thing always leads to another. Right right right.”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“When we're healthy we respond to the presence of the hateful with fear and nausea.”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“And now, talking of praying, I realise sadly that there will be little point in praying for you. You are passing now to a region where you will be beyond the reach of the power of prayer.”
― Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange

“What is odd is not that so many of the iconic news photos of the past, including some of the best-remembered pictures from the Second World War, appear to have been staged. It is that we are surprised to learn they were staged and always disappointed.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Perhaps if I'd had God in my life growing up I would have been able to understand the total and complete unfairness of the universe rewarding mean girls”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“It's so clear to me now: the memorizing of a fake prayer, the symbolization of objects, the struggle to relate to the invisible - I needed a religion. I was lost.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“Teddy bears are best because they understand it's nice to be alone.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“It should be noted that my mother has a long history of being disturbingly unperturbed by what normal people deem perturbing. Certain things simply don't strike her as worthy of a sit-down.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“Weddings are friendship deal breakers if the friendship is weak. There are too many favors, too many tasks, too much required devotion and Aqua Net for imposters like me. I tried to make eye contact with Francine, to give her a knowing good-bye smile like a ghost of a loved one in a movie. It was no usue, I decided to cut my final pink wire. There would be no more yearly "happy birthdays" and certainly no more bonding with the girl in the duct tape dress. That ship had sailed.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“love is not boastful. But hate? Apparently hate has a big mouth.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“With time, many staged photographs turn back into historical evidence, albeit of an impure kind - like most historical evidence.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Francine looked up and mouthed, "Thank you." "any titme," I lied.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“It seemed that having girlfriends was a sign of innocence and a boundless capacity to care about other women. The hearts in that photograph and multiple strings attached to multiple other hearts. Everything was less about cliché and more about camaraderie. We weren't out for ourselves, we were out for each other. When had I forgotten that? When had I cut the pink wire?”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“I have never pictured my own wedding. I do want to get married. It's a nice idea. Though I think husbands are like tattoos - you should wait until you come across something you want on your body for the rest of your life.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“I thought of the past and how one should have respect for it, like the elderly.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“So natural and universal is a child's curiosity about sex and so long are we conscious of it before we do it, that our original impressions of it leave an indelible mark.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“There is a point in most abusive relationships when it occurs to the beaten party that they are guilty of putting their face in the way of someone else's fist.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“Even a person like this makes mistakes, can't always hold on to everything they'd like to,can't always force the world to spin in the direction of their choosing. You'll hug him longer than necessary and tell him to keep in touch. And you'll know, finally, that it had nothing to do with you.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“In fact, there are many uses of the innumerable opportunities a modern life supplies for regarding - at a distance, through the medium of photography - other people's pain.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“The memory of war, however, like all memory, is mostly local.”
― Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others

“Perhaps the only people with the right to look at images of suffering of this extreme order are those who could do something to alleviate it - say, the surgeons at the military hospital where the photograph was taken - or those who could learn from it. The rest of us are voyeurs, whether or not we mean to be.”
― Susan Sontag

“The real proof that I have tried to love and that people have tried to love me back was never going to fit in a kitchen drawer.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“Why do people always want to put their hands on vulnerability? I sped up.”
― Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake

“You become a house where the wind blows straight through, because no one bothers the crack in the window or lock on the door, and you’re the house where people come and go as they please, because you’re simply too unimpressed to care. You let people in who you really shouldn’t let in, and you let them walk around for a while, use your bed and use your books, and await the day when they simply get bored and leave. You’re still not bothered, though you knew they shouldn’t have been let in in the first place, but still you just sit there, apathetic like a beggar in the desert.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine

“I want to read every book that’s written
hear every song that was sung
I want to gaze at every cloud
and hold the zing of each fruit on my tongue.”
― Sanober Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest

“I’ve always loved the night, when everyone else is asleep and the world is all mine. It’s quiet and dark—the perfect time for creativity.”
― Jonathan Harnisch, Porcelain Utopia

“People who believe they have bad luck create bad luck. Those who believe they are very fortunate, that the world is a generous place filled with trustworthy people, live in exactly that kind of world.”
― Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure

“A place is not really a place without a bookstore.”
― Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry

“Books are the only things worth stealing.”
― Sully Tarnish, The Dragon and the Apprentice: A Wizard's Wager

“A professional headshot in front of a bookshelf says you're an intellectual. A professional headshot peeking though a bookshelf says you're probably under a restraining order.”
― Ryan Lilly

“Never before had I felt trapped, so seduced and caught up in a story,' Clara explained, 'the way I did with that book. Until then, reading was just a duty, a sort of fine one had to pay teachers and tutors without quite knowing why. I had never known the pleasure of reading, of exploring the recesses of the soul, of letting myself be carried away by imagination, beauty, and the mystery of fiction and language. For me all those things were born with that novel. This is a world of shadows, Daniel, and magic is a rare asset. That book taught me that by reading, I could live more intensely. It could give me back the sight I had lost. For that reason alone, a book that didn't matter to anyone, changed my life.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“I learned from the age of two or three that any room in our house, at any time of day, was there to read in, or be read to.”
― Eudora Welty, One Writer's Beginnings

“Every time you open a book for the first time, there is something akin to safe-breaking about it. Yes, that's exactly it: the frantic reader is like a burglar who has spent hours digging a tunnel to enter the strongroom of a bank. He emerges face to face with hundreds of strongboxes, all identical, and opens them one by one. And each time a box is opened, it loses its anonymity and becomes unique: one is filled with paintings, another with a bundle of banknotes, a third with jewels or letters tied in ribbon, engravings, objects of no value at all, silverware, photos, gold sovereigns, dried flowers, files of paper, crystal glasses, or children’s toys--and so on. There is something intoxicating about opening a new one, finding its contents and feeling overjoyed that in a trice one is no longer in front of a set of boxes, but in the presence of the riches and wretched banalities that make up human existence.”
― Jacques Bonnet, Phantoms on the Bookshelves

“The internet is killing the art of writing. The big "publish" button begs you to publish even before you go back and make one single edit, and as if this was not enough, you have instant readers who praise your writing skills!-”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity

“Many writers write because they’ve been there, seen that, did it and burnt their fingers”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity

“Let this little book be thy friend, if, owing to fortune or through thine own fault, thou canst not find a dearer companion.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“A writer reports on the universe. When he presents his credentials, the gates of heaven and hell are equally opened to him. He can hear the devil’s defense and god’s accusations. The guards at the king’s heart let him in. The writer can be anything and any one he wants. When he writes he is a god, he creates.”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity

“Truths are dangerous," he said.
"Then why are you writing them in a book?"
"To catch them between the pages," said Teddy, "and trap them before they disappear.”
― Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue

“You are what you eat and read.”
― Maya Corrigan

“Don't believe in everything that is written. Not everything that is written is true”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity

“So much is yet to come. Soon will be blankets and pillows, and books by the bed to make the stuff of dreams. And then tomorrows.”
― Jim McCann, Return of the Dapper Men

“You never know, of course, when you write a book what its fate will be. Sink out of sight, soar to the sun–who knows.

I love this quote from Frances Mayes. It pretty much sums up the Great Unknown of book writing.”
― Frances Mayes, Under the Tuscan Sun

“No magic Rune is stranger than a Book. All that Mankind has done, thought, gained or been: it is lying
as in magic preservation in the pages of Books. They are the chosen possession of men.”
― Thomas Carlyle

“One author said "I write because I want to live a footprint in the sands of history.” It's hard to live a footprint in the sands of history when giants are passing through the same sands unless you are one of the giants”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity

“Somewhere between 'not enough' and 'not at all.' I was always hungry for love. Just once, I wanted to know what it was like to get my fill of it - to be fed so much love I couldn't take any more. Just once. But they never gave that to me. Never, not once.”
― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood

“Camomille: Fallible men write books. God writes in sunlight and rivers and planets. Isn't the Universe a good book? I trust it above the printed kind.”
― Mark Siegel, Sailor Twain: Or: The Mermaid in the Hudson

“You learn almost as much about a thinker from what he reads—in particular, what he likes and what he disdains—as from what he writes himself.”
― Rodney Ulyate

“If I can write, who possibly can’t. Even drawing a line in the sand is writing”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity

“Who can know anybody?' said the bookshop owner. 'Every person is like thousands of books. New, reprinting, in stock, out of stock, fiction, non-fiction, poetry, rubbish. The lot. Different every day. One's lucky to be able to put his hand on the one that's wanted, let alone know it.”
― Russell Hoban, The Lion of Boaz-Jachin and Jachin-Boaz

“A book is no mere book anymore than man can be mere man. A book was like an individual man, unmatched and with no cause of existence beyond himself.”
― Marcel Proust

“Books took, in her young life, the place of companions and childish games. She read a great deal without guidance or discrimination, and gained all her ideas on life, all her faith, all her ideals and aims and aspirations from books. Books stood between her and reality, and hid from her those deep truths that can never be learnt from even the greatest literary production, but can only be understood after long years of untiring observation and experience. It was in books also that Irene found her ideal of the man she could love. Her hero was an exceedingly complicated character.”
― Lyubov Dostoyevskaya, The Emigrant

“Quell'uomo regalava libri ad una donna. Non gioielli, né vestiti.
Libri.
Nessuno ne aveva mai regalato uno a lei, ad esclusione di Bess, mentre Ryan avrebbe gradito senza alcuna ombra di dubbio, così come adorava regalarli a sua volta. Offrire in dono un libro equivaleva ad impacchettare, oltre al volume, anche le ore, i pensieri, le riflessioni spese nei riguardi della persona che lo riceveva. E per quelli non esisteva un prezzo di copertina sufficiente.”
― Ella M. Endif, Manuale della perfetta adultera

“[...] to me a new book was not one of a number of similar objects, but was like an individual man, unmatched, and with no cause of existence beyond himself [...]”
― Marcel Proust

“I still love the book-ness of books, the smell of books: I am a book fetishist—books to me are the coolest and sexiest and most wonderful things there are.”
― Neil Gaiman

“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“I do not believe that all books will or should migrate onto screens: as Douglas Adams once pointed out to me, more than 20 years before the Kindle showed up, a physical book is like a shark. Sharks are old: there were sharks in the ocean before the dinosaurs. And the reason there are still sharks around is that sharks are better at being sharks than anything else is. Physical books are tough, hard to destroy, bath-resistant, solar-operated, feel good in your hand: they are good at being books, and there wil always be a place for them.”
― Neil Gaiman

“There is no mistaking a good book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg

“No, but I do read a lot. I love to read. I could read for days and never stop. I use to be such a bookworm. I would barely look up to notice much of anything.”
― Jennifer Loren, The Devil's Eyes

“Life without books, chocolate & coffee is just useless.”
― Nadun Lokuliyanage

“I am no novel-reader—I seldom look into novels—Do not imagine that I often read novels—It is really very well for a novel.” Such is the common cant. “And what are you reading, Miss—?” “Oh! It is only a novel!” replies the young lady, while she lays down her book with affected indifference, or momentary shame. “It is only Cecilia, or Camilla, or Belinda”; or, in short, only some work in which the greatest powers of the mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, the happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and humour, are conveyed to the world in the best-chosen language.”
― Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey

“There has always been, for me, this other world, this second world to fall back on--a more reliable world in so far as it does not hide that its premise is illusion.”
― Graham Swift, Ever After

“I am beginning to be sorry that I ever undertook to write this book. Not that it bores me; I have nothing else to do; indeed, it is a welcome distraction from eternity. But the book is tedious, it smells of the tomb, it has a rigor mortis about it; a serious fault, and yet a relatively small one, for the great defect of this book is you, reader. You want to live fast, to get to the end, and the book ambles along slowly; you like straight, solid narrative and a smooth style, but this book and my style are like a pair of drunks; they stagger to the right and to the left, they start and they stop, they mutter, they roar, they guffaw, they threaten the sky, they slip and fall...
And fall! Unhappy leaves of my cypress tree, you had to fall, like everything else that is lovely and beautiful; if I had eyes, I would shed a tear of remembrance for you. And this is the great advantage in being dead, that if you have no mouth with which to laugh, neither have you eyes with which to cry.”
― Machado de Assis, Memórias póstumas de Brás Cubas

“Katey's the hottest bookworm you'll ever meet. If you took all the books that she's read and piled them in a stack, you could climb to the Milky Way.”
― Amor Towles, Rules of Civility

“This allowed her two glorious hours sitting quietly by herself in a cozy corner, devouring one book after another. When she had read every single children's book in the place, she started wandering round in search of something else.”
― Roald Dahl, Matilda

“En resolución, él se enfrascó tanto en su lectura, que se le pasaban las noches leyendo de claro en claro, y los días de turbio en turbio, y así, del poco dormir y del mucho leer, se le secó el cerebro, de manera que vino a perder el juicio. Llenósele la fantasía de todo aquello que leía en los libros, así de encantamientos, como de pendencias, batallas, desafíos, heridas, requiebros, amores, tormentas y disparates imposibles, y asentósele de tal modo en la imaginación que era verdad toda aquella máquina de aquellas soñadas invenciones que leía, que para él no había otra historia más cierta en el mundo.”
― Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote

“هناك كتب مثل الخرائط تهديك إلى غيرها و هناك كتب تحتاج إلى خرائط لأن الذي يقلبها يضيع فيها”
― أنيس منصور, كتاب عن كتب

“The book that simply demands to be read, for no good reason, is asking us to change our lives by putting aside what we usually think of as good reasons. It's asking us to stop calculating. It's asking us to do something for the plain old delight and interest of it, not because we can justify its place on the mental spreadsheet or accounting ledger (like the one Benjamin Franklin kept) by which we tote up the value of our actions.”
― Alan Jacobs, The Pleasures of Reading in an Age of Distraction

“More than at any other time, when I hold a beloved book in my hand my limitations fall from me, my spirit is free.”
― Helen Keller, Midstream: My Later Life

“I suppose if I had to give a one-word answer to the question of why I read, that word would be pleasure. The kind of pleasure you can get from reading is like no other in the world.”
― Wendy Lesser, Why I Read: The Serious Pleasure of Books

“But eating was the last thing on my mind. And I didn't see how Miss Wilcox could eat, or teach, or sleep or ever find any reason to leave this room. Not with all these books in it, just begging to be read.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light

“I personally find that for domestic purposes, the Trivial Pursuit system works better than Dewey.”
― Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree

“Jesus, Mary …”
She said it out loud, the words distributed into a room that was full of cold air and books. Books everywhere! Each wall was armed with overcrowded yet immaculate shelving. It was barely possible to see the paintwork. There were all different styles and sizes of lettering on the spines of the black, the red, the gray, the every-colored books. It was one of the most beautiful things Liesel Meminger had ever seen.
With wonder, she smiled.
That such a room existed!
Even when she tried to wipe the smile away with her forearm, she realized instantly that it was a pointless exercise. She could feel the eyes of the woman traveling her body, and when she looked at her, they had rested on her face.
There was more silence than she ever thought possible. It extended like an elastic, dying to break. The girl broke it.
“Can I?”
The two words stood among acres and acres of vacant, wooden-floored land. The books were miles away.
The woman nodded.
Yes, you can”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“i live on my books. on my writings, i live on my royalties: the percentage an author recieves on each sold copy. and i am proud of it. i am so even though such percentage is small or i should say irrelevant.”
― Oriana Fallaci

“I hate it when everyone is so noble and good in a story that you can't imagine it being true at all.”
― Patricia Finney, Feud

“Lengo la jina la kitabu ni kuishawishi hadhira kusoma dibaji, na lengo la dibaji ni kuishawishi hadhira kusoma salio la kitabu kizima.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Maelyn smiled. If books could have litters, she'd be just as happy.”
― Anita Valle, Maelyn

“Gro Rollag was no beauty, but she was a strong capable young woman with a long face, prominent cheekbones, high forehead, and a kindly intelligent look in her rather narrow eyes. According to family lore, she was not the most conscientious housekeeper because she preferred reading to housework. A love of books and reading ran in the family. Of all the possessions they were forced to sell or leave behind in Norway, what the Rollags remembered with deepest regret was the library they inherited from an eighteenth-century ancestor - lovely old books sold to pay for their passage to America.”
― David Laskin, The Children's Blizzard

“Dr. Manning said he'd thought at first it might be sleeping sickness, or even narcolepsy, whatever that was, but - no, Pete was healthy enough physically. Manoel growled that the boy was bone-lazy, spending his time fishing and reading. Reading! No good could come of such things.

'In a way you're right, Manoel,' Dr. Manning said hesitantly. 'It's natural for a boy to day-dream now and then, but I think Pedro does it too much. I've let him use my library whenever he wanted, but it seems... h'm... it seems he reads the wrong things. Fairy tales are very charming, but they don't help a boy to cope with real life.'

'Com certeza,' Manoel agreed. 'You mean he has crazy ideas in the head.'

'Oh, they're rather nice ideas,' Dr. Manning said. 'But they're only fairy tales, and they're beginning to seem true to Pete. You see, Manoel, there are really two worlds, the real one, and the one you make up inside your mind. Sometimes a boy - or even a man - gets to like his dream world so much he just forgets about the real one and lives in the one he's made up.'

'I know,' Manoel said. 'I have seen some who do that. It is a bad thing.'

'It would be bad for Pete. He's a very sensitive boy. If you live too much in dreams, you can't face real life squarely.'

("Before I Wake...")”
― Henry Kuttner, Masters of Horror

“Books are like ice cream; there is a flavor for everyone!”
― K. Lamb

“The walls were lined with books, many of them in foreign languages, like insulation against the immediate present.”
― Ross Macdonald

“La lectura, asegura, ampliaría mi experiencia del mundo. Las ideas que se encuentran en los libros serios darían profundidad a mis pensamientos sobre cada decisión que tomo.”
― Sena Jeter Naslund

“Katrai grāmatai ir dvēsele - tā cilvēka dvēsele, kurš grāmatu sarakstījis, un to cilvēku dvēseles, kuri grāmatu lasījuši un kopā ar to sapņojuši.”
― Karloss Ruiss Safons

“My fingers burn behind the keys of my typewriter, the lettering fading with every thoughtful strike. The many words I write I dare not stall; my mind perpetually alert for my magnum opus call.”
― A.K. Kuykendall

“If I show up at your house ten years from now and find nothing in your living room but The Readers Digest, nothing on your bedroom night table but the newest Dan Brown novel, and nothing in your bathroom but Jokes for the John, I’ll chase you down to the end of your driveway and back, screaming ‘Where are your books? You graduated college ten years ago, so how come there are no damn books in your house? Why are you living on the intellectual equivalent of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese?”
― Stephen King

“Great writers, I discovered, were not to be bowed down before and worshipped, but embraced and befriended. Their names resounded through history not because they had massive brows and thought deep incomprehensible thoughts, but because they opened windows in the mind, they put their arms round you and showed you things you always knew but never dared to believe. Even if their names were terrifyingly foreign and intellectual sounding, Dostoevsky, Baudelaire or Cavafy, they turned out to be charming and wonderful and quite unalarming after all.”
― Stephen Fry, The Library Book

“Only a few days earlier he had explained to her that he did not merely read books but traveled with them, that they took him to other countries and unfamiliar continents, and that with their help he was always getting to know new people, many of whom even became his friends.”
― Jan-Philipp Sendker, The Art of Hearing Heartbeats

“While art thrives on the blazing colours of scandal, literature blossoms on the dark soil of tragedy.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“[T]he only luxury he allows himself is buying books, paperback books, mostly novels, American novels, British novels, foreign novels in translation, but in the end books are not luxuries so much as necessities, and reading is an addiction he has no wish to be cured of.”
― Paul Auster, Sunset Park

“Some years ago I had a conversation with a man who thought that writing and editing fantasy books was a rather frivolous job for a grown woman like me. He wasn’t trying to be contentious, but he himself was a probation officer, working with troubled kids from the Indian reservation where he’d been raised. Day in, day out, he dealt in a concrete way with very concrete problems, well aware that his words and deeds could change young lives for good or ill.
I argued that certain stories are also capable of changing lives, addressing some of the same problems and issues he confronted in his daily work: problems of poverty, violence, and alienation, issues of culture, race, gender, and class...
“Stories aren’t real,” he told me shortly. “They don’t feed a kid left home in an empty house. Or keep an abusive relative at bay. Or prevent an unloved child from finding ‘family’ in the nearest gang.”
Sometimes they do, I tried to argue. The right stories, read at the right time, can be as important as shelter or food. They can help us to escape calamity, and heal us in its aftermath. He frowned, dismissing this foolishness, but his wife was more conciliatory. “Write down the names of some books,” she said. “Maybe we’ll read them.”
I wrote some titles on a scrap of paper, and the top three were by Charles de lint – for these are precisely the kind of tales that Charles tells better than anyone. The vital, necessary stories. The ones that can change and heal young lives. Stories that use the power of myth to speak truth to the human heart.
Charles de Lint creates a magical world that’s not off in a distant Neverland but here and now and accessible, formed by the “magic” of friendship, art, community, and social activism. Although most of his books have not been published specifically for adolescents and young adults, nonetheless young readers find them and embrace them with particular passion. I’ve long lost count of the number of times I’ve heard people from troubled backgrounds say that books by Charles saved them in their youth, and kept them going.
Recently I saw that parole officer again, and I asked after his work. “Gets harder every year,” he said. “Or maybe I’m just getting old.” He stopped me as I turned to go. “That writer? That Charles de Lint? My wife got me to read them books…. Sometimes I pass them to the kids.”
“Do they like them?” I asked him curiously.
“If I can get them to read, they do. I tell them: Stories are important.”
And then he looked at me and smiled.”
― Terri Windling

“Choosing a new book was like looking for treasure.”
― Kit Pearson, Awake and Dreaming

“... The Book is more important than your plans for it. You have to go with what works for The Book ~ if your ideas appear hollow or forced when they are put on paper, chop them, erase them, pulverise them and start again. Don't whine when things are not going your way, because they are going the right way for The Book, which is more important. The show must go on, and so must The Book.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri

“Everything comes to him who waits, except a loaned book.”
― Kin Hubbard

“A friend once told me that the real message Bram Stoker sought to convey in 'Dracula' is that a human being needs to live hundreds and hundreds of years to get all his reading done; that Count Dracula, basically nothing more than a misunderstood bookworm, was draining blood from the necks of 10,000 hapless virgins not because he was the apotheosis of pure evil but because it was the only way he could live long enough to polish off his extensive reading list. But I have no way of knowing if this is true, as I have not yet found time to read 'Dracula.”
― Joe Queenan

“The most important single thing we had to pound into ourselves is that we were not important, we musn't be pedants; we were not to feel superior to anyone else in the world. We're nothing more than dust jackets for books, of no significance otherwise.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Ah college years, those were the days. Pure freedom ... leaving home for the first time…the parties…”
"What about the tutorials, the lectures, the large building with all the books called the ‘library’?”
“Is that what those were?” Gerry blithely replied.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“Library. It's where we lock up all those books before they start giving kids ideas," I said solemnly. "Very dangerous place to be.”
― Scott Tracey, Demon Eyes

“A life without books is a thirsty life, and one without poetry is...like a life without pictures.”
― Stephen King

“There's no such thing as 'no market'. Some books are just niche orientated that's all.”
― Jo Linsdell

“...to her all books were the same and, as with her subjects, she felt a duty to approach them without prejudice...Lauren Bacall, Winifred Holtby, Sylvia Plath - who were they? Only be reading could she find out.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“Archbishop. Why do I never read the lesson?”

“I beg your pardon, ma’am?”

“In church. Everybody else gets to read and one never does. It’s not laid down, is it? It’s not off-limits?”

“Not that I’m aware, ma’am.”

“Good. Well in that case I’m going to start. Leviticus, here I come. Goodnight.”

The archbishop shook his head and went back to Strictly Come Dancing.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“Me cae bien la gente que lee libros, y no sólo porque yo solía escribirlos. Los lectores de libros están tan dispuestos como cualquiera a iniciar una conversación con el tema del tiempo, pero son capaces de pasar de ahí.”
― Stephen King

“...that once were urgent and necessary for an orderly world and now were buried away, gathering dust and of no use to anyone.”
― Patricia A. McKillip, Alphabet of Thorn

“Aryami Bose's home had been closed up for years, inhabited only by books and paintings, but the spectre of thousands of memories imprisoned between its walls still permeated the house.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace

“Getting all emotionally wrapped up in made-up people's lives gives me a chance to take a break from my own life [...].”
― Arlaina Tibensky

“What we find in books is like the fire in our hearths. We fetch it from our neighbors, we kindle it at home, we communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all.”
― Voltaire, Le Fanatisme Ou Mahomet Le Prophète: Tragédie

“Working together as a team helps build a cohesive organization.”
― Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha

“Next o'er his books his eyes began to roll,
In pleasing memory of all he stole.”
― Alexander Pope, The Dunciad

“I thought about writing the character as male, but then I would be forced to portray him as a woman in a man's body.”
― Chris Stocking

“Seeking for salvation within covers with pages of printed letters”
― D.Kadie

“In books I find the dead as if they were alive; in books I foresee things to come; in books warlike affairs are set forth; from books come forth the laws of peace.

All things are corrupted and decay in time; Saturn ceases not to devour the children that he generates; all the glory of the world would be buried in oblivion, unless God had provided mortals with the remedy of books.”
― Richard de Bury Philobiblon 1339

“Charles de Lint creates a magical world that’s not off in a distant Neverland but here and now and accessible, formed by the “magic” of friendship, art, community, and social activism. Although most of his books have not been published specifically for adolescents and young adults, nonetheless young readers find them and embrace them with particular passion. I’ve long lost count of the number of times I’ve heard people from troubled backgrounds say that books by Charles saved them in their youth, and kept them going.”
― Terri Windling

“Isabel is looking at several collections of research journals. 'She would understand the issues if she chose to open one of the volumes, but she knew that there were conversations within which she would never have the time to participate in. And that, of course, was the problem with any large collection of books, whether in a library or a bookshop: one might feel intimidated by the fact that there was simply too many to read and not know where to start.”
― Alexander McCall Smith, The Lost Art of Gratitude

“There must always be a fringe of the experimental in literature--poems bizarre in form and curious in content, stories that overreach for what has not hitherto been put in story form, criticism that mingles a search for new truth with bravado. We should neither scoff at this trial margin nor take it too seriously. Without it, literature becomes inert and complacent. But the everyday person's reading is not, ought not to be, in the margin. He asks for a less experimental diet, and his choice is sound. If authors and publishers would give him more heed they would do wisely. They are afraid of the swarming populace who clamor for vulgar sensation (and will pay only what it is worth), and they are afraid of petulant literati who insist upon sophisticated sensation (and desire complimentary copies). The stout middle class, as in politics and industry, has far less influence than its good sense and its good taste and its ready purse deserve.”
― Henry Seidel Canby, Saturday Papers: Essays on Literature from The Literary Review

“Bookshop Customer: 'Who wrote the bible?'
Customer's friend: 'Jesus.”
― Jen Campbell, Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops

“Wherever they went the Irish brought with them their books, many unseen in Europe for centuries and tied to their waists as signs of triumph, just as Irish heroes had once tied to their waists their enemies' heads. Where they went they brought their love of learning and their skills in bookmaking. In the bays and valleys of their exile, they reestablished literacy and breathed new life into the exhausted literary culture of Europe.
And that is how the Irish saved civilization.”
― Thomas Cahill

“The lack of power to take joy in outdoor nature is as real a misfortune as the lack of power to take joy in books”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“And I came to understand, in a way I never had before, that books are truly the stuff of miracles. I even dared to dream that someday, somehow, I might surround myself with books from many times and many tongues...”
― T.A. Barron, The Lost Years of Merlin

“Once you’ve read too many trashy best-sellers, you begin to look for something with substance, something that attempts to define the universe.”
― Jessica Zafra, Womenagerie and Other Tales from the Front

“Being ill when you are a child or growing up is such an enchanted interlude! The outside world, the world of free time in the yard or the garden or on the street, is only a distant murmmur in the sickroom. Inside, a whole world of characters and stories proliferate out of the books you read. The fever that weakens your perception as it sharpens your imagination turns the sickroom into something new, both familiar and strange; monsters come grinning out of the patterns on the curtains and the carpet, and chairs, tables, bookcases and wardrobes burst out of their normal shapes and become mountains and buildings and ships you can almost touch although they're far away. Through the long hours of the night you have the Church clock for company and the rumble of the occasional passing car that throws it's headlights across the walls and ceilings. These are hours without sleep, which is not to say they're sleepless, because on the contrary, they're not about lack of anything, they are rich and full. Desires, memories, fears, passions form labryinths in which we lose and find then lose ourselves again. They are hours where anything is possible, good or bad.”
― Bernhard Schlink, The Reader

“Publication is a marathon, not a sprint. Writing the book is only the start.”
― Jo Linsdell

“The more we have known of the really good things, the more insipid the thin lemonade of later literature becomes, sometimes almost to the point of making us sick. Do you know a work of literature written in the last, say, fifteen years that you think has any lasting quality? I don't. It is partly idle chatter, partly propaganda, partly self-pitying sentimentality, but there is no insight, no ideas, no clarity, no substance and almost always the language is bad and constrained. On this subject I am quite consciously a laudator temporis acti.”
― Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison

“Current "literature" [is] well-written books in which disgusting people do disgusting things to other disgusting people for no apparent reason and with no apparent resolution.”
― Roberta Gellis

“Inconveniently, books are all the pages in them, not just the ones you choose to read.”
― Don Paterson, The Book of Shadows

“Vanity's contribution to Fiction in general was an abundance of cheap labour and the occasional blockbuster, which was accepted into Fiction with an apologetic 'gosh, don't know how that happened'.”
― Jasper Fforde, One of Our Thursdays Is Missing

“It would actually constitute more than a miracle, he realised. It would take divine intervention plus luck, plus some unknown element of cosmic wizardry.”
― David Baldacci, The Whole Truth

“I've been very influenced by folklore, fairy tales, and folk ballads, so I love all the classic works based on these things -- like George Macdonald's 19th century fairy stories, the fairy poetry of W.B. Yeats, and Sylvia Townsend Warner's splendid book The Kingdoms of Elfin. (I think that particular book of hers wasn't published until the 1970s, not long before her death, but she was an English writer popular in the middle decades of the 20th century.)

I'm also a big Pre-Raphaelite fan, so I love William Morris' early fantasy novels.

Oh, and "Lud-in-the-Mist" by Hope Mirrlees (Neil Gaiman is a big fan of that one too), and I could go on and on but I won't!”
― Terri Windling

“Books do not per­ish like hu­mankind. Of course we com­mon­ly see them bro­ken in the hab­er­dash­er's shop when on­ly a few months be­fore they lay bound on the sta­tion­er's stall; these are not true works, but mere trash and new­fan­gle­ness for the vul­gar. There are thou­sands of such gew­gaws and toys which peo­ple have in their cham­bers, or which they keep up­on their shelves, be­liev­ing that they are pre­cious things, when they are the mere pass­ing fol­lies of the pass­ing time and of no more val­ue than pa­pers gath­ered up from some dunghill or raked by chance out of the ken­nel. True books are filled with the pow­er of the un­der­stand­ing which is the in­her­itance of the ages: you may take up a book in time, but you read it in eter­ni­ty.”
― Peter Ackroyd, The House of Doctor Dee

“Give a man a hoe and he is something to exploit. Give him a book and he is something to fear.”
― Eric Burns, The Joy of Books

“His reading suggested a man swimming in the sea among the wreckage of his ship, and trying to save his life by greedily clutching first at one spar and then at another.”
― Anton Chekhov

“Purple Mike promises to be an intriguing read that will teach anyone who wants to know about the highs and lows of drug addiction. Purple Mike is a legal, natural high. Enjoy reading.”
― Sin Mils

“On to the library. And all through his time at the card catalog, combing the shelves, filling out the request cards, he danced a silent, flirtatious minuet of the eyes with a rosy-cheeked redhead in the biology section, pages of notes spread before her. All his life, he had had a yen for women in libraries. In a cerebral setting, the physical becomes irresistible. Also, he figured he was really more likely to meet a better or at least more compatible woman in a library than in a saloon. Ought to have singles libraries, with soups and salads, Bach and Mozart, Montaignes bound in morocco; place to sip, smoke, and seduce in a classical setting, noon to midnight. Chaucer's Salons, call them, franchise chain.”
― Stephen Minkin, A no doubt mad idea

“God be thanked for books! they are the voices of the distant and the dead, and make us heirs of the spiritual life of past ages.”
― W.E. Channing

“I love so many books and authors that it's hard to name just a few, but I'm always particularly excited when new books by Alice Hoffman, John Crowley, Joanne Harris, Elizabeth Knox, and Patricia McKillip come out. (And, of course, books by Ellen [Kushner], and Holly [Black], and the rest of the Bordertown crew!) I'm impatiently looking forward to Susanna Clarke's next book too.

Aside from writing and reading, my favorite things to do are paint, walk in the countryside with my dog, and listen to music -- especially when it's live and it's played by friends. Fortunately there's a lot of live music where I live.”
― Terri Windling

“more to be a human being with”
― Gary D. Schmidt

“In 1994, the average person spent $79 on books as compared to $56 on recorded music.”
― Richard L. Brandt

“If you want to reduce the rats, use the cats! If you want to reduce the fools, use the books!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“[...]No book can be really complete in this life; it has to end where the author's time and understanding end. There is always something left unsaid. I look forward to the life to come as the unending last chapter of all the good books I have ever read.”
― Kathryn Lindskoog, How to Grow a Young Reader

“جمع الكتب هو استحواذ، ومرض، وإدمان، وفتنة، وقدر. هو ليس بهواية. من يقوم بذلك فلأنه عليه القيام به. ومن لا يقوم بذلك، فيعتقد أنه شبيه بجمع الطوابع”
― Jeanette Winterson

“Хорошие книги начисто отбивают охоту к плохим.”
― Мэри Энн Шеффер & Энни Бэрроуз

“Het was een vergissing vanwege de juf, te denken dat alleen de dingen die in de boeken staan interessant zijn. Ook deze, die er nog niet in staan, zijn merkwaardig.”
― Louis Paul Boon

“In order to keep liking Nick (as opposed to loving him which was completely non-negotiable) Alice sometimes had to look at him obliquely or with her eyes half closed or through a pin hole on a piece of cardboard. Straight on would burn her retinas.”
― Carol Anshow

“Cartea a dovedit ce poate, și nu vedem un alt obiect mai bun pe care l-am putea crea pentru aceeași întrebuințare.”
― Umberto Eco, Non sperate di liberarvi dei libri

“Cultura e un cimitir de cărți și de alte obiecte dispărute pentru vecie.”
― Jean-Claude Carrière, Nu sperați că veți scăpa de cărți

“We can ignore reality, but we cannot ignore the consequences of ignoring reality.”
― Ayn Rand

“People talk about books that write themselves, and it's a lie. Books don't write themselves. It takes thought and research and backache and notes and more time and more work than you'd believe.”
― Neil Gaiman, Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions

“يظن الغمر أن الكتب تهدى ... ... أخاً فهم لإدراك العلوم
وما يدرى الجهول بأن فيها ... ... غوامض حيرت عقل الفهيم
إذا رمت العلوم بغير شيخ ... ... ضللت عن الصراط المستقيم
وتلتبس الأمور عليك حتى ... ... تصير أضل من 'توما الحكيم”
― أبو حيان التوحيدي

“A book is much more than a delivery vehicle for its contents.”
― Allison Hoover Bartlett, The Man Who Loved Books Too Much: The True Story of a Thief, a Detective, and a World of Literary Obsession

“You never forget the books you loved as a kid. You never forget the poems you memorized, the first book you read until the cover fell off, the book you read hidden from your mother. What an honor to hold hands with a child's imagination in this way.”
― Meg Medina

“Let the readers do some of the work themselves”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky

“He couldn't seem to get his teeth into anything. Except books. The things in books was darn near more real to him than the things breathing and eating.”
― Ken Kesey, Sometimes a Great Notion

“When you buy a jacket, it’s important the pockets are big enough for a paperback!”
― Daniel Pennac, Comme un roman

“Books can be immensely powerful. The ideas in them can change the way people think. Yet it was the Nazis and Stalin's officers who committed terrible crimes, and not Mein Kampf or the Communist Manifesto - and of course, the Manifesto contained many key ideas that are still relevant and important today, long after Stalin has gone. There is a crucial distinction between the book and its effect - it's crucial because if you talk about a book being harmful rather than its effect you begin to legitimise censorship. Abhorrent ideas need to be challenged by better ones, not banned.”
― John Farndon, Do You Think You're Clever?: The Oxbridge Questions

“The portraits, of more historical than artistic interest, had gone; and tapestry, full of the blue and bronze of peacocks, fell over the doors, and shut out all history and activity untouched with beauty and peace; and now when I looked at my Crevelli and pondered on the rose in the hand of the Virgin, wherein the form was so delicate and precise that it seemed more like a thought than a flower, or at the grey dawn and rapturous faces of my Francesca, I knew all a Christian's ecstasy without his slavery to rule and custom; when I pondered over the antique bronze gods and goddesses, which I had mortgaged my house to buy, I had all a pagan's delight in various beauty and without his terror at sleepless destiny and his labour with many sacrifices; and I had only to go to my bookshelf, where every book was bound in leather, stamped with intricate ornament, and of a carefully chosen colour: Shakespeare in the orange of the glory of the world, Dante in the dull red of his anger, Milton in the blue grey of his formal calm; and I could experience what I would of human passions without their bitterness and without satiety. I had gathered about me all gods because I believed in none, and experienced every pleasure because I gave myself to none, but held myself apart, individual, indissoluble, a mirror of polished steel: I looked in the triumph of this imagination at the birds of Hera, glowing in the firelight as though they were wrought of jewels; and to my mind, for which symbolism was a necessity, they seemed the doorkeepers of my world, shutting out all that was not of as affluent a beauty as their own; and for a moment I thought as I had thought in so many other moments, that it was possible to rob life of every bitterness except the bitterness of death; and then a thought which had followed this thought, time after time, filled me with a passionate sorrow.”
― W.B. Yeats, Rosa Alchemica

“...this blessing of loneliness was not really loneliness. Real loneliness was something unendurable. What one wanted when exhausted by the noise and impact of physical bodies was not no people but disembodied people; all those denizens of beloved books who could be taken to one's heart and put away again, in silence, and with no hurt feelings.”
― Elizabeth Goudge, The Scent of Water

“Write It, Work It, Publish”
― Cherry-Ann Carew, Whisper of Lies

“I generally give the title-page a fair chance," Roger said. "Once can't always judge books merely by the cover.”
― Charles Williams, Shadows of Ecstasy

“My depth of purse is not so great
Nor yet my bibliophilic greed,
That merely buying doth elate:
The books I buy I like to read:
Still e'en when dawdling in a mead,
Beneath a cloudless summer sky,
By bank of Thames, or Tyne, or Tweed,
The books I read — I like to buy.”
― A. Edward Newton, The Amenities of Book Collecting and Kindred Affections

“It's a symbiotic process, writing. What I am makes the books—not part of me, all of me—and then the books themselves inform the sense of what I am. So the more I can be, the better the books will be.”
― Jeanette Winterson

“Pienso que en la vida de cada uno de nosotros existe un libro similar, que de pequeños no nos limitamos simplemente a leer, sino que inspeccionamos y rebuscamos en cada uno de sus rincones como si de una habitación se tratara. Un libro así, rebuscado como una habitación, escrutado o interrogado como una cara en cada rasgo y arruga, nunca podremos juzgarlo como se juzga un libro, porque para nosotros ha abandonado la zona de los libros y ha pasado a vivir a la zona de la memoria y de los afectos.”
― Natalia Ginzburg

“نحن لا يمكن أن نجبر فناناً على أن يعمل بخلاف ما تمليه عليه طبيعته وإلا كنا نجبره على التصنع والتكلف، وهذا شر لا يمكن أن يؤذي الأدب والفن، والمسألة في غاية البساطة مع ذلك، فإذا كنا نتيح للفنان حريته كاملة، فنحن أيضاً أحرار في تقييمنا للأعمال الفنية، فلا نمنح تقديرنا إلا لمن يقدم لنا العمل الفني الكامل، وهو العمل الفني الرفيع فنياً النافع إنسانياً واجتماعياً”
― توفيق الحكيم, ملامح داخلية

“A book a week I heave a sigh;
That Slogan's peremptory cry
I will not hear, I will not heed.
How can They say that I should need
The book They bid me weekly buy?

But Slogans change, as days go by;
My Psyche listens, fluttering shy,
To newer message "Come and Read
A book a week."

To read! to read! O wings that fly
O'er sun-kissed lands, through clouded sky
That bear us on where Great ones lead!
I too must follow, so I plead
For magic wings. I'll read (or try)
A book a week!”
― Alexander Ireland, The Book-Lovers Enchiridion: Thoughts On The Solace And Companionship Of Books

“Books are like a mirror. If an ass looks in, you can't expect an angel to look out.”
― B.C. Forbes

“…secondhand bookstores have pilgrims. The words out of print are a call to arms for those who seek a Holy Grail made of paper and ink.”
― Kathleen Tessaro, Elegance

“It would be curious to discover who it is to whom one writes in a diary. Possibly to some mysterious personification of one's own identity.”
― Beatrice Webb

“Initiative is doing the right thing without being told.”
― Victor Hugo

“Reading a book is something you do to yourself.”
― Last Man Standing

“Brrr, who had never admired books particularly...didn't remember that a mere book might reek of sex, possibility, fecundity. Yet a book has a ripe furrow and a yielding spine, he thought, and the nuances to be teased from its pages are nearly infinite in their variety and coquettish appeal. And what new life can emerge from a book. Any book, maybe.”
― Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men

“I asked her what a true story was because I thought that all stories were made up. She said a true story was called fact, and a made-up story was called ficton. Auntie May said a made-up story is a bit like telling lies, only the people who read them knew that already and so it didn’t matter”
― Rebecca Lloyd

“Read him slowly, dear girl, you must read Kipling slowly. Watch carefully where the commas fall so you can discover the natural pauses. He is a writer who used pen and ink. He looked up from the page a lot, I believe, stared through his window and listened to birds, as most writers who are alone do. Some do not know the names of birds, though he did. Your eye is too quick and North American. Think about the speed of his pen. What an appalling, barnacled old first paragraph it is otherwise.”
― Michael Ondaatje

“No matter how many compromises were made along the way, no matter what happens in the future, a book is a thing to behold.”
― Betsy Lerner, The Forest for the Trees

“Oscar was raised to believe that if he stayed in his room reading about made up worlds it meant he didn't appreciate the life he had, the possessions his parents had worked hard for, like the TV and the video and the newly turfed back garden.”
― Benjamin Wood, The Bellwether Revivals

“Somewhere there must be women reading books,
and talking of chicken rissoles to their cooks …

(from,‘Somewhere in England’)”
― Virginia Graham, Consider the Years

“She fancied herself superiour to her surroundings: surely there were higher things to live for. Yet the ugliness of this room was but a part of what she felt to be the dreariness of all life outside of books.”
― Helen Dawes Brown, Two College Girls

“Books don't change people; paragraphs do, Sometimes even sentences.”
― John Piper, A Godward Life: Savoring the Supremacy of God in All of Life

“It has always been a happy thought to me that the creek runs on all night, new every minute, whether I wish it or know it or care, as a closed book on a shelf continues to whisper to itself its own inexhaustible tale. So many things have been shown so to me on these banks, so much light has illumined me by reflection here where the water comes down, that I can hardly believe that this grace never flags, that the pouring from ever-renewable sources is endless, impartial, and free.”
― Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek

“Afterwards, in bed with a book, the spell of television feels remote compared to the journey into the page. To be in a book. To slip into the crease where two pages meet, to live in the place where your eyes alight upon the words to ignite a world of smoke and peril, colour and serene delight. That is a journey no one can end with the change of a channel. Enduring magic.”
― Ann-Marie MacDonald, The Way the Crow Flies

“Every age has its own outlook. It is specially good at seeing certain truths and specially liable to make certain mistakes. We all, therefore, need the books that will correct the characteristic mistake of our own period. And that means the old books.”
― C.S. Lewis

“It's time for bed. And here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to get in bed, and I don't have anyone to sleep with now, so what I do is I sleep with my books. And I know that's kind of weird and solitary and pathetic. But if you think about it, it's very cozy. Over a period of four, five, six, seven, nine, twenty nights of sleeping, you've taken all these books to bed with you, and you fall asleep, and the books are there.
***
Some of the books are thick, and some are thin, some of the books are in hardcover and some in paperback. Sometimes they get rolled up with the pillows and the blankets. And I never make the bed. So it's like a stew of books. The bed is the liquid medium. It's a Campbell's Chunky Soup of books. The bed you eat with a fork.”
― Nicholson Baker

“In this way, I was able to place my own concerns aside and curl myself up in the cocoon of somebody else's imagination. My life was suspended - I was in neither one place nor the other.”
― Kate Kerrigan, Ellis Island

“That was the trouble with moving houses; no matter how carefully you packed the books, they never ended up on the new shelves in quite the right place.”
― Val McDermid, The Torment of Others

“In the end Navidson is left with one page and one match. For a long time he waits in darkness and cold, postponing this final bit of illumination. At last though, he grips the match by the neck and after locating the friction strip sparks to life a final ball of light.

First, he reads a few lines by match light and then as the heat bites his fingertips he applies the flame to the page. Here then is one end: a final act of reading, a final act of consumption. And as the fire rapidly devours the paper, Navidson's eyes frantically sweep down over the text, keeping just ahead of the necessary immolation, until as he reaches the last few words, flames lick around his hands, ash peels off into the surrounding emptiness, and then as the fire retreats, dimming, its light suddenly spent, the book is gone leaving nothing behind but invisible traces already dismantled in the dark.”
― Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves

“Good books get praised, bad books get praised. Good books get ignored, bad books get ignored”
― Vikram Seth

“When a goat likes a book, the whole book is gone,
and the meaning has to go find an author again.

- The Trouble With Reading”
― William Stafford

“Having to amuse myself during those earlier years, I read voraciously and widely. Mythic matter and folklore made up much of that reading—retellings of the old stories (Mallory, White, Briggs), anecdotal collections and historical investigations of the stories' backgrounds—and then I stumbled upon the Tolkien books which took me back to Lord Dunsany, William Morris, James Branch Cabell, E.R. Eddison, Mervyn Peake and the like. I was in heaven when Lin Carter began the Unicorn imprint for Ballantine and scoured the other publishers for similar good finds, delighting when I discovered someone like Thomas Burnett Swann, who still remains a favourite.

This was before there was such a thing as a fantasy genre, when you'd be lucky to have one fantasy book published in a month, little say the hundreds per year we have now. I also found myself reading Robert E. Howard (the Cormac and Bran mac Morn books were my favourites), Lovecraft, Clark Ashton Smith and finally started reading science fiction after coming across Andre Norton's Huon of the Horn. That book wasn't sf, but when I went to read more by her, I discovered everything else was. So I tried a few and that led me to Clifford Simak, Roger Zelazny and any number of other fine sf writers.

These days my reading tastes remain eclectic, as you might know if you've been following my monthly book review column in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction. I'm as likely to read Basil Johnston as Stephen King, Jeanette Winterson as Harlan Ellison, Barbara Kingsolver as Patricia McKillip, Andrew Vachss as Parke Godwin—in short, my criteria is that the book must be good; what publisher's slot it fits into makes absolutely no difference to me.”
― Charles de Lint

“There is nothing more wonderful than a book. It may be a message to us from the dead, from human souls we never saw who lived perhaps thousands of miles away, and yet these little sheets of paper speak to us, arouse us, teach us, open our hearts and in turn open their hearts to us like brothers. Without books, God is silent, justice dormant, philosophy lame.”
― Charles Kingsley

“Everyone’s talking about the death and disappearance of the book as a format and an object. I don’t think that will happen. I think whatever happens, we have to figure out a way to protect our imaginations. Stories and poetry do that. You need a language in this world. People want words, they want to hear their situation in language, and find a way to talk about it. It allows you to find a language to talk about your own pain.

If you give kids a language, they can use it. I think that’s what these educators fear. If you really educate these kids, they aren’t going to punch you in the face, they are going to challenge you with your own language.”
― Jeanette Winterson

“ندوخ حين لا تتوازن صور الحياة مع ما نقرؤه في الكتب...

ومذ تعلمنا القراءة اختلف العالم
فأيهما كاذب يا ترى!!”
― لبابة محمد زهير أبوصالح, أنثى الجدار

“Years ago, when I was about to go on a book tour for Someplace to Be Flying, my editor at the time Terri Windling and I sat down to figure out what to call what I was writing for the interviews that were to come. Terri came up with the term mythic fiction and I think that sums it up perfectly. There are almost invariably mythic elements in my fiction (as well as bits of folk and faerie lore) and the term doesn’t lock me into writing only in an urban setting since many of my stories take place in rural areas. It never caught on, but when I don’t describe what I do as simply fiction, I’ll go with mythic fiction.”
― Charles de Lint

“Learn as much as you can. Take every opportunity to learn about writing, whether it’s through classes, workshops, whatever is available to you. This may be difficult, because things like classes, workshops, writing programs, require time and money. But I say this honestly and somewhat harshly – if you’re not willing to prioritize your writing, perhaps you should do something else?”
― Theodora Goss

“In fiction, I exercise my nosiness. I am as curious as my cats, and indeed that has led to trouble often enough and used up several of my nine lives. I am an avid listener. I am fascinated by other people's lives, the choices they make and how that works out through time, what they have done and left undone, what they tell me and what they keep secret and silent, what they lie about and what they confess, what they are proud of and what shames them, what they hope for and what they fear. The source of my fiction is the desire to understand people and their choices through time.”
― Marge Piercy, Braided Lives

“Inexperience people think that books will lead the one of intellect to understanding. But the ignoramus doesn't know that in these books are ambiguos that will confuse even the most intelligent of people. If you try to learn this knowledge without a teacher you will go astray and affairs will become so confusing to you that you will be more astray than Toma*, the physician.

*توما الحكيم”
― Abū Hayyān al-Tawhīdī

“It takes a great reader to make a great book.”
― Orna Ross

“Sulphurous wind gusted in his wake; the dust of the street swirled and the folds of his black coat flapped against his thin body.”
― A.F. Stewart, Killers and Demons

“There are magic moments, involving great physical fatigue and intense motor excitement, that produce visions of people known in the past ("en me retraçant ces détails, j'en suis à me demander s'ils sont réels, ou bien si je les ai rêvés"). As I learned later from the delightful little book of the Abbé de Bucquoy, there are also visions of books as yet unwritten.”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“From books, I winnowed the glue that held together my psyche as it struggled to stay whole. It was from stories and myths that I learned to dream, to imagine a different life, to realize potentials and probabilities other than those of the painful, poverty-mired existence I found myself in as a child. With a book I could hide in a corner, safe from the heavy hand and belt of my stepfather, and for a while not worry about where our next meal would come from, or where we would be sleeping that night, or when my mother would break and have to be sent yet again to the mental institution. Books, for me, we tiny life rafts that I clung to desperately.”
― J. Don Cook, Shooting from the Hip: Photographs and Essays

“Why is it that if you say you don’t enjoy using an e-reader, or that you aren’t going to get one till the technology is mature, you get reported as “loathing” it?

The little Time article itself is fairly accurate about what I’ve said about e-reading, but the title of the series, “Famous Writers Who Loathe E-Books,” reflects or caters to a silly idea: that not being interested in using a particular technology is the same as hating and despising it.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin

“...we have, each of us, a story that is uniquely ours, a narrative arc that we can walk with purpose once we figure out what it is. It's the opposite to living our lives episodically, where each day is only tangentially connected to the next, where we are ourselves the only constants linking yesterday to tomorrow. There is nothing wrong with that, and I don't want to imply that there is by saying how much this shocked me -- just that it felt so suddenly, painfully right to think that I have tapped into my Long Tale, that I have set my feet on the path I want to walk the rest of my life, and that it is a path of stories and writing and that no matter how many oceans I cross or how transient I feel in any given place, I am still on my Tale's Road, because having tapped it, having found it, the following is inevitable....”
― Amal El-Mohtar

“Ruang perpustakaan tidak pernah cukup untuk menyimpan buku yang tidak pernah dibaca, jadi pustakawan memeriksa catatannya setiap saat dan menarik buku-buku yang tidak lagi dibaca orang.

Kau bisa menyelamatkan buku hanya dengan membacanya. Tentu saja, kau mungkin tidak menyukainya. Tapi kau tidak pernah tahu sampai kau mencobanya, dan mungkin, kau akan suka.”
― Megan Whalen Turner, The Thief

“Life is wonderful and strange...and it’s also absolutely mundane and tiresome. It’s hilarious and it’s deadening. It’s a big, screwed-up morass of beauty and change and fear and all our lives we oscillate between awe and tedium. I think stories are the place to explore that inherent weirdness; that movement from the fantastic to the prosaic that is life....

What interests me—and interests me totally—is how we as living human beings can balance the brief, warm, intensely complicated fingersnap of our lives against the colossal, indifferent, and desolate scales of the universe. Earth is four-and-a-half billion years old. Rocks in your backyard are moving if you could only stand still enough to watch. You get hernias because, eons ago, you used to be a fish. So how in the world are we supposed to measure our lives—which involve things like opening birthday cards, stepping on our kids’ LEGOs, and buying toilet paper at Safeway—against the absolutely incomprehensible vastness of the universe?

How? We stare into the fire. We turn to friends, bartenders, lovers, priests, drug-dealers, painters, writers. Isn’t that why we seek each other out, why people go to churches and temples, why we read books? So that we can find out if life occasionally sets other people trembling, too?”
― Anthony Doerr

“I would look at the first chapter of any new novel as a final test of its merits. If there was a murdered man under the sofa in the first chapter, I read the story. If there was no murdered man under the sofa in the first chapter, I dismissed the story as tea-table twaddle, which it often really was.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“Sin libros, Dios está silencioso, la justicia dormida, las ciencias naturales paradas, la filosofía coja, las letras mudas y todas las cosas envueltas como unas heladas tinieblas".
De libros legendis”
― T. Bartholin

“[…] marginile unei cărţi nu sunt niciodată clar şi riguros trasate: dincolo de titlu, de primele rânduri şi de punctul final, mai presus de configuraţia sa internă şi de forma care îi conferă autonomie, ea se află prinsă într-un sistem de trimiteri la alte cărţi, la alte texte, la alte fraze: este un nod într-o reţea.”
― Michel Foucault, The Archaeology of Knowledge & The Discourse on Language

“Mad! Quite mad!' said Stalky to the visitors, as one exhibiting strange beasts. 'Beetle reads an ass called Brownin', and M'Turk reads an ass called Ruskin; and-'
'Ruskin isn't an ass,' said M'Turk. 'He's almost as good as the Opium-Eater. He says we're "children of noble races, trained by surrounding art." That means me, and the way I decorated the study when you two badgers would have stuck up brackets and Christmas cards. Child of a noble race, trained by surrounding art, stop reading or I'll shove a pilchard down your neck!”
― Rudyard Kipling, The Complete Stalky and Co.

“Denn ich ohne Bücher bin nicht ich.”
― Christa Wolf, Lesen Und Schreiben: Neue Sammlung: Essays, Aufsatze, Reden

“Cada vez que un libro cambia de manos, cada vez que alguien desliza la mirada por sus páginas, su espíritu crece y se hace fuerte. (Sempere)”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“The approach to digital culture I abhor would indeed turn all the world's books into one book, just as Kevin (Kelly) suggested. It might start to happen in the next decade or so. Google and other companies are scanning library books into the cloud in a massive Manhattan Project of cultural digitization. What happens next is what's important. If the books in the cloud are accessed via user interfaces that encourage mashups of fragments that obscure the context and authorship of each fragment, there will be only one book. This is what happens today with a lot of content; often you don't know where a quoted fragment from a news story came from, who wrote a comment, or who shot a video. A continuation of the present trend will make us like various medieval religious empires, or like North Korea, a society with a single book.

The Bible can serve as a prototypical example. Like Wikipedia, the Bible's authorship was shared, largely anonymous, and cumulative, and the obscurity of the individual authors served to create an oracle-like ambience for the document as "the literal word of God." If we take a non-metaphysical view of the Bible, it serves as a link to our ancestors, a window. The ethereal, digital replacement technology for the printing press happens to have come of age in a time when the unfortunate ideology I'm criticizing dominates technological culture. Authorship - the very idea of the individual point of view - is not a priority of the new ideology. The digital flattening of expression into a global mush is not presently enforced from the top down, as it is in the case of a North Korean printing press. Instead, the design of software builds the ideology into those actions that are the easiest to perform on the software designs that are becoming ubiquitous. It is true that by using these tools, individuals can author books or blogs or whatever, but people are encouraged by the economics of free content, crowd dynamics, and lord aggregators to serve up fragments instead of considered whole expressions or arguments. The efforts of authors are appreciated in a manner that erases the boundaries between them.

The one collective book will absolutely not be the same thing as the library of books by individuals it is bankrupting. Some believe it will be better; others, including me, believe it will be disastrously worse. As the famous line goes from Inherit the Wind: 'The Bible is a book... but it is not the only book' Any singular, exclusive book, even the collective one accumulating in the cloud, will become a cruel book if it is the only one available.”
― Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget

“We are very fond of books. You can learn nearly everything from them that rabbits can't teach you.”
― Alan Snow, Here Be Monsters!

“[Women] complain about many clerks who attribute all sorts of faults to them and who compose works about them in rhyme, prose, and verse, criticizing their conduct in a variety of different ways. They then give these works as elementary textbooks to their young pupils at the beginning of their schooling, to provide them with exempla and received wisdom, so that they will remember this teaching when they come of age ... They accuse [women] of many ... serious vice[s] and are very critical of them, finding no excuse for them whatsoever.

This is the way clerks behave day and night, composing their verse now in French, now in Latin. And they base their opinions on goodness only knows which books, which are more mendacious than a drunk. Ovid, in a book he wrote called Cures for Love, says many evil things about women, and I think he was wrong to do this. He accuses them of gross immorality, of filthy, vile, and wicked behaviour. (I disagree with him that they have such vices and promise to champion them in the fight against anyone who would like to throw down the gauntlet ...) Thus, clerks have studied this book since their early childhood as their grammar primer and then teach it to others so that no man will undertake to love a woman.”
― Christine de Pizan, Der Sendbrief vom Liebesgott / The Letter of the God of Love

“Vengeful conquerors burn books as if the enemy's souls reside there, too.”
― James Gleick, The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood

“To literary critics a book is assumed to be guilty until it proves itself innocent.”
― Nelson Algren

“Books admitted me to their world open-handedly, as people for their most part, did not. The life I lived in books was one of ease and freedom, worldly wisdom, glitter, dash and style.”
― Jonathan Raban

“God bless ladies with costly, tasteful clothes and touching, dirty fingernails that champion gifted, foreign poets and decorate the library in beautiful, melancholy fashion! My God, this universe is nothing to snicker at!”
― J.D. Salinger, Hapworth 16, 1924

“They spent pork-barrel money like a tidal-wave sea, but no funds trickled down far enough to reach me. Our books numbered few and were falling apart, and I sat mending pages with a crestfallen heart.”
― David Davis, Librarian's Night Before Christmas

“It was not merely that his brother was dead. His brain, too young to realize the full paradox, wondered with an obscure self- pity why it was that the pulse of his brother's fear went on and on, when Francis was now where he had always been told there was no more terror and no more--darkness.”
― Graham Greene, The End of the Party

“I try to find the books that I lost or forgot more than 30 years ago on another continent, with the hope and dedication and bitterness of those who search for their first lost books, books that if found I wouldn't read anyway, because I've already read them over and over, but that I would look at and touch just as the miser strokes the coins under which he's buried...Books are like ghosts”
― Roberto Bolaño, Between Parentheses: Essays, Articles, and Speeches, 1998-2003

“He said that the principal function of music was to organize the details into harmonies that were intended to make us forget that there was randomness all around us. The same, he said, could be said for great books.”
― Seldon Edwards

“I was hungry when I left Pyongyang. I wasn't hungry just for a bookshop that sold books that weren't about Fat Man and Little Boy. I wasn't ravenous just for a newspaper that had no pictures of F.M. and L.B. I wasn't starving just for a TV program or a piece of music or theater or cinema that wasn't cultist and hero-worshiping. I was hungry. I got off the North Korean plane in Shenyang, one of the provincial capitals of Manchuria, and the airport buffet looked like a cornucopia. I fell on the food, only to find that I couldn't do it justice, because my stomach had shrunk. And as a foreign tourist in North Korea, under the care of vigilant minders who wanted me to see only the best, I had enjoyed the finest fare available.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays

“I think you’ve forgotten that this place holds a lot more than just
betraying Hobgoblins. Call upon the spirits, summon fairies, raise the
dead! My brother, you have the power to do so--now get off of your butt
and use it!”
― Richard Denney, The Immortalists

“Wo nehm ich nur all die Zeit her, so viel nicht zu lesen?”
― Karl Kraus, Dicta and Contradicta

“He rolled his eyes. "Fiction lies for the truth.”
― Kristine Grayson, Wickedly Charming

“If Fran Lebowitz and Ian Fleming had blessed the world with a love child it would have been author J. Fields Jr.”
― Edward Medina

“The acquisition of a book signalled not just the potential acquisition of knowledge but also something like the property rights to a piece of ground: the knowledge became a visitable place.”
― James Wood

“Women's fiction is just a marketing category, designed to appeal more to women than to men. But there are stories in that category that any human being would like.”
― Kristine Grayson, Wickedly Charming

“Ένα βιβλίο είναι μια ιστορία για το μυαλό. Ένα τραγούδι είναι μια ιστορία για την ψυχή.”
― Pio Eric

“The worn soles of Daffy's boots skidded on the icy stones. He'd been saving up for a new pair for Christmas, but then he'd come across an encyclopaedia in ten volumes, going cheap. Boots might last ten years, at best, but knowledge was eternal.”
― Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin

“Το πρώτο πράγμα που θα κάνω, όταν έχω χρήματα, είναι να αγοράσω ελληνικά βιβλία και κατόπιν θα αγοράσω ρούχα.”
― Erasmus

“Adieu, mon cher vieux. Relis et rebûche ton conte. Laisse-le reposer et reprends-le, les livres ne se font pas comme les enfants, mais comme les pyramides, avec un dessin prémédité, et en apportant des grands blocs l´un par-dessus l´autre, à force de reins, de temps et de sueur, et ça ne sert à rien! et ça reste dans le désert! mais en le dominant prodigieusement. Les chacals pissent au bas et les bourgeois montent dessus, etc.; continue la comparaison.”
― Gustave Flaubert

“Fiction is very, very important," he said, his voice is rising. "Storytelling is how people learn. You get people to understand new cultures and other lives through stories. Made-up stories. Fiction.”
― Kristine Grayson, Wickedly Charming

“Once more, he was immersing himself in books, reaching the end of long articles, even going back over paragraphs to make sure he'd grasped things. How much more satisfying it was than all that skimming, all that jumping around. At present, he was working his way, deliciously, through a book on Mendel, the father of genetics. A man who might not have spend seven years watching peas, if he'd had the internet.”
― Julie Highmore, The Message

“Παλιά ξύλα καίγε, παλιό κρασί πίνε, παλιούς φίλους κράτα, παλιά βιβλία διάβαζε.”
― Louis Aragon

“It is the mess that readers love. The fact that sometimes the people who love us the most aren't people we're related to, but people who join our family later. The book acknowledges how difficult family relationship are, and this fuss just proves it.”
― Kristine Grayson, Wickedly Charming

“the art of reading, it occupies your mind no matter at any situation or mood you're in..bringing you to completely different world, the enchanting world of the characters..giving you the best feeling after reading it..the art of writing, it shows who you are, what are your real passions, what you've been through..inviting other people to see and experience your own world..hoping they have the best feeling that you have when writing it. As much as the feeling you always have when you read the books you've read before..”
― Asrie Budiasriati

“Les livres ont les mêmes ennemis que l'homme : le feu, l'humide, les bêtes, le temps, et leur propre contenu.”
― Paul Valéry

“Ah, Sir, a novel is a mirror carried along a high road. At one moment it reflects to your vision the azure skies, at another the mire of the puddles at your feet. And the man who carries this mirror in his pack will be accused by you of being immoral! His mirror shews the mire, and you blame the mirror! Rather blame that high road upon which the puddle lies, still more the inspector of roads who allows the water to gather and the puddle to form.”
― Stendhal, The Red and the Black

“I have no fear of men, as such, nor of their books. I have mixed with them--one or two of them particularly-- almost as one of their own sex. I mean I have not felt about them as most women are taught to feel--to be on their guard against attacks on their virtue; for no average man-- no man short of a sensual savage--will molest a woman by day or night, at home or abroad, unless she invites him. Until she says by a look 'Come on' he is always afraid to, and if you never say it, or look it, he never comes.”
― Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure

“In an age when nations and individuals routinely exchange murder for murder, when the healing grace of authentic spirituality is usurped by the divisive politics of religious organizations, and when broken hearts bleed pain in darkness without the relief of compassion, the voice of an exceptional poet producing exceptional work is not something the world can afford to dismiss.”
― Aberjhani, The American Poet Who Went Home Again

“If time is precious, no book that will not improve by repeated readings deserves to be read at all.”
― Thomas Carlyle, Essays on Goethe

“[J]ust the sight of this book, even though it was of no authority, made me wonder how it happened that so many different men – and learned men among them – have been and are so inclined to express both in speaking and in their treatises and writings so many wicked insults about women and their behaviour. Not only one or two ... but, more generally, from the treatises of all philosophers and poets and from all the orators – it would take too long to mention their names – it seems that they all speak from one and the same mouth. Thinking deeply about these matters, I began to examine my character and conduct as a natural woman and, similarly, I considered other women whose company I frequently kept, princesses, great ladies, women of the middle and lower classes, who had graciously told me of their most private and intimate thoughts, hoping that I could judge impartially and in good conscience whether the testimony of so many notable men could be true. To the best of my knowledge, no matter how long I confronted or dissected the problem, I could not see or realise how their claims could be true when compared to the natural behaviour and character of women.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies

“I've never understood the desire for books with matched bindings. You don't go through life looking for sets of matched people, and books are just as individual.”
― Susan Lendroth

“There are a good many books, are there not, my boy?” said Mr. Brownlow, observing the curiosity with which Oliver surveyed the shelves that reached from the floor to the ceiling.

“A great number, sir,” replied Oliver; “I never saw so many.”

“You shall read them if you behave well,” said the old gentleman kindly; “and you will like that, better than looking at the outsides, - that is, in some cases, because there are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.”
― Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist

“Sometimes, when I couldn’t afford to pay the utility bill at the end of the month, I was forced to read by the light of the stories themselves.”
― Steve Stern

“Perhaps the perusal of such works may, without injustice, be compared with the use of opiates, baneful, when habitually and constantly resorted to, but of most blessed power in those moments of pain and of langour, when the whole head is sore, and the whole heart sick. If those who rail indiscriminately at this species of composition, were to consider the quantity of actual pleasure it produces, and the much greater proportion of real sorrow and distress which it alleviates, their philanthropy ought to moderate their critical pride, or religious intolerance.”
― Walter Scott

“It is untrue that fiction is nonutilitarian. The uses of fiction are synonymous with the uses of literature. They include refreshment, clarification of life, self-awareness, expansion of our range of experiences, and enlargement of our sense of understanding and discovery, perception, intensification, expression, beauty , and understanding. Like literature generally, fiction is a form of discovery, perception, intensification, expression, beauty, and understanding. If it is all these things, the question of whether it is a legitimate use of time should not even arise.”
― Leland Ryken, Realms of Gold: The Classics in Christian Perspective

“Hugh Laurie (playing Mr. Palmer) felt the line 'Don't palm all your abuses [of language upon me]' was possibly too rude. 'It's in the book,' I said. He didn't hit me.”
― Emma Thompson, The Sense and Sensibility Screenplay and Diaries: Bringing Jane Austen's Novel to Film

“It's the best way of telling the truth; it's a process of producing grand, beautiful, well-ordered lies that tell more truth than any assemblage of facts. Beyond that … [it's] delight in, and play with, language; also, a curiously intimate way of communicating with people whom you will never meet.”
― Julian Barnes

“Their conversation ceased abruptly with the entry of an oddly-shaped man whose body resembled a certain vegetable. He was a thickset fellow with calloused and jaundiced skin and a patch of brown hair, a frizzy upheaval. We will call him Bell Pepper. Bell Pepper sidled up beside The Drippy Man and looked at the grilled cheese in his hand. The Drippy Man, a bit uncomfortable at the heaviness of the gaze, politely apologized and asked Bell Pepper if he would like one.

“Why is one of your legs fatter than the other?” asked Bell Pepper.

The Drippy Man realized Bell Pepper was not looking at his sandwich but towards the inconsistency of his leg sizes.

“You always get your kicks pointing out defects?” retorted The Drippy Man.

“Just curious. Never seen anything like it before.”

“I was raised not to feel shame and hide my legs in baggy pants.”

“So you flaunt your deformity by wearing short shorts?”

“Like you flaunt your pockmarks by not wearing a mask?”

Bell Pepper backed away, kicking wide the screen door, making an exit to a porch over hanging a dune of sand that curved into a jagged upward jab of rock.

“He is quite sensitive,” commented The Dry Advisor.

“Who is he?”

“A fellow who once manipulated the money in your wallet but now curses the fellow who does.”
― Jeff Phillips, Turban Tan

“There had been a computer he had also built himself on the farthest corner of the room, but he had sold that a couple of months ago to buy me a necklace. I wore it then, it was two silver hearts linked as one. That’s what he and I were, we we’re one.”
― Natalie Valdes, Pinky Promise?

“Lügen schmerzen, die Wahrheit jedoch bewegt uns.”
― Cody McFadyen, The Darker Side

“Archie Henderson has won no awards, written no books and never played any representative sport. He was an under-11 tournament-winning tennis player as a boy, but left the game when he discovered rugby where he was one of the worst flyhalves he can remember. This did not prevent him from having opinions on most things in sport.

His moment of glory came in 1970 when he predicted—correctly as it turned out—that Griquas would beat the Blue Bulls (then still the meekly named Noord-Transvaal) in the Currie Cup final. It is something for which he has never been forgiven by the powers-that-be at Loftus. Archie has played cricket in South Africa and India and gave the bowling term military medium a new and more pacifist interpretation. His greatest ambition was to score a century on Llandudno beach before the tide came in.”
― Archie Henderson

“All souls can earn IMMORTALITY.
The Creators have IMMORTALITY.
The Creators are the' ONLY' ONES'
To award IMMORTALITY...

FROM MY BOOK: War between Souls over First Universe Justice Awaits”
― Tiffany Thompson

“An acquaintanceship with the literature of the world may be won by any person who will devote half an hour a day to the careful reading of the best books. The habit of reading good books is one that gives great comfort in all the stages and among all the vicissitudes of life. The man who has learned to love good reading is never alone. His friends are the great ones of human history, and to them he may always go for stimulating and helpful communion. --GQ 71 (GQ is A Guide for Quorums of the Melchizedek Priesthood, 3rd Edition, 1930)”
― John A. Widtsoe, Priesthood and Church Government

“Father is a school manqué ... He always wanted to write books. But he became rich instead, so is not allowed.”
― Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio

“[A]ll who are smitten with the love of books think cheaply of the world and wealth; as Jerome says to Vigilantius: The same man cannot love both gold and books... The hideousness of vice is greatly reprobated in books, so that he who loves to commune with books is lead to detest all manner of vice. The demon, who derives his name from knowledge, is most effectually defeated by the knowledge of books, and through books his multitudinous deceits and the endless labyrinths of his guile are laid bare to those who read...”
― Richard de Bury

“...la alegría infantil de sumergirse en una conversación inesperada con un completo desconocido para descubrirse, horas después -y bajo toneladas hipercalóricas de "¿leíste a tal?". "¡Sí! ¿Y leíste a tal?". "¡Sí! ¿Y leíste a tal?"-, pensando que ése, sí, es el comienzo de una gran amistad.”
― Leila Guerriero

“I don't write romance. Read it? Yes. Write it? No.”
― Cypher Lx

“Even in the hottest fire there's a bit of water. my The Opposite Of Magic.”
― Ivan Stoikov - Allan Bard

“Perhaps a book becomes a classic in proportion to how broadly its characters can be scavenged, how many readers find within it something they experience as desirable or even intimately necessary.”
― Janna Malamud Smith

“Write what you know best. If you can't survive a cross-examination from a lawyer on the subject, you won't survive an interview with a journalist or anchorperson." Linda Radke, President of Five Star Publications.”
― Linda F. Radke

“Books are not seldom talismans and spells.”
― William Cowper, The Task and Other Poems

“My plan is to continue teaching many more years than the 32 years I've already enjoyed and continue writing, and promoting my books and websites if it's God will.”
― Ana Monnar

“Lanciò un'occhiata all'amico che leggeva la lettera e vide i libri sul tavolo. Nei suoi occhi apparvero nostalgia e avidità, come l'avidità appare negli occhi dell'affamato alla vista del cibo.”
― Jack London, Martin Eden

“One can fight money only with money! from my Tale Of The Rock Pieces.”
― Ivan Stoikov - Allan Bard

“... la alegría infantil de sumergirse en una conversación inesperada con un completo desconocido para descubrirse, horas después -y bajo toneladas hipercalóricas de "¿leíste a tal?". "¡Sí! ¿Y leíste a tal?". "¡Sí! ¿Y leíste a tal?"-, pensando que ése, sí, es el comienzo de una gran amistad.”
― Leila Guerriero

“Unoka went into an inner room and soon returned with a small wooden disc containing a kola nut, some alligator pepper and a lump of white chalk.

"I have kola," he announced when he sat down, and passed the disc over to his guest.

"Thank you. He who brings kola brings life. But I think you ought to break it," replied Okoye passing back the disc.

"No, it is for you, I think," and they argued like this for a few moments before Unoka accepted the honor of breaking the kola. Okoye, meanwhile, took the lump of chalk, drew some lines on the floor, and then painted his big toe.”
― Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart

“No book is really worth reading at the age of 10 which is not equally worth reading at the age of 50.”
― Gladys Hunt, Honey for a Child's Heart: The Imaginative Use of Books in Family Life

“My books are a word feast.”
― Lori R. Lopez

“And if our book consumption remains as low as it has been, at least let us admit that it is because reading is a less exciting pastime than going to the dogs, the pictures or the pub, and not because books, whether bought or borrowed, are too expensive.”
― George Orwell

“Os livros mudam o destino das pessoas”
― Carlos María Domínguez, The House of Paper

“Without books, God is silent, justice dormant, natural science at a stand, philosophy lame, letters dumb, and all things involved in darkness.”
― Thomas Bartholin

“Spray a book with insect spray, drop it in a bag, add some mothballs and seal it. Put it in another bag and seal it. Another. The packages piled up on the floor, each a book sealed in four plastic envelopes.”
― Larry Niven, Lucifer's Hammer

“In books I meet the dead as if they were alive,
in books I see what is yet to come...
All things decay and pass with time...
all fame would fall victim to oblivion
if God had not given mortal men the book to aid them.”
― Richard De Bury Translated by E.C.Thomas

“Books whose topics I thoroughy depsise are accapteble because they often force the reader to think and to examine his own beliefs. In an age where most people are either blindly obedient or radical, exposing oneself to the ideas contained in even the most controversial of books is a good thing.”
― Tiffini Johnson, The Character

“that the grace of fable stirs the mind"...and..."that the perusal of excellent books is, as it were, to interview with the noblest men of past ages”
― Descartes

“Art, he said, was a controlled madness...He said that books weren't made of themes, which you could write essays about, but of images that inserted themselves into your brain and replaced what you were seeing with your eyes.”
― Steven Millhauser, Dangerous Laughter

“If you grew up in a rural area, you have seen how farmhouses come and go, but the dent left by cellars is permanent. There is something unbreakable in that hand-dug foundational gouge into the earth. Books are the cellars of civilization: when cultures crumble away, their books remain out of sheer stupid solidity.”
― Paul Collins, Sixpence House: Lost in a Town of Books

“The title of the work, its place in the collective library, the nature of the person who tells us about it, the atmosphere established in the written or spoken exhange, among many other instances, offer alternatives to the book itself that allow us to talk about ourselves without dwelling upon the work too closely.”
― Pierre Bayard, How to Talk About Books You Haven't Read

“Systematisches Lesen ist kaum von Nutzen. Offizielle Bücherlisten (der Klassiker, der Literaturgeschichte, der zensurierten oder empfohlenen Bücher, der Bibliothekskataloge) können per Zufall den einen oder anderen nützlichen Hinweis geben. Die beste Anleitung bieten persönliche Launen – das Vertrauen auf das Lustprinzip und der Glaube an den Zufall -, die uns manchmal in einen provisorischen Zustand der Gnade versetzen, uns ermöglichen, Gold aus Flachs zu spinnen.”
― Alberto Manguel, Into the Looking-Glass Wood: Essays on Books, Reading, and the World

“Xas sighed. "But I don't want to talk about God. Why do I? Sometimes I feel God is all over me like a pollen and I go about pollinating things with God."
Sobran opened his eyes and Xas smiled at him. Soban said, "I did think that you talked about God to persuade me you weren't evil. But I've decided that, for you, everything is somehow to the glory of God, whether you like it or not."
"I feel that, yes. My imagination was first formed in God's glory. But I think God didn't make the world, so I think my feelings are mistaken."
This was the heresy for which Xas was thrown out of Heaven. Sobran was happy it had finally appeared. It was like a clearing. Sobran could almost see this clearing - a silent, sunny, green space into which not a thing was falling, not even the call of a cuckoo. Xas thought the world was like this, an empty clearing into which God had wandered.”
― Elizabeth Knox, The Vintner's Luck

“You know how dey say some people “devour” books? Not in da way ME do! Me REALLY devour books!”
― Mike Pantuso

“O livro que espalma a flor nas suas págimas transforma-a em borboleta.”
― Ramón Gómez de la Serna

“Desire overwhelmed me once she had gone. But it was not a desire for Homer. I had to return to the library. I could already smell the books' muskiness and in my mind turned over pages with as many differing textures as a forest; pages that were brittle and fragile which had to be coaxed to turn; pages that were soft and scented, presenting their words as if the were a gift in the palm of a hand, and pages that fell open heavily of their own accord as if weighted by the importance of their message. But more than anything else I was compelled by their mystery, by all the stories they had yet to tell me.
'I have to go to the library, Homer. I have to be with the books.”
― Christine Aziz

“I recall once seeing a commentary advertised as having been written in prison without recourse to other commentaries and by reliance on the Holy Spirit alone. I doubt whether those last two phrases are complementary. If God has set teachers in the church (1 Cor. 12:28; Eph. 4:11) and many have written books, can good come out of ignoring them, let along parading that ignorance as glorifying God? God's work is never a one-man show. The one who represents the visible part of the iceberg must ever ackowledge his or her debt to others. I like to remember that the First Epistle to the Corinthians was from Paul and Sosthenes (1 Cor. 1:1) and that the Epistle to the Colossians was from Paul and Timothy.”
― Leslie Allen, 1, 2 Chronicles

“Each of them is a book through which other books dream. (referring to Nodier's SMARRA and TRILBY)”
― John Clute

“His novel or book of poems, decent, adequate, arises not from an exercise of style or will, as the poor unfortunate believes, but as the result of an exercise of concealment. There must be many books, many lovely pines, to shield from hungry eyes the book that really matters, the wretched cave of our misfortune, the magic flower of winter!”
― Roberto Bolaño, 2666

“Living your life is a long and doggy business. . . . And stories and books help. Some help you with the living itself. Some help you just take a break. The best do both at the same time.”
― Anne Fine, Goggle-Eyes

“There is no literature anymore, there are just single books that arrive in bookstores, just as letters, newspapers, advertising pamphlets arrive in mailboxes.”
― Tonu Onnepalu, Border State

“If any accolades come in the writing of this story, all praise will be His, all Glory will rightly go to Him. If He will allow me to share some part in this, I am truly humbled.”
― Lynn Dove, Shoot the Wounded

“I've received two key pieces of advice in regard to my books. The first is, "You should lay off the f-bombs." The other is, "You should add more f-bombs.”
― LINCOLN PARK

“Are there not books that can make us live more in one single hour than life can make us live in a score of shameful years?”
― Oscar Wilde, Intentions

“Thank God for books; let them be your friends and companions through life—for information, for recreation, but above all for inspiration.”
― Arthur E. Bostwick, A Librarian's Open Shelf - Essays on Various Subjects

“Itself a product of the great extension of intellectual activity to classes in which it was formerly bounded by narrow limits, the library is bound to widen those limits wherever they can be stretched, and every movement of them reacts to help it. Surely advertisement on its part is an evangel—a bearing of good intellectual tidings into the darkness. We are spiritualistic mediums in the best sense—the bearers of authentic messages from all the good and great of past or present time; only with us, no turning on of the light, no publicity however glaring, will break the spell or do otherwise than aid, for whether we succeed or fail, whether we live or die, those messages, recorded as they are in books, will stand while humanity remains.”
― Arthur E. Bostwick, A Librarian's Open Shelf - Essays on Various Subjects

“Every wall was covered with shelves, packed tightly with books on every subject under the sun, and a few best unmentioned in polite company.”
― Simon R. Green, Drinking Midnight Wine

“Wie viele Bücher habe ich als Literaturkritiker rezensiert, deren Katastrophe dadurch hätte vermieden werden können, dass die Protagonisten über den Konflikt, der ihnen am Ende um die Ohren fliegt, einfach einmal gesprochen hätten. Erst wenn alles zu spät ist werden die Fragen gestellt, die immer schon hätten gestellt werden müssen und plötzlich wird alles licht und leicht, die Mauer des Schweigens ist gebrochen”
― Ijoma Mangold, Das deutsche Krokodil

“Our lives are woven together like these threads yet the beauty is fragile.”
― Suzy Davies, The Girl in The Red Cape

“The books in her shop
weren’t merely things. They were gifts wrapped in imagination, inspiration, excite
ment, pain, and heartache. Gifts given by thousands of writers. Gifts just waiting to
be opened.”
― Ellery Adams, The Secret, Book & Scone Society

“If you haven’t read hundreds of books, you’re functionally illiterate.”
― James Mattis

“You can't have too much dog in a book.”
― Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine

“You can't write personal notes on the margins of a Kindle, you can't erroneously spill coffee on its pages and reminisce about it years later, you can't get your favourite writer to sign your Kindle. A book isn't just words, it's a memory bank never in need of a charging port.”
― Nitya Prakash

“I want to be the parts of the book you underline.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Brush the dust off her covers and kiss her pages so well that she forgets all the time you've been ignoring her.”
― Nitya Prakash

“They cut the tree you talk to every day and the sad thing is you can't stop them from cutting many more.”
― Nitya Prakash

“I believe he hadn't read it. Because he doesn't read books. its one of the things that apparently endears him to his base.”
― Thom Hartmann

“A good book can either uplift your spirit, expand your knowledge, teach you a good thing, motivate you to do a good deed, leave a good impact for your whole life, widen your horizons, or simply be a good companion in your good days and bad days.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“In stories, you can find out all sorts of things. Did you know that in 1769 the English navigator Captain James Cook sighted Aotearoa (New Zealand)? He landed at Poverty Bay two days later.”
― Isaac du Toit, Passionately Curious

“Today's religions where once books for education, It's just that people eventually forgot to get the knowledge from the books and started to pray it”
― Dido Stargaze

“En cambio, los libros... Sigo creyendo que los libros sí que pueden salvarte.”
― Rebecca Makkai, The Borrower

“Don't be a person who seeks out grief. There is enough of that in this life." …
I thought that it was more likely the opposite. I must have shut grief out. Found it in books. Cried over fiction instead of truth. The truth was unconfined, unadorned... the truth was vast enough to drown in.”
― Nina LaCour, We Are Okay

“They belonged to that very small class of persons who still read, who have mind and leisure to find companionship in books.”
― George Gissing, The Crown of Life

“...For much of my life I loved books more than God, never discovering for a long, long time that a God who spoke the world into existence with words is, in fact, the source of meaning of all words. My journey toward that discovery is the story of this book. I thought my love of books was taking me away from God, but as it turns out, books were the backwoods path to God, bramble-filled and broken, yes, but full of truth and wonder.”
― karen swallow prior, Booked: Literature in the Soul of Me

“For someone who is hungry for the wisdom of the past, the smell of books in a bibliopole is more beautiful than the smell of the world's finest dishes!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Motherly love flowed over her features, like a gentle light illuminating a hidden path”
― Suzy Davies, The Girl in The Red Cape

“I am swimming with sharks and I am prepared to become one of them.”
― Eoin Colfer

“In the study she nodded to my husband, turned completely around once, and then remarked that we seemed to be making no practical use of the space in our house. “This room would be much larger,” she said, “if you took out all those books.”
Mrs. Ferrier thought the master bedroom should have faced west, and she barely put her head inside the smaller bedrooms. “They would be much larger,” I told her, “if we took out the beds.”
Mrs. Ferrier fixed me with her cold eye. “If you took out the beds where would you sleep?” she wanted to know, and I followed her meekly downstairs.”
― Shirley Jackson, Raising Demons

“It was better to be alone miserable. It was better to drown.”
― Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe

“We ought to read mainly, not to know more, but to remind ourselves that we do not know much.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“It seemed to her at last that she would do well to take a book; formerly, when heavy-hearted, she had been able, with the help of some well-chosen volume, to transfer the seat of consciousness to the organ of pure reason.”
― Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady

“And I could read you far easily than I could the books in the library.”
― Avijeet Das

“If you don't know what to do with your life, you should start right where you're at... right now. Get involved in a local church. Start praying for people around you. Begin reading Scriptures and ask God to show you His purpose for your life. It may seem like a large task to begin, but just look at life as picking up one piece after another until you start to see something brand new.”
― Sunshine Rodgers, God The Father Jesus The Big Brother Holy Spirit The Best Friend

“Sometimes you wake up.
Sometimes the fall kills you.
And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.”
― Neil Gaiman, Fables & Reflections

“You hold me like a favored book
Pressing my spine with your fingers
Leafing through my pages
Anticipating each phrase
You rest me on your knee
As you ponder their meaning
Feeling me weave
Lyrically through your soul
And when you return to me
You devour me from cover to cover”
― Collette O'Mahony, The Soul in Words: A collection of Poetry & Verse

“Hayat başkalarının hatalarını yüklenemeyecek kadar kısaydı. Herkes kendi hayatını yaşıyor ve bu hayatı yaşamanın bedelini ödüyordu. Acı olansa, insanın çoğu zaman tek bir hata için çok fazla bedel ödemek zorunda kalmasıydı. Aslına bakılırsa, insan tek bir hata için sürekli bedel ödeyip duruyordu. Kader, insanla olan alışverişinde alacak defterini hiçbir zaman kapatmıyordu.”
― Oscar Wilde, Dorian Gray'in Portresi

“A book is a very powerful tool. People hardly believe strangers but they mostly believe books written by strangers.”
― Armaan

“I live in two worlds. One is a world of books. I’ve been a resident of Faulkner’s Yoknapatowpha County, hunted the white whale aboard the Pequod, fought alongside Napoleon, sailed a raft with Huck and Jim, committed absurdities with Ignatius J. Reilly, rode a sad train with Anna Karenina, and strolled down Swann’s Way.”
― Rory Gilmore

“I clung to books and words because, unlike people, they’d never abandon me.”
― Ruta Sepetys, The Fountains of Silence

“He loved reading—loved taking a neglected book off the shelf and opening it, smelling its book smell, feeling the smooth pages under his fingers.”
― Sarah Prineas, The Lost Books: The Scroll of Kings

“I'm just thinking about marriage," I admit. "How do you know when you've found the right person?"


Lee looks up, as if thinking very seriously about my question. "I always felt that the right one will be an extension of you. What you like, they like. What you respect, they will respect. What you value, they will value. I always envisioned marriage to be a true partnership, where one lifts up the other so that everyone wins.”
― Sunshine Rodgers, The Ring Does Not Fit

“No Mr. West, it was not a choice
New children’s chapter book disputes the notion that 400 years of slavery was a result of “mental imprisonment”

Cleveland, OH, —.In the words of the great Stan Lee, “With great power, comes great responsibility.” When icons make erroneous statements, often they do so with out recognizing the long reaching effects their thoughtless statements may have. When Kanye West made his very controversial statements regarding slavery, describing it as a choice, an entire generation of young minds were watching and absorbing as inaccurate picture of history was painted for them and presented as fact. Author Michelle Person, former teacher, elementary school principal, and founder of Just Like Me Books (JLM) could not stand by and allow that fallacy to linger unchecked. Committed to promoting a love of reading and increasing literacy rates among high risk readers through an interactive platform that prominently features characters of color, JLM’s newest release Leaders of the Revolution tells the story of Toussaint L’Ouverture and the first successful slave uprising in the western world.

The third book in the Nathaniel English series, aimed at children ages 6-11, follows 5th grade Nathaniel as he searches for solutions to his present day problems by learning about important historical figures of the past. Thanks to his mother’s extensive at home library, Nathaniel is exposed to information that his teachers don’t share, helping him to develop a strong sense of self and determine his place in this world. Inspired by the actions of Toussaint, Nathaniel and his friends fight to make their voices heard on the timeless and ever important issue of school lunch. Leaders of the Revolution tells the story of the Haitian Revolution and the importance of standing up for what you believe in!“Michelle has her own unique voice and writing style that makes it feel fresh and exciting that children will easily relate to.” -Goodreads

Readers looking to laugh, learn, and diversify their libraries will find a lot to love here. Leaders of the Revolutioncan be found on Amazon.

###

If you would like more information about Just Like Me Books and their full catalog of products and services please call Michelle Person at 216.323.8951, or send an email to michelle@readjustlikeme.com.”
― Michelle Person

“How I long to feel the weight of a book in my hand. How I long to turn a page, and pass through the print as you'd pass through a door, into that world of wise and lofty spirits, of strange animals, of noble deeds and faraway cities. If only I could crawl into a book and stay there for the rest of my life.”
― Catherine Jinks, Pagan's Scribe

“Whereever a poet is born enduring
depends on the frailest of chances:
Who listened to your murmuring
over your little rubbish who let you be
who gave you the books
who let you know you were not
alone”
― Adrienne Rich, Your Native Land, Your Life

“When you buy a book at a reasonable price, you buy a new perspective on life, and such a new perspective is priceless because it can open many doors previously closed to you!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Once, books appealed to a few people, here, there, everywhere. They could afford to be different. The world was roomy. But then the world got full of eyes and elbows and mouths. Double, triple, quadruple population. Films and radios, magazines, books levelled down to a sort of paste pudding norm [...].

[...]

Nineteenth-century man with his horses, dogs, carts, slow motion. Then, in the twentieth century, speed up your camera. Books cut shorter. Condensations, Digests. Tabloids. Everything boils down to the gag, the snap ending.

[...]

Classics cut to fit fifteen-minute radio shows, then cut again to fill a two-minute book column, winding up at last as a ten- or twelve-line dictionary resume. I exaggerate, of course. The dictionaries were for reference. But many were those whose sole knowledge of Hamlet [...] was a one-page digest in a book that claimed: "now at least you can read all the classics; keep up with your neighbors". Do you see? Out of the nursery into the college and back to the nursery; there's your intellectual pattern for the past five centuries or more.

[...]

Speed up the film, Montag, quick. Click? Pic, Look, Eye, Now, Flick, Here, There, Swift, Pace, Up, Down, In, Out, Why, How, Who, What, Where, Eh? Uh! Bang! Smack! Wallop, Bing, Bong, Boom! Digest-digests, digest-digest-digests. Politics? One column, two sentences, a headline! Then, in mid-air, all vanishes! Whirl man's mind around about so fast under the pumping hands of publishers, exploiters, broadcasters, that the centrifuge flings off all unnecessary, time-wasting thought!

[...]

School is shortened, discipline relaxed, philosophies, histories, languages dropped, English and spelling gradually neglected, finally almost completely ignored. Life is immediate, the job counts, pleasure lies all about after work. Why learn anything save pressing buttons, pulling switches, fitting nuts and bolts?

[...]

The zipper displaces the button and a man lacks just that much time to think while dressing at dawn, a philosophical hour, and thus a melancholy hour.

[...]

Life becomes one big pratfall, Montag; everything bang, boff, and wow!”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Ketika ujian dan derita hidup menjadi cambuk, kau akan berlari melesat bagai kuda mencapai garis finish dari perjuanganmu yang sesungguhnya.”
― Ira Diana, Lisa San No Machigatta Koi

“When feelings run deep, and impulses high, it helps to have calm, secure places to retreat to.”
― Isabella Koldras

“لطالما كانت الكتب تُشكِّل مدخلًا رائعًا للحديث..”
― Jonas Lüscher, Frühling der Barbaren

“A book half read was a bother. Like a toothache. It niggled.”
― Sarah Prineas, The Lost Books: The Scroll of Kings

“The long term health problems that high altitude exposures cause are far more wide ranging than what the current generation of books document.”
― Steven Magee

“In fact, this is not a book about sex or sexual relations; rather, men's and women's participation in HCMC's sex industry involves much more than the purchase of sex.”
― Kimberly Kay Hoang, Dealing in Desire: Asian Ascendancy, Western Decline, and the Hidden Currencies of Global Sex Work

“I’ve been thinking of a poet who is dying in New York,
how these days she reads her beloved Dante,
perhaps looking for something to frame
what is happening to her.
And whom, I wonder, do I turn to?
Whom in this century do I read
as if my life depended upon it?”
― Joseph Stroud, Everything That Rises

“I've been doing this for 50 years now and instead of retiring I'm busier than ever, though perhaps not as fast at getting things done. It's all terrifically interesting and very satisfying.”
― Lynley Dodd

“I LEAVE
poetry
IN
LIBRARY
BOOKS.”
― Frank Warren, PostSecret: Extraordinary Confessions from Ordinary Lives

“Reading a book is like taking a walk through an unknown country.”
― Long Litt Woon, The Way Through the Woods: overcoming grief through nature

“Danny spent most of his time at the museum or in his room with the door locked, lost in books he consumed like a flame eating air, trying to stay alight.”
― Leigh Bardugo, Ninth House

“This is what you learn to see, when you sit alone in a forbidden place, reading faster than you can turn the pages You learn how very strange and lovely the world is and can be. How there is always more to find out, how there is nothing new under the sun - and that you are not alone, not really, not ever, with a book.”
― Ella Risbridger, Midnight Chicken: & Other Recipes Worth Living For

“Books were a reminder that the whole world wasn't a bleak tapestry of violence, and while she might never see anything beautiful again, at least she could read about kinder things. It was easier to breathe between the pages of a book.”
― Jennifer Gruenke, Of Silver and Shadow

“But what did it mean to find me, a slave, dreaming about those books?”
― Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Water Dancer

“I samo istnienie dzieci w szkole wydawało mu się bezsensowne – uczyć je z takim wysiłkiem, zmagać się z ich spontaniczną pustotą, ślepnąć od poprawiania klasówek, głuchnąć od ich wrzasków, siwieć od wszechobecnego kredowego pyłu, żeby potem one dorosły i poszły znowu zabijać się na kolejnej wojnie. Albo pić wódę w czasach pokoju i płodzić sobie podobnych. A on je uczył Wergiliusza. Nic z tego nie rozumieli, wiedział o tym. Tłukł z nimi proste łacińskie frazy, które w ich ustach zamieniały się po prostu w obce słowa. Znaczenie wysypywało się z nich jak mak z pękniętej torebki i wpadało w nurty cuchnącej, kolorowej rzeczki, która uparcie płynęła przez miasto. Nikt w promieniu stu kilometrów nie rozumiał Wergiliusza, nikt do niego nie tęsknił. Do niczego nie był potrzebny. Wokół żyli ludzie, których książki nie odkryły, którzy zawsze mając przed sobą ich stos, a w nim Platona, Ajschylosa, Kanta, znajdowali w nim jakimś cudem "Poradnik grzybiarza" albo "Sto przepisów na potrawy z ziemniaków".”
― Olga Tokarczuk, House of Day, House of Night

“I always liked dearly to hear what he had to say about either pictures or books; because without pretending to be a connoisseur, he always spoke his thought, and that was sure to be fresh:”
― Charlotte Brontë, Villette

“The contents of someone's bookcase are part of their history, like an ancestral portrait.”
― Umberto Eco

“All thinking people are in constant need of more books.”
― Tasha Alexander, In the Shadow of Vesuvius

“Jedes vom Schicksal festgelegte aufeinander treffen ist wie ein Buch, es hat eine Einleitung und ein Schlusskapitel, einen Gruß und einen Abschied.”
― Sabrina Schultes, Staubmädchen

“I didn't write just one book, I wrote twenty books with the same title and published the last one.”
― Josh Steimle

“I wish I could take credit for my writing, but the credit goes to my mother. She taught me to love reading, and without a love of reading I could not write.”
― Josh Steimle

“Every new minute we're alive is a miracle.”
― Adam Silvera, They Both Die at the End

“A book is an interpretation," she says. "You want a place to be like it was in the book but it's not a place in a book it's just words. The place in your imagination is where you want to go and that place is imaginary. This is real.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Starless Sea

“In films, we are voyeurs, but in novels, we have the experience of being someone else: knowing another person’s soul from the inside. No other art form does that. And this is why sometimes, when we put down a book, we find ourselves slightly altered as human beings. Novels change us from within.”
― Donna Tartt

“It is a great pity to read a book too soon in life.”
― Winston Churchill

“Read, sweet, how others strove,
Till we are stouter;
What they renounced,
Till we are less afraid;
How many times they bore
The faithful witness,
Till we are helped,
As if a kingdom cared!

Read then of faith
That shone above the fagot;
Clear strains of hymn
The river could not drown;
Brave names of men
And celestial women,
Passed out of record
Into renown!”
― Emily Dickinson, The Collected Poems of Emily Dickinson

“We were very much a reading family, but we were a borrow-a-book-from-the-library family more than a bookshelves-full-of-books family. My parents valued books, but the grew up in the Depression, aware of the quicksilver nature of money, and they learned the hard way that you shouldn't buy what you could borrow. Because of that frugality, or perhaps independent of it, they also believed that you read a book for the experience of reading it.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“We were very much a reading family, but we were a borrow-a-book-from-the-library family more than a bookshelves-full-of-books family. My parents valued books, but they grew up in the Depression, aware of the quicksilver nature of money, and they learned the hard way that you shouldn't buy what you could borrow. Because of that frugality, or perhaps independent of it, they also believed that you read a book for the experience of reading it.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“Tell me," Big Angel said. "Did I do anything good in your life?"

"You gave me the books." It was instantaneous.

"Yes. All the books--that was pretty good. I gave you good ones."

"And bad ones."

"True. But all books are good, man. Imagine no books.”
― Luis Alberto Urrea, The House of Broken Angels

“At the time, the library's fire prevention consisted of smoke detectors and handheld fire extinguishers. There were no sprinklers. The American Library Association, known informally as the ALA, always advised against sprinklers, because water damage was even worse for books than fire damage.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“Overnight, the city managed to procure thousands of cardboard boxes, fifteen hundred hard hats, a few thousand rolls of packing tape, and the services of Eric Lundquist, a mechanical engineer and former popcorn distributor who had reinvented himself as a expert in drying out wet things. The notion of putting the books in with groceries didn't faze Lundquist, since he'd freeze-dried his first salvaged books alongside a summer's worth of peas and carrots from his garden.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“With Lundquist directing, the volunteers worked for the next three days around the clock. Most were strangers to each other, drawn together unexpectedly, and worked together for hours, diligently and peacefully. The formed a human chain, passing the books hand over hand from one person the the next, through the smoky building and out the door. It was as if, in the urgent moment, the people of Los Angeles formed a living library. They created, for that short time, a system to protect and pass along shared knowledge, to save what we know for each other, which is what libraries do everyday.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“With Lundquist directing, the volunteers worked for the next three days around the clock. Most were strangers to each other, drawn together unexpectedly, and worked together for hours, diligently and peacefully. The formed a human chain, passing the books hand over hand from one person the the next, through the smoky building and out the door. It was as if, in this urgent moment, the people of Los Angeles formed a living library. They created, for that short time, a system to protect and pass along shared knowledge, to save what we know for each other, which is what libraries do everyday.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“pregnant belly of
sunlight, bouncing
over an open book”
― Bremer Acosta

“A house that has books has hope.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Books don't have bulbs in them,
But the light they give out, brightens up even the darkest souls!”
― Azhar Ali Shar

“Publishing short quotes surpassed the fame of being an author of books.”
― Steven Magee

“There’s a great mystery in that cemetery, even deeper than the painful or tragic events that populated it. Inside its stone walls are the citizens of my town: they built the stores and mapped out the roads, put up electric lights, founded the hospital, and organized the public library. A few probably lived in my home at one time. They have made my life possible in more ways than I can count, yet we are entire strangers. . . .

I do not take these silent neighbors for granted either. Sometimes, when all of the library staff have gone home, the lights are off, and I’m working alone at my desk, I think about them . . . . But most of the time, my feeling is more sadness than fear. It is hard to think about people who have lived full and eventful lives, only to end up as a faded name on a monument; it is even harder to realize that this will eventually happen to me and to all the people I love. My library shelves are full of forgotten books written by unknown people. It is an amazing fact, one that I sometimes contemplate with awe, that all of these books are connections with people now on the other side of mystery, surviving only as a name on a tattered binding. That’s one reason why I sometimes pause and say their names out loud, just to give the universe a chance to hear an old and beloved combination of words one more time. (pp. 100-101)”
― Margaret Bendroth, The Spiritual Practice of Remembering

“i hope i sell some books soonest”
― stephen o'shea

“Bücher sind Bäume, die träumen.”
― Matt Haig, Father Christmas and Me

“Was I a whore? Hell, no. I was a typical woman who was sexually in tune with her body, one who enjoyed everything about sex and exploring the human body.'

An Unforgettable Summer featured in Summer Romances”
― Sarah Stein, Summer Romances

“For the past two years, I had coasted along these waters and each year ended the same. With me returning alone.”
― Sarah Stein, The Dark Truth

“And long gone are the days when a paperback meant a Penguin, pure and simple, let alone when a paperback publisher could confidently market a product with no image at all on the cover - just the title and the author's name, emphatically lettered. Beautiful.”
― Penelope Lively, Dancing Fish and Ammonites: A Memoir

“You know," Loki said, toeing a volume that had tumbled from the pile. "You'd have more room if you kept fewer books."
Theo hung his cane on the edge of the grate beside the small fire place and began to stoke the ashes. "I'd rather have books than space.”
― Mackenzi Lee, Loki: Where Mischief Lies

“It’s terrible, … for us to have been so scared to be seen with books we have every right to read.”
― Nancy Garden, Annie on My Mind

“As soon as I saw the bookshelves through the store windows, I felt lighter. Just thinking about the smell inside. Paper, compressed nature, and hands making words, a must of knowing and magic. Periods. Commas. Digressions. Analogies. The beauty of everyday thought turned poetry. It was all there, and I was hit with a little sliver of peace in the chaos of my brain.”
― Dave Connis, Suggested Reading

“What we do, before and after we read, is our choice. And that choice is freedom.”
― Dave Connis, Suggested Reading

“Tom lived by the sea. In a small blue house that was from another time. It was squeaky and drafty and held one of my favorite places in the entire world: a big old chair by a front window and a fireplace, from which could be seen a view of the North Sea while one lounged, under a quilt preferably, and read book after book.”
― Paige Shelton, The Cracked Spine

“Bookstores are wondrous places, are they not?”
― Higasa Akai, The Royal Tutor, Vol. 2

“Wouldn't you like to have comrades?' But she would not like that. She wanted only to rest and to read her old, rain-swollen books, turning the pages carefully, so carefully.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless

“Read much ”
― Mohammed Zaki Ansari, Zaki's Save Me

“Read much, surfing less, traveling more, traveling is the only thing which gives us a real experience of the beauty of different cultures of the world.and gives us the sense to understand different peoples societies and their values
Don't let social sites control your life, but keep everything under your control especially social sites. This is a real fake world which exists in our real world”
― Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"

“And there are always those who would watch Alexandria burn.
There always have been. There always will be.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Starless Sea

“There was an abyss. And books contained magical incantations to raise what was hidden there, all the great mysteries.”
― Stephen King, The Institute

“The problem is, we bring ourselves to the pages. Our whole selves. Every single darkness. Every single light. Every single passion. Every single hurt. We read with all the layers that make us who we are acting as filters. We read with all that our eyes have seen and all our hearts have felt since birth. With that much density making up humanity, it can't be up to us to make sure people don't misunderstand a book. And it can't be up to books to make sure people don't kill themselves or hate someone, or even love someone. Or even decide to be president. What we do, before and after we read, is our choice. And that choice is freedom.”
― Dave Connis, Suggested Reading

“I have been stuck in the business of books for so long, I forgot how much fun being a part of a story can be.”
― Kiersten White, The Dark Descent of Elizabeth Frankenstein

“Every book is a different hood, a different country, a different world. Reading is how I visit places and people and ideas. And when something rings true or if I still have a question, I outline it with a bright yellow highlighter so that it’s lit up in my mind, like a lightbulb or a torch leading the way to somewhere new.”
― Ibi Zoboi, Pride

“They would debate every subject under the infinite karoo sky, from the time the chameleons stalked the sun, to when the crickets began their nocturnal orchestra.”
― Bianca Bowers, Cape of Storms

“In her spare time, she looked to books or the stars for company.”
― Silvia Moreno-Garcia, Gods of Jade and Shadow

“All books are good,' he said...
'They weren't bad books,' Phin countered patiently. 'They were books that you didn't enjoy. It's not the same thing at all. The only bad books are books that are so badly written that no one will publish them. Any book that has been published is going to be a 'good book' for someone.'
I nodded. I couldn't fault his logic.”
― Lisa Jewell, The Family Upstairs

“And yet it is within the powers of a boring book to bore even the mind of God, as God well knows.”
― Selina Meyer, A Woman First: First Woman: A Memoir

“Books, on the other hand … you borrow from a library until you find the book you love, and then you keep it. The library won’t let you borrow more books until you return it, but you never return it because you’ll never need any other book”
― Eden Finley, Blindsided

“I told myself that as long as there were books I could be sure of being happy.”
― Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter

“The lamp fell right on the pile of books that had been knocked from the table all in a heap, lying open. The oil spilled out, the fire immediately seized a fragile parchment, which blazed up like a bundle of dry twigs. Everything happened in a few moments, as for centuries those ancient pages had been yearning for arson and were rejoicing in the sudden satisfaction of an immemorial thirst for ecpyrosis.”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“I have always found that making allowances for a liberal amount of fiction in one’s life is necessary to maintaining equanimity. How else does one escape, even for a short time, from the drudgery that everyday life affords?”
― Maria Grace, Longbourn: Dragon Entail: A Pride and Prejudice Variation

“Books turn out to be pretty durable if they're kept away from damp and rats. They can last hundreds of years, easy. Reading is another way we survive. It helps to know where we came from, how we got here. And most of all, for me, even thought these low and empty islands are all I have ever known, when I open the front cover of a new book, it's like a door, and I can travel far away in place and time.”
― C. A. Fletcher

“I cannot BELIEVE the nerve of some people, dog-earing the pages of the books! Do they think they OWN the books? I think you should give a bookmark to every single person who checks out a book. I mean it. THEY ARE RUINING EVERYTHING! I will help make the bookmarks if that's what it takes.”
― Gina Sheridan, I Work at a Public Library: A Collection of Crazy Stories from the Stacks

“Come tender as the trees
forgiving the books
for asking to be made.”
― Andrea Gibson, Lord of the Butterflies

“Your library is a reflection of your ideal self”
― Guy Campion Charlton

“The problem is, we bring ourselves to the pages. Our whole selves. Every single darkness. Every single light. Every single passion. Every single hurt. We read with all the layers that make us who we are acting as filters. We read with all that our eyes have seen and all our hearts have felt since birth. With that much density making up humanity, it can't be up to us to make sure people don't misunderstand a book. And it can't be up to books to make sure people don't kill themselves or hate someone, or even love someone. Or even decide to be president. What we do, before and after we read, is our choice. And that choice is freedom.”
― Mike Connis

“If I were a Dr., I’d prescribe books. They can be just as powerful as drugs.”
― Shane Parrish

“I, for one, never can have too many books; nor can my books cover too many subjects. I may never read them all, but they are always there, and I never know what strange coast I am going to pick up at any time in sailing the world of knowledge.”
― Jack London

“Just now I'm not so grateful to be living.
My ears and eyes are buried in my book,
Because I dare not look, I dare not look.”
― Christopher Hassall, Crisis

“The lonely fill up their lives with books. I don’t live in nature. I don’t live in culture. I don’t live in my relationships. I live in books. What good can all the books of the world be, penned by the loneliest men who ever lived?”
― Sheila Heti, Motherhood

“Elk boek, elke band die je ziet, is bezield. Bezield door degene die het schreef, bezield door degenen die het lazen en doorleefden en ervan droomden. Telkens als een boek in andere handen overgaat, telkens als iemand zijn blik over de bladzijden laat gaan, groeit zijn geest en wordt sterk.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“A newspaper man I know, who was stationed in London during the war, says tourists go to England with preconceived notions, so they always find exactly what they go looking for. I told him I’d go looking for the England of English literature, and he said: “Then it’s there.”
― Helene Hanff, 84, Charing Cross Road

“Because there was an abyss. And books contained magical incantations to raise what was hidden there, all the great mysteries. For Luke, those mysteries mattered. Someday in the future, he might write books of his own. But here the only future was Back Half. Here, the future of existence was, 'What good would it do?”
― Stephen King, The Institute

“One of the curious aspects of my invisible friend was they would assist me in writing books.”
― Steven Magee

“I know of no pleasure like that of books, yet I read very little. Books are the entryway to dreams, but people at ease in life don’t need such introductions to enter into conversation with dreams. I could never read a book and give myself over to it; always, with each step, the commentary of my intellect or my imagination interrupts the narrative sequence. After some minutes I am the one who writes and the writing is nowhere to be seen.”
― Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet: The Complete Edition

“Write responsibly.”
― Aly Zigada

“What if a villain exists in all of us?”
― Aly Zigada

“Read fiction to open your mind to greater possibilities and read non-fiction to learn the constraints of dreams and the facts that might guide you to attain one.”
― Carmine Savastano

“Reading a novel, he supposes, is like playing a game where all the choices have been made for you ahead of time by someone who is much better at this particular game. (Though he sometimes wishes choose-your-own-adventure novels would come back into fashion.)”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Starless Sea

“In some real life situations there is something of the Fairy Tale. Sometimes, we forget, that magic is there for the making, and the makers are ourselves. Sometimes, it is our enemies who spur us on. For a challenge is nothing without striving. We admire a hero who earns good fortune, who strives to be a better person, who acts in the interests of others against dark forces that would bring them down. In Fairy Tales, the ultimate winners are good and true.”
― Suzy Davies

“Books can teach you many nice comebacks.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Daniel and the Dragon Book

“But he spends so much time in front of screens he has a near-compulsive need to let his eyeballs rest on paper.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Starless Sea

“Some people see a bookshop as an archive, or a shrine, or even a time machine. But I think a bookshop is like a map of the world. There are infinite paths you can take through it and none of them are right or wrong. Here in a bookshop we give readers landmarks to help them find their way, but every reader has to learn to set their own compass.”
― Anna James, Tilly and the Bookwanderers

“Just as I’m all the ages I have been, I’m all the readers I have been.”
― Anne Bogel, I'd Rather Be Reading: The Delights and Dilemmas of the Reading Life

“Reading is perhaps the greatest pleasure you will have in life; the one you will think of longest, and repent of least.”
― William Hazlitt

“Sherman Alexie: Reading centers on finding yourself in a book.”
― Anita Silvey

“This special, one-of-a-kind key: the unique mix of books and stories that he would choose to read. Different from everyone else on the planet. His blanks to fill in. His Once Upon a Time.”
― Kristin O'Donnell Tubb, The Story Collector

“Nick Clark: Books are so important in conveying messages to children. We may not fully appreciate the impact of a book until we are older, but there are things that we learn from our reading.”
― Anita Silvey, Everything I Need to Know I Learned from a Children's Book

“I've noticed one of the marks of a good piece - whether it be a book, film, #poem, song or other type of #story - is that you notice something new every time you revisit it.”
― Sandra Sealy, Chronicles Of A Seawoman: A Collection Of Poems

“From "The Girl In The Red Cape" by Suzy Davies, Illustrated by Michele Bourke, Coming Soon!

Mystical Sled Ride

Knik to Willow, the race is on,
across the Tundra, miles from home,
Girl in Red flies through the snow,
shimmering dreams of ice-rainbows.
Sinuous bodies seem to fly
like a wolf-pack going by!
How they thunder as they run
steaming fur, in icy sun.

Knik to Willow, the race is on,
across the Tundra, miles from home,
Girl in Red, how swift she speeds,
climbing mountains for the lead!
Snowy lakes, and frozen streams,
over land of Inuit dreams,
slippery trails on icy ground,
pelting paws thunder their sound!

Knik to Willow, the race is on,
across the Tundra, miles from home,
sunburst, golden, brief respite
in winter woods,
as day meets night.
Hear the music floating by,
Girl in Red soars to the sky!
Bodies, legs and lightest paws,
across the line to great applause!

Knik to Willow, now darkness falls,
see the mushers fight for all!
Persistence, courage, strength and care,
mushers see it through, and dare!
Running fast, but running late,
the world it watches, still awake.
The brightest lantern is their guide,
stars gaze down – no longer hide.

Knik to Willow, the race was on,
and now the sled dogs all are home;
meat is plenty for them all,
winners, losers, victors all.
When Northern Lights dance in the snow,
Girl in Red, just hear them go!
Howls pierce the air, like darts -
so fast they run, their beating hearts.

Suzy Davies”
― Suzy Davies

“She loves that writers make words their servants and bend them to their will.”
― Tade Thompson, The Murders of Molly Southbourne

“The pursuit of knowing was freedom to me, the right to declare your own curiosities and follow them through all manner of books.”
― Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me

“Judy Blume: Some books you never forget. Some characters become your friends for life.”
― Anita Silvey, Everything I Need to Know I Learned from a Children's Book

“During the school year, I practically lived in Dongguk’s modern, glass-walled library, with its stacks of tantalizing books and its high-speed Internet access. It became my playground, my dining room, and sometimes my bedroom. I liked the library best late at night, when there were fewer students around to distract me. When I needed a break, I took a walk out to a small garden that had a bench overlooking the city. I often bought a small coffee from a vending machine for a few cents and just sat there for a while, staring into the sea of lights that was metropolitan Seoul. Sometimes I wondered how there could be so many lights in this place when, just thirty-five miles north of here, a whole country was shrouded in darkness. Even in the small hours of the morning, the city was alive with flashing signs and blinking transmission towers and busy roadways with headlights traveling along like bright cells pumping through blood vessels. Everything was so connected, and yet so remote. I would wonder: Where is my place out there? Was I a North Korean or a South Korean? Was I neither?”
― Yeonmi Park, In Order to Live: A North Korean Girl's Journey to Freedom

“My taste for life is different. And,
it’s always been that way.”
― Jill Telford

“Books are cold," declared Arthur Merwyn. They "allow no questions, offer no explanations... They talk to us behind a screen. Their tone is lifeless and monotonous. They charm not our attention by mute significances of gesture and look.”
― Charles Brockden Brown, Wieland and Memoirs of Carwin the Biloquist

“Loneliness seeks out metaphors not just for definition but for the companionship of resonance, the promise of kinship in comparison.”
― Leslie Jamison, Make It Scream, Make It Burn

“All that can be done is for each one of us to invent our own ideal library of our classics; and I would say that one half of it should consist of books we have read and that have meant something for us, and the other half of books which we intend to read and which we suppose might mean something to us. We should also leave a section of empty spaces for surprises and chance discoveries.”
― Italo Calvino

“I like to read people rather than books.”
― Tripurari

“I only read books with words on the pages. I'm picky like that.”
― Alex G Zarate

“It isn't a book about Caravaggio or Quevedo, though Caravaggio and Quevedo are in the book, as are Cortés and Cuauhtémoc, and Galileo and Pius IV. Gigantic individuals facing off. All fucking, getting drunk, gambling in the void. Novels demolish monuments because all novels, even the most chaste, are a tiny bit pornographic.”
― Álvaro Enrigue, Sudden Death

“I sit opposite and look at the pile of books in front of him. Babel is one of the only places in the world that has real books anymore. My mother sends teams across the Glass, bringing back all they can find in the old world’s ruins and collecting them in Babel’s great library. Most of them already exist in our computer archives, but there’s nothing quite the same as sitting with a real book in your hands. Breathing in the ink and feeling all those wonderful lives beneath your fingertips. In between the pages, I’m an emperor. An adventurer. A warrior and a wanderer. In between the pages I’m not myself—and more myself than in any other place on earth.”
― Jay Kristoff, LIFEL1K3

“Ivy, It's just a book"
"No such thing as just a book”
― Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures

“… Becoming a reader is a change for the better. Trust me. No one has ever lost by becoming addicted to stories – to the lessons learned by those who possess enough courage to put pen to paper.”
― Ellery Adams, The Secret, Book & Scone Society

“Isana had never understood men who made it a point to put trophies of their hunts on the walls. Gaius's study, its walls lines with the carcasses of books he had torn open and devoured, reminded her of nothing so much as old Aldo's hunting lodge, back in the Calderon Valley, and she thought it only marginally less boastful.”
― Jim Butcher, Princeps' Fury

“The best aspect of my invisible friend was the help they gave me in writing books.”
― Steven Magee

“In the absence of real society, I made my own out of the imagined people Peter Flynt slid into my locker. They entered like corpses on a slab, but they came to life in my mind with each turn of the page.”
― Erin Bartels, The Words Between Us

“Books were made for healing and learning and growing and completely removing yourself from real life and plopping down into a fantasy world.”
― Nash Summers, A King in Wonderland

“How do you tell a dream from a nightmare? If it involves a book burning , it's probably a nightmare.”
― Rick Riordan, The Tyrant's Tomb

“There's only one way to run away from your own story, and that's to sneak into someone else's. I unwedged the leatherbound book from beneath my mattress and breathed in the ink-and-adventure smell of it. I walked through it into another world.”
― Alix E. Harrow, The Ten Thousand Doors of January

“the fact that you’ll never know what sort of person you might have been if you’d read different stuff”
― Lucy Ellmann, Ducks, Newburyport

“Nathaniel´s expression grew odd. "You like this place?"
"Of course I do. It has books in it.”
― Margaret Rogerson, Sorcery of Thorns

“I felt like a woman reading a mystery novel with every fourth line missing. There's really only one thing a person can do when they're hip-deep in a mystery novel: keep reading.”
― Alix E. Harrow, The Ten Thousand Doors of January

“I never saw my mother again, but I carried her with me always.”
― Laila Ibrahim, Paper Wife

“The very best authors are no longer with us; so only read books written by dead people.”
― Kevin Ansbro

“This is the type of love story that deals with real fucking problems. It's a story about forgiveness and unconditional love, and it shows how much a person can change, really change, if they try hard enough. It's the type of story that proves that anything is fucking possible when it comes to self-recovery. It shows that if you have someone to lean on, someone who loves you and doesn't give up on you, you can find your way out of the darkness. It shows that no matter what type of parents you had, or addictions you were faced with, you can overcome anything that stands in your way and become a better person. That's the type of story After is.”
― Anna Todd, After Ever Happy

“Reading remains one of the purest things I do.”
― Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist

“What if people don't like it? What if they don't even take the chance to read it, but they hate us for what's inside of it?”
― Anna Todd, After Ever Happy

“Hicks szemügyre vette a könyveket, amiket Maura begyűjtött a polcokról: Peter Straub, Clive Barker, Joe Hill.
- Ezek horrortörténetek! - kiáltott fel. - Hagyjuk, hogy az elítéltek ilyesmit olvassanak?
- Csak ezt olvassák, meg a romantikus regényeket, uram - jelentette ki Maura (...).”
― Stephen King, Sleeping Beauties

“I found out that, paradoxically, a book can be bigger than the internet. The very constraints of a book — its linearity, its lack of updates — are also its greatest strengths. I can be far more confident that each reader will have a roughly similar experience of a book, rather than spidering off in all directions as with hypertext. ....But with a book, I have the luxury of being able to take people through a sequence of chapters, letting ideas build on top of each other, developing a fuller argument. It’s a smaller space, but it can support bigger ideas.”
― john scalzi

“All books have magical properties.”
― Jaclyn Moriarty, The Extremely Inconvenient Adventures of Bronte Mettlestone

“A bad book about the love of God remains a bad book, even though it may be about the love of God. There are many who think that because they have written about God, they have written good books. Then men pick up these books and say: if the ones who say they believe in God cannot find anything better than this to say about it, their religion cannot be worth much.”
― Thomas Merton

“The strong relationship between humans and books relates to the role of the written word in the dissemination of knowledge, feeling, and experience over thousands of years [...] Our simultaneously emotional and spiritual relationship to the book is about how the book "speaks to us." It is a medium connecting us to other people both living and dead.”
― Anders Rydell, The Book Thieves: The Nazi Looting of Europe's Libraries and the Race to Return a Literary Inheritance

“Lost in a Quatrain - the state of being deep in thought, contemplative...”
― Adiela Akoo, Lost in a Quatrain: Poetry Anthology

“They were alive and they spoke to me! That is the simplest and most eloquent way in which I can refer to those authors who have remained with me over the years.”
― Henry Miller, The Books in My Life

“Books tend to react with one another, creating randomized magic with a mind of its own.”
― Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites

“The sun pressed down on his eyelids, a hot illumination that would soon make him feel drowsy. This must be the way blind people absorbed light into their heads: raising their faces to the sun, to Ra, god of the blind. Everyone needed real light, not just the artificial, thought-up light of the imagination.”
― Achmat Dangor, Bitter Fruit

“when it comes to books, timing is everything! the time to read each book is the moment you get it.”
― Marie Kondō, The Life-Changing Manga of Tidying Up: A Magical Story

“To find out what a story’s really about,’ the Librarian said, ‘You don’t ask the writer. You ask the reader.”
― Emily Winfield Martin

“There are certain readers for whom books exist in the moment of reading them, and later as memories of the read pages, but who feel that the physical incarnations of books are dispensable. Borges, for instance, was one of these. Those who never visited Borges’s modest flat imagined his library to be as vast as that of Babel. In fact, Borges kept only a few hundred books, and even these he used to give away as gifts to visitors. Occasionally, a certain volume had sentimental or superstitious value for him, but by and large what mattered to him were a few recalled lines, not the material object in which he had found them. For me, it has always been otherwise.”
― Alberto Manguel, Packing My Library: An Elegy and Ten Digressions

“We ought to recollect ... that a book consists, like man, from whom it draws its lineage, of a body and a soul.”
― William Ewart Gladstone, On Books and the Housing of Them

“I think one should never be too busy to teach those who are anxious to learn.”
― Penelope Fitzgerald, Human Voices

“Life is like an endless book. Each day is a new page and only death can bring the end to this little book of yours.”
― Mwanandeke Kindembo

“When I was a girl, I loved reading. An archaic pastime, I know; the index and download are faster, more efficient, offering superior retention and acquisition of knowledge.”
― Amal El-Mohtar, This Is How You Lose the Time War

“Authors. We write to pretend we're not crazy for talking to ourselves.”
― Richie Norton

“Goodhue wanted visitors to feel more than they were in a pretty building. He wanted them to feel they were part of a three-dimensional meditation on the power of human intellect and the potency of storytelling.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“Picture books build readers, Mr. Leon. Two missing books from our collection is like two missing bricks from a cathedral.”
― Kristin O'Donnell Tubb, The Story Collector

“[...] if there was something that gave more power than merely destroying the word, it was owning and controlling it. There was a power in books. Words could act as weapons, resounding long after the rumbling of artillery had stopped. They are weapons not only as propaganda, but also in the form of memories. Whoever owns the word has the power not only to interpret it, but also to write history.”
― Anders Rydell, The Book Thieves: The Nazi Looting of Europe's Libraries and the Race to Return a Literary Inheritance

“My father—who is a true scholar and not just a young lady with an ink pen and a series of things she has to say—puts it much better: “If we address stories as archaeological sites, and dust through their layers with meticulous care, we find at some level there is always a doorway. A dividing point between here and there, us and them, mundane and magical. It is at the moments when the doors open, when things flow between the worlds, that stories happen.”
― Alix E. Harrow, The Ten Thousand Doors of January

“So as technology continues to speed ahead, I continue to read slowly, knowing that I am respecting the author's work and the story's lasting power. And I read slowly to drown out the noise and remember those who came before me, who were probably the first people who finally learned to control fire and circled their new power of flame and light and heat. And I read slowly to remember the Selfish Giant, how he finally tore that wall down and let the children run free through his garden. And I read slowly to pay homage to my ancestors, who were not allowed to read at all. They, too, must have circled fires, speaking softly of their dreams, their hopes, their futures. Each time we read, write or tell a story, we step inside their circle, and it remains unbroken. And the power of story lives on.”
― Jacqueline Woodson

“That's what books do, Maddie used to say; they are a conversation, and introduce us to ourselves and others.”
― Katherine Reay, The Printed Letter Bookshop

“People were noisome, demanding, judgmental. Books gave everything and asked nothing more than to be taken care of.”
― Sam Sykes, Seven Blades in Black

“It's good to be reminded that the world is full of stories that are, potentially, at least as painful as yours.”
― Stephanie Butland, Lost For Words

“Self-help books help you to become a better version of your present self.”
― Deepak Kumar, Apple Juice For Success

“Paugh!" the troll scoffed. "Romance. Kissing and folly. Where's the story, where's the philosophy? I'm a troll, and even I can't rip a bodice. You should read real literature. The classics." He held up a book called Ye Olde Clubbe of Fisticuffs. "This is one of my favorites. It's all about, like, rejecting capitalism." He held up another, the spine as yet uncracked, called Alliance of Nincompoops. "Or this one, about a misunderstood genius. You should read it. I'd love to chat about what the true meaning of success is when we're living in a world that values looks instead of substance.”
― Delilah S. Dawson, Kill the Farm Boy

“these books are my good friends”
― Margaret Tarner

“Books were my broomstick. They allowed me to fly to other realms where anything was possible.”
― Pam Grossman, Waking the Witch: Reflections on Women, Magic, and Power

“But you say it “in-TREE-ging”, LJ, not “in-trig-you-ing”.’ I said it back to her, ‘In-TREE-ging.’ (Okay, this is a problem with books. But the only one.)”
― Stephanie Butland, Lost For Words

“Points of light. They make a map, or a pattern,or a constellation. Formless, intricate, infinitely complex, and lovely. And then, at once, they'll connect. They'll meet, and explode. Of course. That's the entire point. That's how the story works, the way each sentence and metaphor and reference feeds into the other to illuminate something important. That explosion of discovery, of understanding, is the most intoxicating moment there is. Emotional, intellectual, aesthetic. Just for a moment, a perfect moment, a small piece of the world makes perfect sense. And it's beautiful. It's a moment of pure joy, the kind that brings pleasure like pain.”
― H.G. Parry, The Unlikely Escape of Uriah Heep

“People are always asking that about books: What's it about? It sounds like a simple question, but it isn't. You could take all day to answer it if you really wanted to. And if the person asking the question really wanted to hear.”
― Meg McKinlay, Catch a falling star

“There are no second chances at life.”
― Timothy Peak, To Heaven and Back With Angels

“Women with clean houses do not have finished books.”
― JOY E HELD

“- a type I would never have met, only read about in books, for books were where you found life, without the effort of being in the real world.”
― Linda Grant, Upstairs at the Party

“Books can not teach you how to live life, It comes from experience.”
― Kalpesh Radadiya

“Look at all the books in this place. Every one of them is inside you. And you're inside them."

"Sweetheart. It's a public library, not my private library. It needs people."

"They got out of the habit is all."

"The world has changed."

"No, everybody needs a story, Miss Perkins. That's something that never, ever changes.”
― Jon Cohen, Harry's Trees

“Los libros no quieren ser leídos por cualquier persona, quiere ser leídos por las mejores personas, por eso buscan a sus lectores.”
― Juan Villoro, El libro salvaje

“A writer can create a more just world in books by shining a light on that injustice.”
― Yang Huang

“Heavenly interference may come. Our plans have been spotted. The prayers that Corporate are confiscating are too many, too forceful, too...authoritative. That means there are Jesus Followers in the area."
- Demon Pride (Hades ID: 00005)”
― Sunshine Rodgers, After You

“Digressions, incontestably, are the sunshine; they are the life, the soul of reading! - take them out of this book, for instance, - you might as well take the book along with them”
― Laurence Sterne, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman

“I'd recently finished reading a management tome which seemed to be aimed at psychopaths with no common sense (quite a dangerous combination).”
― Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine

“A Christmas without a book for a present is a disappointment.”
― Margareta Magnusson, The Gentle Art of Swedish Death Cleaning: How to Free Yourself and your Family from a Lifetime of Clutter

“these books are my good friends”
― Bram Stoker

“He flipped on a light and we were in his front room, which was warm and smelt of woodsmoke. Books, lamps, pot plants, books. Books everywhere.”
― Jo Baker, The Body Lies

“He snapped the notebook shut. "I know all of this must be very frightening for you, but try not to agitate yourself. Excitement will only worsen the inflammation."
She stared. "The--what?"
"The inflammation of your brain, Miss Scrivener," he explained patiently. "It is quite common among women who read novels." Before Elisabeth could think of a reply to think baffling remark, he called Hannah back into the room, who looked pinched with worry. "Please tell the Chancellor that I prescribe a strict period of bed rest for the patient," he said to her. "It is clear that this is a classic case of hysteria. Miss Scrivener should exert herself as little as possible. Once the swelling in her brain subsides, her mind may return to normal.”
― Margaret Rogerson, Sorcery of Thorns

“I am not a goddess. I was human once. Millions of years of evolution introduced genetic changes into our species. We found a way to traverse time, to manipulate it, to inverse it. Before the universe went into the reverse crunch, we left our physical bodies. …”
― Varun Sayal, Disciples of Trikaal

“Greatness belongs to those who dare to reach for it.”
― Coleen Innis, So You Say God Can't Give You Money

“I think fiction at its best can serve as a moment of induced bafflement that calls into question our usual relation to things and reminds us that our minds, as nice as they are, aren’t necessarily up to the task of living, and shouldn’t get cocky.”
― George Saunders

“More and more, I have no idea what I think of anything. It’s as if the world were this very strange beast under a big tarp. Writing is a way of poking at the tarp. You can watch what the beast does during the poking and maybe surmise something about the sort of beast it is, but you also don’t want to be too confident in your theories. I really like the fact that, these days, I can’t say what writing is for, what it’s supposed to do, or how it’s supposed to affect us. I just like doing it.”
― George Saunders

“Every voracious reader knows that there is no Dewey system for the Babel of the mind. You walk amid the labyrinthine stacks and ideas leap at you like dust bunnies drawn from the motes that cover a great many different books ready long ago.”
― Maria Popova, Figuring

“Books don't change lives... People change lives... Sometimes, if you're lucky, if you get the thing right, a book can say some important things and that's all fine and good... but a book is just an artifact... a thing that sits on a desk or a shelf... People make the real difference... People and love...”
― Adam Rapp, Decelerate Blue

“Orwell's vision of our terrible future was that world - the world in which books are banned or burned. Yet it is not the most terrifying world I can think of. I think instead of Huxley [...] I think of his Brave New World. His vision was the more terrible, especially now because it appears to be rapidly coming true, whereas the world of 1984 did not. What is Huxley's horrific vision? It is a world where there is no need for books to be banned, because no one can be bothered to read one.”
― Marcus Sedgwick, The Monsters We Deserve

“I really wish Kitty were more of a reader like Margot and me.”
― Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You

“Great writing is about packing a single thought into a handful of words so that your life can be enlarged by a boatload of growth. And if what you’re reading isn’t doing that for you, it’s just scribbling.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Mia madre non voleva che i libri cadessero nelle mie mani. Non aveva previsto che io potessi cadere nei libri, che mi infilassi dentro di loro per stare al sicuro.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“كلنا نعيش بأسماء غيرأسمائنا ونفوس غير نفوسنا ، كلنا نتظاهر وندعي ونصدق ادعاءاتنا، كلنا نعيش أشخاصاً لا نعرفهم”
― ريم بسيوني, أولاد الناس: ثلاثية المماليك

“To plan a book — or an escape — the first thing to know is what to exclude.”
― Italo Calvino, t zero

“Words can be preserved, experience cannot. And that's why humanity clings to its words.”
― Marty Rubin

“I slumped in my seat, pierced by sunlight magnified by the windshield glass.  What was I fighting?  Everything.  I was fighting where I was, who I was, where I was going.  I’ll be here now, I thought.  I’ll be here, not moving, going nowhere in gridlock on the Santa Monica Freeway.  My heartbeat slowed, my muscles relaxed, and my mind, which had been working hard to be elsewhere, focused on where I was, alongside accumulated debris piled against the concrete barrier: a pair of torn trousers, a doll without a head, and a single sneaker that had lost its laces.  The shoe had been run over until it was tire-black.

I got out of the Jeep and picked up the shoe.  It was just a running shoe, but I held it tenderly, examining it in one hand and then turning it over to examine it in the other.  I felt every wound as car after car had run over it, crushing its beauty, rending it into a vague semblance of charcoal canvas.”
― James Victor Jordan, The Speed of Life: An Illustrated Novel

“Am I Penny?” I say. “From Sand on Our Beach? And Austin, and Sheila.… Am I them? Are they me?”

He pauses, and then: “They’re them. And you’re you. But I wouldn’t have them if I didn’t have you.” A beat. “You know, the thing about fic is that it comes from love. Characters you love so much, that you feel so deeply for, you’ll watch them fall in love a thousand different ways, over and over.

“I’ve never loved any of my characters that much,” he says. “But I love you that much. So maybe … so that’s where I went. That’s what I went with.”
― Emma Mills, This Adventure Ends

“From a child I was fond of reading, and all the little money that came into my hands was ever laid out in books.”
― Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin

“I have taken so kindly to idleness that I can't tear myself away from it. So either I amuse myself with books, of which I have a good stock at Antium, or I count the waves - the weather is unsuitable for mackerel fishing... And my sole form of political activity is to hate the rascals, and even that I do without anger.”
― Marcus Tullius Cicero

“God save me from the yearners. The insatiable, the inconsolable, the ones who chafe and claw against the edges of the world. No book can save them.

(That’s a lie. There are Books potent enough to save any mortal soul: books of witchery, augury, alchemy; books with wand-wood in their spines and moon-dust on their pages; books older than stones and wily as dragons. We give people the books they need most, except when we don’t.)”
― Alix E. Harrow, Apex Magazine Issue 105, February 2018

“I sit, tired of reading. I am sick of books. I can't tell where I leave off and the books begin. I'm nobody. I'm a polluted nothing. A confessed sin, an open door, the clutterer in the clutter.”
― Katherine Dunn, Truck

“Ti do un consiglio: quando sei giovane e ti capita di leggere qualcosa che non ti piace affatto, mettilo da parte e rileggilo tra tre anni dopo. Se ancora non ti piace, rileggilo dopo altri tre anni. E quando sei giovane - quando arrivi ai cinquant'anni come me - rileggerai il libro che ti è piaciuto in assoluto di meno.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“Historia to najcenniejszy skarb każdego narodu. Należy strzec jej z mądrą troską”
― Ewa Kassala, Boska Nefretete

“Papier ist Papier
aber es ist auch
ein Weg
zu den Sternen
zu Sinnbild und Sinn
blinden Geheimnissen
und
zu den Menschen.

("Paper is paper
but it is also
a road
to the stars
to metaphor and meaning
blind secrets
and to humanity.")”
― Rose Ausländer

“A town[…]asked him to donate a church bell, he told them to forsake the steeple and build a library, for which he sent "books instead of a bell, sense being preferable to sound.”
― Walter Issacson, Benjamin Franklin

“To take a thought, to gingerly package it in a handful of words, and then to deliver it to a person for whom both the thought and the words within which it came are life-saving is writing at its best. Anything else is scribbling at its worst.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Miró hacia la biblioteca. Aquella sabiduría no calmaría nunca su fuego; siglos y siglos de palabras no podían satisfacer aquel deseo imperativo e irracional.”
― Richard Matheson, I Am Legend

“She quite happily replied that she had plenty of books to keep her company. "

The Director sighed. "Her attachment to grimoires is..."

"Concerning? Yes indeed. If she does not suffer from the lack of company, I fear it is because she sees grimoires as her friends in place of people.”
― Margaret Rogerson, Sorcery of Thorns

“Books are treasure of Stories that want to be heard in silence by an individual who understands”
― Guru Z S Gill

“És senki ne gondolja, hogy a könyvek nem valóságos helyek.”
― Neil Gaiman

“Turner had never met a kid like Elwood before. Sturdy was the word he returned to, even though the Tallahassee boy looked soft, conducted himself like a goody-goody, and had an irritating tendency to preach. Wore eyeglasses you wanted to grind underfoot like a butterfly. He talked like a white college boy, read books when he didn't have to, and mined them for uranium to power his own personal A-bomb. Still--sturdy.”
― Colson Whitehead, The Nickel Boys

“In a fractured and fractious world, reading is an act of defiance that proclaims that understanding and tolerance are values worth fighting for.”
― Laura Andersen, The Virgin's War

“As historian Albert L. Hurtado wrote, "War, pestilence, and famine blow books around the planet like so many hostages to uncertain fortune. Thieves steal, vandals deface, pious clergy burn, and worms eat books. Whether threatened by worms or war, there is nothing permanent about books and libraries.”
― Margaret Leslie Davis

“Entre perder una amistad y perder un libro, cualquier bibliófilo prefiere perder una amistad.”
― Juan Villoro, Conferencia sobre la lluvia

“Readultery = the act of being unfaithful to one book by reading another concurrently.”
― Powell Books

“Books, after all, are extraordinary things: thoughts made visible, paper and ink sculptures of the mind, time and space made into words. There's no end to judging so many books. But a literary editor's work is never what Ecclesiastes calls a weariness of the flesh. Rather, it's an animation of the spirit.”
― Daniel Johnson

“Those of you who are more than casually familiar with books -- those of you who spend your free afternoons in fusty bookshops, who offer furtive, kindly strokes along the spines of familiar titles -- understand that page riffling is an essential element in the process of introducing oneself to a new book. It isn't about reading the words; it's about reading the smell, which wafts from the pages in a cloud of dust and wood pulp. It might smell expensive and well bound, or it might smell of tissue-thin paper and blurred two-colour prints, or of fifty years unread in the home of a tobacco-smoking old man. Books can smell of cheap thrills or painstaking scholarship, or literary weight or unsolved mysteries.”
― Alix E. Harrow, The Ten Thousand Doors of January

“No. You can't leave a library. Without a book.”
― Dan Gemeinhart, Scar Island

“Customer: This book has a couple of tears to some of the pages.

Me: Yes, unfortunately some of the older books haven’t had as much love as they should have done from previous owners.

Customer: So, will you lower the price? It says here it’s £20.

Me: I’m sorry but we take into account the condition of the books when we price them; if that book was in a better condition, it would be worth a lot more than £20.

Customer: Well, you can’t have taken this tear here into account *points to page* or this one here *points to another page* because my son did those two minutes ago.

Me: So, the book is now more damaged than it was before, because of your son?

Customer: Yes. Exactly. So will you lower the price?”
― Jen Campbell, Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops

“CUSTOMER: Is your poetry section split up into rhyming and non-rhyming sections?

BOOKSELLER: No, it’s just in alphabetical order. What kind of poetry are you looking for?

CUSTOMER: Rhyming. Preferably iambic pentameter, in poems of no more than ten lines, by a female poet. But, other than that, I don’t mind.”
― Jen Campbell, Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops

“Avec tout ce que je sais, on pourrait faire un livre... il est vrai qu'avec tout ce que je ne sais pas, on pourrait faire une bibliothèque.

With everything I know, I could create a book... and with everything I know not, I could create a library.”
― Sacha Guitry

“...every time someone speaks a faith statement, it gives Heaven
more energy. One ingredient to answered prayers is faith. Heaven runs on that power!”
― Sunshine Rodgers, Last Night, When I Prayed

“Your love for something is what comes from above, touches your heart and soothes your soul.”
― Samson Ruzario, The Show Is Over

“Lost in the pages, in the words, in the places that were tailored to me. So please if you would, keep me there.”
― Sophia Benavente

“See, their words endure in books,
Open, read them, copy their knowledge,
He who is taught becomes skilled.
Don’t be evil, kindness is good,
Make your memorial last through love of you.
Increase the [people], befriend the town,..”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“Want to fix it all? Save the world? Change the system? Ensure progress? Get books into the hands of kids... and your work will be done.”
― Peter van der Walt

“In the world where a million books are being published every year in the United States alone, every book reviewer is my hero! But even more important, every reviewer shapes the culture’s narrative. Reviewers get to decide what’s important. It’s not just the bad reviews — I hated those socks! — the good reviews have as much weight, if not more. Reviewers get to pick what’s the next IT thing! That’s power. …use it wisely…”
― Olga Werby, Harvest

“Asking a decent editor to save this book would have been like asking a doctor to help a corpse that had fallen from the top of the Empire State Building.”
― John Niven

“I have seen many beatings
Set your heart on books!
I watched those seized for labor
There’s nothing better than books!”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“The realization that failure was possible, even for me, had the effect of increasing my empathy. If life could be this harsh/grueling/boring for someone who'd had all the advantages, what must it be like for someone who hadn't? A thread of connection went out between me and everyone else. They, too, wanted to be happy. They, too, wanted to succeed. Maybe they had people they loved at home. They, too, were doing some weird uninteresting job in order to ensure the security and happiness of those beloved people of theirs, and yet...”
― George Saunders, CivilWarLand in Bad Decline

“Its not over when the curtains come down, its over when YOU choose not to perform anymore.”
― Samson Ruzario, The Show Is Over

“Copy your fathers, your ancestors,
See, their words endure in books,
Open, read them, copy their knowledge,
He who is taught becomes skilled.
Don’t be evil, kindness is good..”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“All the wrong things in life will make sense at the write time.”
― Samson Ruzario, The Show Is Over

“A wrong man will never think he is doing wrong even if the right man warns him.”
― Samson Ruzario, The Show Is Over

“Whoever who prepares and wishes to win a war must make books his first and closest ally.”
― Mecha Constantine

“عاش حياته يبحث ويحاول الفهم، ولم يجد الرضا في حب ولا مال ولا نفوذ ولا حتى بلد وسكن، لم يجد الرضا إلا بين أركان أحلامه ومحاربة الزمن والانتصار عليه، ففي الإبداع يكمن الخلود، وفي التشييد تكمن القوة، وفي الرسم تكمن المعجزة، وفي الانتهاء من البناء الرضا والاستقرار.”
― ريم بسيوني, أولاد الناس: ثلاثية المماليك

“كانت كالأرنب الذي يهم المشتري أن يمسك بأذنيه ليذبحه، تنظر إليه في حذر وتخاف النهاية المحتومة، اتسعت عيناها وهي تنظر إليه، كانتا عينين تستغيثان وترجوان، ولكنه رأى القوة لم تزل كامنة في الأعماق، ولم تختفِ حتى بعد المكوث في السجن”
― ريم بسيوني, أولاد الناس: ثلاثية المماليك

“أفضل أنواع القتال هو القتال من أجل سلطان النفس، وليس سلطان البلاد، فسلطان النفس غوايته تدغدغ الروح وتشبعها”
― ريم بسيوني, أولاد الناس: ثلاثية المماليك

“ابنتي... الكلمات هي ما تخيف الأمراء، كل الأشياء الأخرى لها حل ومخرج، أمَّا الكلمات فلها وقع آخر، احترسي من كلماتك في المستقبل.”
― ريم بسيوني, أولاد الناس: ثلاثية المماليك

“وباء يهز أركان العمر، ثم حسرة تأكل القلب، والآن يتحطم كل شيء، كل شيء. لو لم تخرج في هذا اليوم المشئوم لو لم يرها الأمير، لو لم يذهب خطيبها للقائها، لو ولو، الندم عادةً غير مُجْدٍ. والمحن تحتاج إلى عقل مدبر وسريع الفهم والتأقلم”
― ريم بسيوني, أولاد الناس: ثلاثية المماليك

“لكل قوة شىء من الضعف ولكل يقين شك في البدء، ولكل عاقل نفحة من الجنون”
― ريم بسيوني, أولاد الناس: ثلاثية المماليك

“Do you have any old copies of Dickens?

Bookseller: We've got a copy of David Copperfield from 1850 for $150.

Customer: Why is it so expensive if it's that old?”
― Jen Campbell, Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops

“The poor girl liked to be thought clever, but she hated to be thought bookish; she used to read in secret and, though her memory was excellent, to abstain from showy reference. She had a great desire for knowledge, but she really preferred almost any source of information to printed page; she had an immense curiosity about life and was constantly staring and wondering. She carried herself with a great fund of life, and her deepest enjoyment was to feel the continuity between the movements of her own soul and agitations of the world.”
― Herny James

“Customer: Forgotten my glasses, could you read the beginning of this book to me to see if I like it?”
― Jen Campbell, Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops

“The poor girl liked to be thought clever, but she hated to be thought bookish; she used to read in secret and, though her memory was excellent, to abstain from showy reference. She had a great desire for knowledge, but she really preferred almost any source of information to printed page; she had an immense curiosity about life and was constantly staring and wondering. She carried herself with a great fund of life, and her deepest enjoyment was to feel the continuity between the movements of her own soul and agitations of the world.”
― Henry James

“Scream As Loud As You Want”
― Author Teresa

“Books are letters in bottles, cast into the waves of time, from one person trying to save the world to another.”
― Amal El-Mohtar, This Is How You Lose the Time War

“Being surrounded by books was the closest she'd ever gotten to feeling like the member of a gang. The books had her back, and the nonfiction, at least, was ready to fight if necessary.”
― Abbi Waxman, The Bookish Life of Nina Hill

“Within the pages of books, I've journeyed to Mandalay, the Milky Way and Santa Fe, without once having to leave my armchair.”
― Kevin Ansbro

“There are but twenty-six letters in the English alphabet, yet I must have read a quadrillion words.”
― Kevin Ansbro

“You belong in the library, as much as any book.”
― Margaret Rogerson, Sorcery of Thorns

“You like this place?"
"Of course I do. It has books in it.”
― Margaret Rogerson, Sorcery of Thorns

“Jaka to rozkosz, jaka słodycz życia – siedzieć w chłodnym domu, pić herbatę, pogryzać ciasto i czytać. Przeżuwać długie zdania, smakować ich sens, odkrywać nagle w mgnieniu sens głębszy, zdumiewać się nim i pozwalać sobie zastygać z oczami wklejonymi w prostokąt szyby. Herbata stygnie w delikatnej filiżance; nad jej powierzchnią unosi się koronkowy dymek, który znika w powietrzu zostawiając ledwie uchwytny zapach. Sznureczki liter na białej stronie książki dają schronienie oczom, rozumowi, całemu człowiekowi. Okruszki ciasta wysypują się na serwetę, zęby dzwonią leciutko o porcelanę. W ustach zbiera się ślina, bo mądrość jest apetyczna jak drożdżowe ciasto, ożywiająca jak herbata.”
― Olga Tokarczuk, House of Day, House of Night

“I knew you talked to books. I didn't realize they listened.”
― Margaret Rogerson, Sorcery of Thorns

“After family, books are the things that make me happy. Books are my solace, my sanctuary from the everyday cares. If I could I would make reading my soul occupation.”
― Neena H. Brar

“Books, the estate agent had told him, provide excellent insulation, and since the heating bills would be very considerable in any event, he might as well leave them there even if he had no intention of ever reading them.”
― Tom Holt, Expecting Someone Taller

“We are not the stories that others hear about is, we are the stories that we know about ourselves.”
― Lauren Kasper (me)

“A particularly good book had a way of opening new spaces in one's mind. It even invited you to come back later and rummage through what you'd learned.”
― Roshani Chokshi, Aru Shah and the End of Time

“Within the pages of books, I've journeyed to Mandalay, the Milky Way and Santa Fe.”
― Kevin Ansbro

“Helen read a great deal. The feel of a book in her hands was an ancient solace -- not, originally, because of what lay between the covers but as a screen, a defence, a shield.”
― Penelope Lively, Passing On

“Helen, marvelling at Joyce's capacity for self-protection, often wondered at her choice of career. It had something to do with order, she decided; Joyce mistrusted books for their content, but liked the way they could be marshalled. The readers were simply an unlooked-for hazard.”
― Penelope Lively, Passing On

“A good book is always resistant to the destructive effects of time”
― Sorenarina

“-Hija mía, eres joven, tienes toda la vida por delante. Lee. Olvida lo que te hayan dicho sobre los libros, y lee.”
― Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes

“If you are happily married for what you have highly devoured from your beloved wife,is however legal,the world clasps respectfully,
without any means to disapprove,though jealous and you too had given your wife an Heavenly drink,many a time with her mind's consent in order to fill what 'Eternal Sexual Divinity' is all about.”
― Nithin Purple

“There were about three other homes after that, but I was barely present. I
had learned to hide well. I don’t mean to sound breezy about all this, but I
actually don’t recall much outside the deep aloneness I felt when I was apart
from my books.”
― Katherine Reay, Dear Mr. Knightley

“But this is a library," she replied in surprise. "What do they expect--that the books won't try to bite off their fingers?”
― Margaret Rogerson, Sorcery of Thorns

“I did, however, vow to stop reading books that I didn’t enjoy. I used to pride myself on finishing every book I started—no longer.”
― Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun

“We humans have many ways to complain what burning sunlight gives more than a day's light, until purple moon cures us with her fondling balms,like every pain has a remedy to heal and future to grow.”
― Nithin purple

“A good book and a smooth road are similar: you’d always love to pass through them over and over again. ~Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu”
― Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu

“To me you’re like a book I wish would never end”
-Futurai no renai shoka”
― Kore Yamazaki, ふたりの恋愛書架 2

“A book is a compilation of unexpressed expressions to connect the unknown knowns”
― Aniket S Sharma

“I’ve read many more books than you. It doesn’t matter how many you’ve read.
I’ve read more. Believe me. I’ve had the time.”
― Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything

“Have you ever had a book you couldn’t help but flip through when you remembered it? A book you kept coming back to, over and over again?
That’s what you are to me”
― Kore Yamazaki

“There were no bookshelves in the little apartment where we lived, so the Professor’s study, with its stacks of volumes lining the walls, seemed magical to him.”
― Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor

“Reading, literacy and learning are fundamentally important to establishing strong and stable democracies. Visit your local public library and expand your mind.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Even though it may be fiction, I never want to lie about the world I know: the Black one.
I wish to write truth, even in a fictionalized world derived from my imagination. It should tell an accurate narrative of who we are and who we have the potential to be.”
― Terry a O'Neal

“I knew you talked to books. I didn't realize they listened.”
― Margaret Rogerson, Sorcery of Thorns

“The library possessed a life of its own, had become greater than Cornelius had ever intended. For these were not ordinary books the libraries kept. They were knowledge, given life. Wisdom, given voice. They sang when starlight streamed through the library's windows. They felt pain and suffered heartbreak. Sometimes they were sinister, grotesque- but so was the world outside. And that made the world no less worth fighting for, because wherever there was darkness, there was also so much light.”
― Margaret Rogerson, Sorcery of Thorns

“How fitting, that the most terrifying time in my life should require me to do what I do best: escape into a book.”
― Alix E. Harrow, The Ten Thousand Doors of January

“I know that any book, when read at the right moment, might make my life better, might give me a greater understanding of the universe and all the other people in it.”
― Jane Mount, Bibliophile: An Illustrated Miscellany

“Nestled in the cabbage leaves,
bunny's snuggly and sound asleep”
― Suzy Davies, Sleepy Animals

“Don’t you ever reread a book you liked?” Once the words were out of her mouth, she regretted them; there were plenty of people who didn’t read for pleasure, let alone reread.
But Tom smiled and shook his head. “I used to, when I was a tyke. But how can you read a book you’ve already read when you know there are all those other ones out there?”
“An excellent argument, Mr. McLaury. I can only defend my position by saying that I use my old books as seasoning for the new ones—I sprinkle them lightly through my reading.”
― Emma Bull, Territory

“I knew you talked to books. I didn't realize they listened”
― Margaret Rogerson

“There are no parks in the ghetto; barely any trees. She misses the smell of the refreshed earth, the flickering green light beneath overhanging foliage, the flight of birds over water. She misses the distinctive individual timbre of each of Warsaw’s church bells. She misses walking home at night through the fragrance of tree pollen and the laughter of lovers. Only books now enable her to experience many of the blessings of the natural world she loves but has never until now fully appreciated. She lives wholeheartedly inside every novel she reads.”
― Glenn Haybittle, In the Warsaw Ghetto

“The goal of this book is to triple the size of your To Be Read pile. It's a literary Wunderkammer, connecting you with books you might love for all kinds of reasons―because the subject speaks to you, because you found it through a great local library, or because there is a cute cat on the cover. Like a portable, beloved bookstore with aisles full of passionate shelftalkers, this volume contains for everyone who enters. Each time you open it, you'll find another jewel you didn't you needed to find until that moment.”
― Jane Mount, Bibliophile: An Illustrated Miscellany

“An author’s great day is releasing your book into the world like a butterfly and having a reviewer come upon it and say…oh, that’s lovely!”
― Nanette L. Avery

“An infinite supply of paper, to be sure, but nothing more than paper, strewn with marks like debris from an explosion.”
― Traci Chee, The Reader

“Give all your time and attention to books and see the magic.”
― Suyasha Subedi

“Si ha sempre fretta di essere felici, signor Danglars, perchè quando uno ha sofferto a lungo, stenta a credere alla felicità.”
― Alexandre Dumas, Il Conte di Montecristo

“And who are you really, Tallis? Are you going to be the hero of Selkirk, rather than its monster? A promise of hope, rather than a warning of darker things to come?”
― C.E. Clayton, The Wrath of Silence

“Do you usually dine alone?" I asked.
"No," he said. "I always dine with a book.”
― M.R.C. Kasasian, The Mangle Street Murders

“[Quoting a letter by Charles F. Lummis]: books are the last things that any human being can afford to do without.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“Books are a sort of cultural DNA, the code for who, as a society, we are, and what we know.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“The reading of a book was a journey. There was no need for souvenirs.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“I wanted to have my books around me, forming a totem pole of the narratives I'd visited.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“There have been many times in my life where I would tell God that I need encouragement right now because of my rough day. God would then have someone call me, email me or text me something positive or uplifting. God does not run out of resources on how to bless you and make you happy. He does everything He can to make sure you know that He cares and He will show up for you.”
― Best Selling Author Sunshine Rodgers, God The Father Jesus The Big Brother Holy Spirit The Best Friend

“I read a lot of books. It's such a cliché, I know, the lonely kid and her books, but the day my brother walked into my room and chucked a copy of Harry Potter at my head and said, "I won this at school, looks like something you'd enjoy," was one of the best days of my life.”
― Tahereh Mafi

“I wanted fo have my books around me, forming a totem pole of the narratives I'd visited.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“The less you eat, drink and buy books; the less you go to the theatre, the dance hall, the public house; the less you think, love, theorise, sing, paint, fence, etc., the more you save – the greater becomes your treasure which neither moths nor rust will devour – your capital. The less you are, the less you express your own life, the more you have, i.e., the greater is your alienated life, the greater is the store of your estranged being.”
― Karl Marx

“Tante pagine sublimi sono state date alle fiamme, mentre questi documenti schifosi stanno ancora qui nella mia biblioteca.”
― Antoine Volodine, Lisbona ultima frontiera

“As a writer I program my self and others.”
― Jordan G Kobos

“If you ask me, I think the first multi-dimensional-space-time traveling device man invented was centuries ago. And they called this device a Book.”
― Malcolm Fernandes, Shadows, Trees & Odd Mysteries: The Ghosts in the Trees - Second Edition

“Suppose you and Pa were gone, and we were lost. Suppose we were inside of Lord of the Flies What would happen then?

I wonder what my sister, who understand books better than life, would say if she were confronted with a question like this one. She's so good at explaining books and their meanings, beyond the obvious. Maybe she'd say that all those books and stories devoted to adult-less children – books like Peter Pan, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, that short story by García Márquez, "Light is Like Water," and of course Lord of the Flies – are nothing but desperate attempts by adults to come to terms with childhood. That although they may seem to be stories about children's worlds – worlds without adults – they are in fact stories about children's worlds – worlds without adults – they are in fact stores about an adult's world when there are children in it, about the way that children's imaginations destabilize our adult sense of reality and force us to question the very grounds of that reality. The more time one spends surrounded by children, disconnected by other adults, the more their imaginations leak through the cracks of our own fragile structures.”
― Valeria Luiselli, Lost Children Archive

“Paper
may burn
but words
will escape.”
― Lawrence Ferlinghetti

“What is a course of history or philosophy, or poetry, no matter how well selected, or the best society, or the most admirable routine of life, compared with the discipline of looking always at what is to be seen? Will you be a reader, a student merely, or a seer? Read your fate, see what is before you, and walk on into futurity.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“When I was a child, I read everything I found, anywhere I found it. The only thing that felt beautiful about my life was the way books helped me escape it.”
― Michelle Hodkin, The Becoming of Noah Shaw

“Books, too, had hearts, though they were not the same as people's, and a book's heart could be broken: she had seen it happen before. Grimoires that refused to open, their voices gone silent, or whose ink faded and bled across the pages like tears.”
― Margaret Rogerson

“Talking about the characters in a book she had enjoyed felt like gossiping about friends.”
― Laura Lippman, What the Dead Know

“Books are borrowed minds, and because they capture the soul of a people, they explore and celebrate all it means to be human.”
― Diane Ackerman

“I love men, I love books, I can’t get enough of them.”
― Philip Hensher, The Emperor Waltz

“The only thing in this world is music–music and books and one or two pictures. I am going to found a colony where there shall be no marrying–unless you happen to fall in love with a symphony of Beethoven–no human element at all, except what comes through Art–nothing but ideal peace and endless meditation. The whole of human beings grows too complicated, my only wonder is that we don’t fill more madhouses: the insane view of life has much to be said for it–perhaps its the sane one after all: and we, the sad sober respectable citizens really rave every moment of our lives and deserve to be shut up perpetually. My spring melancholy is developing these hot days into summer madness.”
― Virginia Woolf, The Letters of Virginia Woolf: Vol. One, 1888-1912

“It is the smell of a million mould-blossomed pages, of a thousand decaying bindings, of a universe of dead words.”
― Jess Kidd, Himself

“Once, however, he had a pleasure. He had gone out with a Robert Estienne, which he had sold for thirty-five sous under the Quai Malaquais, and he returned with an Aldus which he had bought for forty sous in the Rue des Gres.—‘I owe five sous,’ he said, beaming on Mother Plutarque. That day he had no dinner.”
― Victor Hugo

“I am the collection of books I read.”
― Roger Ferrer

“Show me your books and I will tell you who you are.”
― Roger Ferrer

“Self help books help no one except the author”
― Nipun Varma

“Wapo watu ukitaka kuwaua wambie wasome vitabu. Hata ukiwambia someni kitabu fulani kujikinga na kifo wako tayari kufa kuliko kusoma.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Oft When Somber shadows veil the human laughter,and lowly made depression its doom above us sink,from agonal mind with grief that drive's and batter mark'd by the sails of lonely hours that steep to think.”
― Nithin Purple, Halcyon Wings: 'these Passions Feathers Are Gathering on a Winged Vision'

“A Dusky bee as I spare lonely sites,solely across nature's dim given strife,I, a mused traveler that my life hails,from a warm curious, and mirthful form,yon world I gazed in all my vigils.”
― Nithin Purple, Halcyon Wings: 'these Passions Feathers Are Gathering on a Winged Vision'

“If it gleams,the wakeful spirit, which the purest
in mine own fill of ecstasy, daring to swell tho' be the waning night,whose fading,blast find anew a song the very latest from my quill.”
― Nithin Purple, Halcyon Wings: 'these Passions Feathers Are Gathering on a Winged Vision'

“You, pulling up late on me. Made me, on time for me. In fact, I messed around and pulled up early. Remember that, boo”
― Jill Telford

“Det var en glad Dag før ham, han hadde ikke rikere Glæder end naar han kunde gjøre godt på denne Maate og hævde Lærdommens og Bokens Overlegenhet, det var hans Levebrød og hans Lidenskap. En Lidenskap skal Mennesket ha, somme trodser Ild og Vand for at faa bøie Verber.”
― Knut Hamsun, The Women at the Pump

“Books should never be disrespected.”
― Anyta Sunday, Liam Davis & The Raven

“Ah! stir well your fancy, fear not to tell me those deep heart secrets now,look the sun goes down the high hills and by the tree shades we sat,in adored pose;along side the lake we sat,kissed by the winds nigh.”
― Nithin purple, Venus and Crepuscule: Beauty and Violence on Me Thrown

“Oft times I write with my own blood in pain,a quick release of freedom to express well,the woes of past and present by views train;while my fancies unbar from my soul’s hall.”
― Nithin Purple, Venus and Crepuscule: Beauty and Violence on Me Thrown

“My life is my book, but I can't write it.”
― Marty Rubin

“Books because I'm tired of holding people.”
― Nitya Prakash

“You people, you read all the books, but you read all the wrong books.”
― Matt Damon, Ben Affleck

“Unless you find yourself in a book, you have a hard time finding anybody else.”
― Aidan Chambers

“The universe is the largest, the thickest and the most necessary book! Either we read this book down to the finest detail and consolidate our position in the universe, or we fall upside down like a climber who doesn't take enough precautions against the dangers of the mountain!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“A civilization makes progress by leveraging the achievements and observations of past generations. We compress history into words, stories, and symbols that allow living people to learn and benefit from the experiences of the dead. In the space of one childhood, we can learn what it took humanity many centuries to figure out. While animals may have some capacity to instruct their young, humans are unlimited in their capacity to learn from one another. Thanks to stories, books, and our symbol systems, we can learn from people we have never met. We create symbols, or what Korzybski calls abstractions, in order to represent things to one another and our descendants more efficiently. They can be icons, brands, religious symbols, familiar tropes, or anything that compresses information bigger than itself.”
― Douglas Rushkoff, Present Shock: When Everything Happens Now

“Reading teaches me the answers to the problems I haven't had yet, or to problems I didn't even know how to describe. And when I feel less alone with what troubles me, it is easier to find solutions. A book to me is like a friend, a shelter, advice, an argument with someone who cares enough to argue with me for a better answer than the one we both already have. Books aren't just a door to another world-each book is part of a door to the whole world, a door that always has more behind it.”
― Alexander Chee

“I’m the book lady. With the bag. I’ve secured Botha The book and the bag.”
― Jill Telford

“I’m the book lady. With the bag. I’ve secured both. The book and the bag.”
― I’m the book lady. With the bag. I’ve secured the book and the bag.

“A book not worthy of being read twice is not worthy of being read once.”
― Karl Julius Weber

“لن يصدق أحد من الجالسين جواري في العزاء والذين يعلمون جيداً كم كان المرحوم قريباً إلى قلبي، أن كل ما أفكر فيه الآن هو: هل سيفهمني ورثة المرحوم بشكل سليم لو طلبت منهم غداً أو حتى بعد أسبوع أن يبحثوا في مكتبته عن الجزء الأول من حياة الحيوان الكبرى للدميري لكي لا يظل الجزء الثاني وحيداً في مكتبتي ؟”
― بلال فضل, الشيخ العيل

