“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.”
― Mark Twain

“You can never be overdressed or overeducated.”
― Oscar Wilde

“You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.”
― Brigham Young

“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.”
― St. Augustine

“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.”
― Nelson Mandela

“I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.”
― Maya Angelou

“Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.”
― Walter Cronkite

“Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.”
― Robert Frost

“The past has no power over the present moment.”
― Eckhart Tolle

“Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.”
― Margaret Mead

“The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff and blow, "is to learn something. That's the only thing that never fails. You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then — to learn. Learn why the world wags and what wags it. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting. Learning is the only thing for you. Look what a lot of things there are to learn.”
― T.H. White, The Once and Future King

“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.”
― Confucius

“The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.”
― Thomas Paine, A Letter Addressed to the Abbe Raynal on the Affairs of North America

“Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty.”
― Mark Twain

“Only a generation of readers will spawn a generation of writers.”
― Steven Spielberg

“If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.”
― Frank Zappa

“Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.”
― Aristotle

“Marriage can wait, education cannot.”
― Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns

“Ideally, what should be said to every child, repeatedly, throughout his or her school life is something like this: 'You are in the process of being indoctrinated. We have not yet evolved a system of education that is not a system of indoctrination. We are sorry, but it is the best we can do. What you are being taught here is an amalgam of current prejudice and the choices of this particular culture. The slightest look at history will show how impermanent these must be. You are being taught by people who have been able to accommodate themselves to a regime of thought laid down by their predecessors. It is a self-perpetuating system. Those of you who are more robust and individual than others will be encouraged to leave and find ways of educating yourself — educating your own judgements. Those that stay must remember, always, and all the time, that they are being moulded and patterned to fit into the narrow and particular needs of this particular society.”
― Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook

“Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness; but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each.”
― Plato

“I am not a teacher, but an awakener.”
― Robert Frost

“The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.”
― Plutarch

“The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.”
― C.S. Lewis

“A good head and good heart are always a formidable combination. But when you add to that a literate tongue or pen, then you have something very special.”
― Nelson Mandela

“Ignoring isn’t the same as ignorance, you have to work at it.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale

“[Kids] don't remember what you try to teach them. They remember what you are.”
― Jim Henson, It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider

“Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in.”
― Leonardo da Vinci

“Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.”
― E.M. Forster

“Give a girl an education and introduce her properly into the world, and ten to one but she has the means of settling well, without further expense to anybody. ”
― Jane Austen

“Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“Prejudices, it is well known, are most difficult to eradicate from the heart whose soil has never been loosened or fertilised by education: they grow there, firm as weeds among stones.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre

“Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.”
― William Butler Yeats

“Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.”
― Malcolm X

“Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.”
― Socrates

“Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Eragon looked back at him, confused. "I don't understand."
"Of course you don't," said Brom impatiently. "That's why I'm teaching you and not the other way around.”
― Christopher Paolini, Eragon

“The whole educational and professional training system is a very elaborate filter, which just weeds out people who are too independent, and who think for themselves, and who don't know how to be submissive, and so on -- because they're dysfunctional to the institutions.”
― Noam Chomsky

“Often, it’s not about becoming a new person, but becoming the person you were meant to be, and already are, but don’t know how to be.”
― Heath L. Buckmaster, Box of Hair: A Fairy Tale

“All men who have turned out worth anything have had the chief hand in their own education.”
― Sir Walter Scott

“You know, sometimes kids get bad grades in school because the class moves too slow for them. Einstein got D's in school. Well guess what, I get F's!!!”
― Bill Watterson

“Getting an education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease. It made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on.”
― Terry Pratchett, Hogfather

“In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra. ”
― Fran Lebowitz

“The educated differ from the uneducated as much as the living differ from the dead.”
― Aristotle

“Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.”
― Albert Einstein

“To me education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul.”
― Muriel Spark, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie

“I don't believe in colleges and universities. I believe in libraries because most students don't have any money. When I graduated from high school, it was during the Depression and we had no money. I couldn't go to college, so I went to the library three days a week for 10 years.”
― Ray Bradbury

“Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.”
― Henry Ford

“In learning you will teach, and in teaching you will learn.”
― Phil Collins

“There is, I believe, in every disposition a tendency to some particular evil, a natural defect, which not even the best education can overcome."
"And your defect is a propensity to hate everybody."
"And yours," he replied with a smile, "is wilfully to misunderstand them.”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

“The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“To educate a person in the mind but not in morals is to educate a menace to society.”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.”
― Jim Rohn

“I think the big mistake in schools is trying to teach children anything, and by using fear as the basic motivation. Fear of getting failing grades, fear of not staying with your class, etc. Interest can produce learning on a scale compared to fear as a nuclear explosion to a firecracker.”
― Stanley Kubrick

“Try not to have a good time...this is supposed to be educational.”
― Charles Schultz

“He who opens a school door, closes a prison.”
― Victor Hugo

“I do not think I ever opened a book in my life which had not something to say upon woman's inconstancy. Songs and proverbs, all talk of woman's fickleness. But perhaps you will say, these were all written by men."

"Perhaps I shall. Yes, yes, if you please, no reference to examples in books. Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. Education has been theirs in so much higher a degree; the pen has been in their hands. I will not allow books to prove anything.”
― Jane Austen, Persuasion

“For if you suffer your people to be ill-educated, and their manners to be corrupted from their infancy, and then punish them for those crimes to which their first education disposed them, what else is to be concluded from this, but that you first make thieves and then punish them.”
― Sir Thomas More, Utopia

“Teach the ignorant as much as you can; society is culpable in not providing a free education for all and it must answer for the night which it produces. If the soul is left in darkness sins will be committed. The guilty one is not he who commits the sin, but he who causes the darkness.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year old’s life: The Lord of the Rings and Atlas Shrugged. One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted, socially crippled adulthood, unable to deal with the real world. The other, of course, involves orcs."

[Kung Fu Monkey -- Ephemera, blog post, March 19, 2009]”
― John Rogers

“We spend the first year of a child's life teaching it to walk and talk and the rest of its life to shut up and sit down. There's something wrong there.”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson

“The more I live, the more I learn. The more I learn, the more I realize, the less I know.”
― Michel Legrand

“Cinema is the ultimate pervert art. It doesn't give you what you desire - it tells you how to desire.”
― Slavoj Žižek

“I go to school, but I never learn what I want to know.”
― Bill Watterson, The Authoritative Calvin and Hobbes: A Calvin and Hobbes Treasury

“Game shows are designed to make us feel better about the random, useless facts that are all we have left of our education.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters

“True teachers are those who use themselves as bridges over which they invite their students to cross; then, having facilitated their crossing, joyfully collapse, encouraging them to create their
own.”
― Nikos Kazantzakis

“Education consists mainly of what we have unlearned.”
― Mark Twain, Notebook

“O teach me how I should forget to think (1.1.224)”
― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet

“I don't want to believe. I want to know.”
― Carl Sagan

“Educate a boy, and you educate an individual. Educate a girl, and you educate a community.”
― Adelaide Hoodless

“The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.”
― Baruch Spinoza

“By seeking and blundering we learn.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“Education is a system of imposed ignorance.”
― Noam Chomsky, Manufacturing Consent: The Political Economy of the Mass Media

“If a man is to shed the light of the sun upon other men, he must first of all have it within himself.”
― Romain Rolland

“Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.”
― Bernard Branson

“Education is no substitute for intelligence.”
― Frank Herbert

“Drop out of school before your mind rots from exposure to our mediocre educational system. Forget about the Senior Prom and go to the library and educate yourself if you've got any guts. Some of you like Pep rallies and plastic robots who tell you what to read.”
― Frank Zappa

“All I have learned, I learned from books.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Instruction does much, but encouragement everything."

(Letter to A.F. Oeser, Nov. 9, 1768)”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Early and Miscellaneous Letters of J. W. Goethe: Including Letters to His Mother. With Notes and a Short Biography

“Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.”
― Anton Chekhov

“All these people talk so eloquently about getting back to good old-fashioned values. Well, as an old poop I can remember back to when we had those old-fashioned values, and I say let's get back to the good old-fashioned First Amendment of the good old-fashioned Constitution of the United States -- and to hell with the censors! Give me knowledge or give me death!”
― Kurt Vonnegut

“Do you know the difference between education and experience? Education is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't. ”
― Pete Seeger

“I believe that we learn by practice. Whether it means to learn to dance by practicing dancing or to learn to live by practicing living, the principles are the same. In each, it is the performance of a dedicated precise set of acts, physical or intellectual, from which comes shape of achievement, a sense of one's being, a satisfaction of spirit. One becomes, in some area, an athlete of God. Practice means to perform, over and over again in the face of all obstacles, some act of vision, of faith, of desire. Practice is a means of inviting the perfection desired.”
― Martha Graham

“I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained”
― Walt Disney

“Books permit us to voyage through time, to tap the wisdom of our ancestors. The library connects us with the insight and knowledge, painfully extracted from Nature, of the greatest minds that ever were, with the best teachers, drawn from the entire planet and from all our history, to instruct us without tiring, and to inspire us to make our own contribution to the collective knowledge of the human species. I think the health of our civilization, the depth of our awareness about the underpinnings of our culture and our concern for the future can all be tested by how well we support our libraries.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti

“Education is education. We should learn everything and then choose which path to follow." Education is neither Eastern nor Western, it is human.”
― Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban

“It is very nearly impossible to become an educated person in a country so distrustful of the independent mind.”
― James Baldwin

“Give a bowl of rice to a man and you will feed him for a day. Teach him how to grow his own rice and you will save his life.”
― Confucius

“Education either functions as an instrument which is used to facilitate integration of the younger generation into the logic of the present system and bring about conformity or it becomes the practice of freedom, the means by which men and women deal critically and creatively with reality and discover how to participate in the transformation of their world.”
― Richard Shaull, Pedagogy of the Oppressed

“There is no school equal to a decent home and no teacher equal to a virtuous parent.”
― Gandhi

“No man who worships education has got the best out of education... Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“In the first place God made idiots. This was for practice. Then he made school boards.”
― Mark Twain, Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World

“My favourite definition of an intellectual: 'Someone who has been educated beyond his/her intelligence.

[Sources and Acknowledgements: Chapter 19]”
― Arthur C. Clarke, 3001: The Final Odyssey

“A man's mind may be likened to a garden, which may be intelligently cultivated or allowed to run wild; but whether cultivated or neglected, it must, and will, bring forth. If no useful seeds are put into it, then an abundance of useless weed seeds will fall therein, and will continue to produce their kind.”
― James Allen, As a Man Thinketh

“I raise up my voice-not so I can shout but so that those without a voice can be heard...we cannot succeed when half of us are held back.”
― Malala Yousafzai

“People cited violation of the First Amendment when a New Jersey schoolteacher asserted that evolution and the Big Bang are not scientific and that Noah's ark carried dinosaurs. This case is not about the need to separate church and state; it's about the need to separate ignorant, scientifically illiterate people from the ranks of teachers.”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson

“Knowledge will bring you the opportunity to make a difference.”
― Claire Fagin

“A state that does not educate and train women is like a man who only trains his right arm.”
― Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World

“Governments want efficient technicians, not human beings, because human beings become dangerous to governments – and to organized religions as well. That is why governments and religious organizations seek to control education.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life

“It is important that students bring a certain ragamuffin, barefoot irreverence to their studies; they are not here to worship what is known, but to question it.”
― Jacob Bronowski, The Ascent of Man

“What a school thinks about its library is a measure of what it feels about education.”
― Harold Howe

“If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.”
― Robert Orben

“nothing that is worth knowing can be taught”
― Oscar Wilde

“Play is the highest form of research.”
― Albert Einstein

“It is, in fact, nothing short of a miracle that the modern methods of instruction have not yet entirely strangled the holy curiosity of inquiry; for this delicate little plant, aside from stimulation, stands mainly in need of freedom. Without this it goes to wrack and ruin without fail.”
― Albert Einstein

“Leaders are not, as we are often led to think, people who go along with huge crowds following them. Leaders are people who go their own way without caring, or even looking to see, whether anyone is following them. "Leadership qualities" are not the qualities that enable people to attract followers, but those that enable them to do without them. They include, at the very least, courage, endurance, patience, humor, flexibility, resourcefulness, stubbornness, a keen sense of reality, and the ability to keep a cool and clear head, even when things are going badly. True leaders, in short, do not make people into followers, but into other leaders.”
― John Holt , Teach Your Own: The John Holt Book Of Homeschooling

“I read my eyes out and can't read half enough...the more one reads the more one sees we have to read.”
― John Adams, Letters of John Adams, Addressed to His Wife

“nothing contributes so much to tranquilize the mind as a steady purpose”
― Mary Shelley

“Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.”
― Mark Twain

“Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.”
― Will Durant

“What we become depends on what we read after all of the professors have finished with us. The greatest university of all is a collection of books.”
― Thomas Carlyle

“I received the fundamentals of my education in school, but that was not enough. My real education, the superstructure, the details, the true architecture, I got out of the public library. For an impoverished child whose family could not afford to buy books, the library was the open door to wonder and achievement, and I can never be sufficiently grateful that I had the wit to charge through that door and make the most of it. Now, when I read constantly about the way in which library funds are being cut and cut, I can only think that the door is closing and that American society has found one more way to destroy itself.”
― Isaac Asimov, I. Asimov

“You can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world, but when you're finished, you'll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird... So let's look at the bird and see what it's doing — that's what counts. I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something.”
― Richard P. Feynman, "What Do You Care What Other People Think?": Further Adventures of a Curious Character

“Education breeds confidence. Confidence breeds hope. Hope breeds peace.”
― Confucius

“A man will be imprisoned in a room with a door that's unlocked and opens inwards; as long as it does not occur to him to pull rather than push.”
― Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value

“When asked "What do we need to learn this for?" any high-school teacher can confidently answer that, regardless of the subject, the knowledge will come in handy once the student hits middle age and starts working crossword puzzles in order to stave off the terrible loneliness.”
― David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day

“I am afraid that the schools will prove the very gates of hell, unless they diligently labor in explaining the Holy Scriptures and engraving them in the heart of the youth.”
― Martin Luther

“A man who has never gone to school may steal a freight car; but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“Ignorance is the parent of fear.”
― Herman Melville, Moby-Dick; or, the Whale

“The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.”
― James Madison

“I know no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves ; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them, but to inform their discretion by education. This is the true corrective of abuses of constitutional power.”
― Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson

“We’ve bought into the idea that education is about training and “success”, defined monetarily, rather than learning to think critically and to challenge. We should not forget that the true purpose of education is to make minds, not careers. A culture that does not grasp the vital interplay between morality and power, which mistakes management techniques for wisdom, which fails to understand that the measure of a civilization is its compassion, not its speed or ability to consume, condemns itself to death.”
― Chris Hedges, Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle

“Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the world's work, and the power to appreciate life.”
― Brigham Young

“Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.”
― Abigail Adams

“Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.”
― H.G. Wells

“The principle goal of education in the schools should be creating men and women who are capable of doing new things, not simply repeating what other generations have done; men and women who are creative, inventive and discoverers, who can be critical and verify, and not accept, everything they are offered.”
― Jean Piaget

“I know the answer! The answer lies within the heart of all mankind! The answer is twelve? I think I'm in the wrong building.”
― Charles Schultz

“Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.”
― Plato, The Republic

“The extremists are afraid of books and pens, the power of education frightens them. they are afraid of women.”
― Malala Yousafzai

“When I am king they shall not have bread and shelter only, but also teachings out of books, for a full belly is little worth where the mind is starved.”
― Mark Twain, The Prince and the Pauper

“Teaching is not a lost art, but the regard for it is a lost tradition.”
― Jacques Barzun

“Under the United States Constitution, the federal government has no authority to hold states "accountable" for their education performance...In the free society envisioned by the founders, schools are held accountable to parents, not federal bureaucrats.”
― Ron Paul

“A fondness for reading, properly directed, must be an education in itself.”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“The only thing new in the world is the history you do not know.”
― Harry S. Truman

“The only things you learn are the things you tame”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

“Why not spend that time on art: painting, sculpting, charcoal, pastel, oils? Are words or numbers more important than images? Who decides this? Does algebra move you to tears? Can plural possessives express the feelings in your heart? If you don't learn art now, you will never learn to breathe!”
― Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak

“Because I trust in the ever-changing climate of the heart. (At least, today I feel that way.) I think it is necessary to have many experiences for the sake of feeling something; for the sake of being challenged, and for the sake of being expressive, to offer something to someone else, to learn what we are capable of.”
― Jason Mraz

“A wise parent humors the desire for independent action, so as to become the friend and advisor when his absolute rule shall cease.”
― Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South

“The secret of education lies in respecting the pupil. It is not for you to choose what he shall know, what he shall do. It is chosen and foreordained and he only holds the key to his own secret.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“The aim of totalitarian education has never been to instill convictions but to destroy the capacity to form any.”
― Hannah Arendt

“In the little world in which children have their existence, whosoever brings them up, there is nothing so finely perceived and so finely felt as injustice.”
― Charles Dickens, Great Expectations

“The ink of the scholar is more holy than the blood of the martyr.”
― Anonymous, Qurʾan / القرآن الكريم

“Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing. The rest is mere sheep herding.”
― Ezra Pound

“Learning is an ornament in prosperity, a refuge in adversity, and a provision in old age.”
― Aristotle

“Do you train for passing tests or do you train for creative inquiry?”
― Noam Chomsky

“What grinds me the most is we're sending kids out into the world who don't know how to balance a checkbook, don't know how to apply for a loan, don't even know how to properly fill out a job application, but because they know the quadratic formula we consider them prepared for the world`
With that said, I'll admit even I can see how looking at the equation x -3 = 19 and knowing x =22 can be useful. I'll even say knowing x =7 and y= 8 in a problem like 9x - 6y= 15 can be helpful. But seriously, do we all need to know how to simplify (x-3)(x-3i)??
And the joke is, no one can continue their education unless they do. A student living in California cannot get into a four-year college unless they pass Algebra 2 in high school. A future psychologist can't become a psychologist, a future lawyer can't become a lawyer, and I can't become a journalist unless each of us has a basic understanding of engineering.
Of course, engineers and scientists use this shit all the time, and I applaud them! But they don't take years of theater arts appreciation courses, because a scientist or an engineer doesn't need to know that 'The Phantom of the Opoera' was the longest-running Broadway musical of all time.
Get my point?”
― Chris Colfer, Struck By Lightning: The Carson Phillips Journal

“[Myrnin to Claire about their costumes of Pierrot and Harlequin, respectively]
"Don't they teach you anything in your schools?"
"Not about this."
"Pity. I suppose that's what comes of your main education flowing from Google.”
― Rachel Caine, Feast of Fools

“Art is unquestionably one of the purest and highest elements in human happiness. It trains the mind through the eye, and the eye through the mind. As the sun colors flowers, so does art color life.”
― John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life

“Progress just means bad things happen faster.”
― Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad

“A primary object should be the education of our youth in the science of government. In a republic, what species of knowledge can be equally important? And what duty more pressing than communicating it to those who are to be the future guardians of the liberties of the country?”
― George Washington

“Children deprived of words become school dropouts; dropouts deprived of hope behave delinquently. Amateur censors blame delinquency on reading immoral books and magazines, when in fact, the inability to read anything is the basic trouble.”
― Peter S. Jennison

“When you take the free will out of education, that turns it into schooling.”
― John Taylor Gatto

“People think of education as something they can finish.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Only the educated are free.”
― Epictetus

“The greatest mistake of the movement has been trying to organize a sleeping people around specific goals. You have to wake the people up first, then you'll get action.”
― Malcolm X, Malcolm X Speaks: Selected Speeches and Statements

“Total non-retention has kept my education from being a burden to me.”
― Flannery O'Connor, The Habit of Being: Letters of Flannery O'Connor

“The fact is that given the challenges we face, education doesn't need to be reformed -- it needs to be transformed. The key to this transformation is not to standardize education, but to personalize it, to build achievement on discovering the individual talents of each child, to put students in an environment where they want to learn and where they can naturally discover their true passions.”
― Ken Robinson, The Element: How Finding Your Passion Changes Everything

“I'VE LEARNED THAT YOU CAN'T CONTROL WHAT OTHER PEOPLE ARE GOING TO THINK ABOUT YOU.
THE BEST YOU CAN DO IN LIFE IS NOT PISS YOURSELF
OFF.”
― Megan McCafferty, Second Helpings

“When you take the time to actually listen, with humility, to what people have to say, it's amazing what you can learn. Especially if the people who are doing the talking also happen to be children.”
― Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan

“Power-lust is a weed that grows only in the vacant lots of an abandoned mind. ”
― Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged

“I suppose it is because nearly all children go to school nowadays and have things arranged for them that they seem so forlornly unable to produce their own ideas.”
― Agatha Christie, Agatha Christie: An Autobiography

“Learning without thought is labour lost; thought without learning is perilous.”
― Confucius, The Sayings of Confucius

“Often, a school is your best bet-perhaps not for education but certainly for protection from an undead attack.”
― Max Brooks, The Zombie Survival Guide

“There are obviously two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live. Surely these should never be confused in the mind of any man who has the slightest inkling of what culture is. For most of us it is essential that we should make a living...In the complications of modern life and with our increased accumulation of knowledge, it doubtless helps greatly to compress some years of experience into far fewer years by studying for a particular trade or profession in an institution; but that fact should not blind us to another—namely, that in so doing we are learning a trade or a profession, but are not getting a liberal education as human beings.”
― James Truslow Adams

“The job of an educator is to teach students to see vitality in themselves”
― Joseph Campbell

“You can't stop a teacher when they want to do something. They just do it.”
― J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

“The most necessary task of civilization is to teach people how to think. It should be the primary purpose of our public schools. The mind of a child is naturally active, it develops through exercise. Give a child plenty of exercise, for body and brain. The trouble with our way of educating is that it does not give elasticity to the mind. It casts the brain into a mold. It insists that the child must accept. It does not encourage original thought or reasoning, and it lays more stress on memory than observation.”
― Thomas A. Edison

“There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequal people.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“The purpose of education is not to validate ignorance but to overcome it”
― Lawrence Krauss

“School is the advertising agency which makes you believe that you need the society as it is.”
― Ivan Illich

“Everything can be explained to the people, on the single condition that you want them to understand.”
― Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth

“She got on with her education. In her opinion, school kept on trying to interfere with it.”
― Terry Pratchett, Soul Music

“When learning is purposeful, creativity blossoms. When creativity blossoms, thinking emanates. When thinking emanates, knowledge is fully lit. When knowledge is lit, economy flourishes.”
― A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, Indomitable Spirit

“Education is a weapon, whose effect depends on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed.”
― Joseph Stalin

“Common sense is in spite of, not the result of, education.”
― Victor Hugo

“Education doesn’t make you happy. Nor does freedom. We don’t become happy just because we’re free – if we are. Or because we’ve been educated – if we have. But because education may be the means by which we realize we are happy. It opens our eyes, our ears, tells us where delights are lurking, convinces us that there is only one freedom of any importance whatsoever, that of the mind, and gives us the assurance – the confidence – to walk the path our mind, our educated mind, offers.”
― Iris Murdoch

“I had a professor one time... He said, 'Class, you will forget almost everything I will teach you in here, so please remember this: that God spoke to Balaam through his ass, and He has been speaking through asses ever since. So, if God should choose to speak through you, you need not think too highly of yourself. And, if on meeting someone, right away you recognize what they are, listen to them anyway'.”
― Rich Mullins

“Thank goodness I was never sent to school; it would have rubbed off some of the originality.”
― Beatrix Potter

“You'll never know everything about anything, especially something you love.”
― Julia Child

“The complexity of our present trouble suggests as never before that we need to change our present concept of education. Education is not properly an industry, and its proper use is not to serve industries, either by job-training or by industry-subsidized research. It's proper use is to enable citizens to live lives that are economically, politically, socially, and culturally responsible. This cannot be done by gathering or "accessing" what we now call "information" - which is to say facts without context and therefore without priority. A proper education enables young people to put their lives in order, which means knowing what things are more important than other things; it means putting first things first.”
― Wendell Berry

“Why do I do anything?' she says. 'I'm educated enough to talk myself out of any plan. To deconstruct any fantasy. Explain away any goal. I'm so smart I can negate any dream.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Choke

“A learned fool is more a fool than an ignorant fool.”
― Moliere

“Once you educate the boys, they tend to leave the villages and go search for work in the cities, but the girls stay home, become leaders in the community, and pass on what they’ve learned. If you really want to change a culture, to empower women, improve basic hygiene and health care, and fight high rates of infant mortality, the answer is to educate girls.”
― Greg Mortenson, Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace ... One School at a Time

“I think you learn more if you're laughing at the same time.”
― Mary Ann Shaffer & Annie Barrows

“Let us pick up our books and our pens,” I said. “They are our most powerful weapons. One child, one teacher, one book and one pen can change the world.”
― Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban

“I believe that what we get out of life is what we've set ourselves up to get, so there's no such thing as an inconsequential decision. Our destinies are the culmination of all the choices we've made along the way, which is why it's imperative to listen hard to your inner voice when it speaks up.
Don't let anyone else's noise drown it out.”
― Megan McCafferty, Second Helpings

“Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing”
― Warren Buffett

“Liberty without Learning is always in peril and Learning without Liberty is always in vain.”
― John F. Kennedy

“I don't want revenge on the Taliban, I want education for sons and daughters of the Taliban.”
― Malala Yousafzai

“A woman with an education may be able to spend more time sitting in a chair instead of lying on her back. A sound advantage, I should think.”
― Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood

“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“....a good book can teach you about the world and about yourself. You learn more than how to read better; you also learn more about life. You become wiser. Not just more knowledgeable - books that provide nothing but information can produce that result. But wiser, in the sense that you are more deeply aware of the great and enduring truths of human life.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“I started thinking about that, and I used to think that the Talib would come, and he would just kill me. But then I said, ‘If he comes, what would you do Malala?’ then I would reply to myself, ‘Malala, just take a shoe and hit him.’

But then I said, ‘If you hit a Talib with your shoe, then there would be no difference between you and the Talib. You must not treat others with cruelty and that much harshly, you must fight others but through peace and through dialogue and through education.’

Then I said I will tell him how important education is and that ‘I even want education for your children as well.’ And I will tell him, ‘That’s what I want to tell you, now do what you want.”
― Malala Yousafzai

“Public education was not founded to give society what it wants. Quite the opposite.”
― May Sarton

“Proper teaching is recognized with ease. You can know it without fail because it awakens within you that sensation which tells you this is something you have always known.”
― Frank Herbert, Dune

“What it means to be human is to bring up your children in safety, educate them, keep them healthy, teach them how to care for themselves and others, allow them to develop in their own way among adults who are sane and responsibile, who know the value of the world and not its economic potential. It means art, it means time, it means all the invisibles never counted by the GDP and the census figures. It means knowing that life has an inside as well as an outside. And I think it means love.”
― Jeanette Winterson, The Stone Gods

“How is it that little children are so intelligent and men so stupid? It must be education that does it”
― Alexandre Dumas

“What I learned on my own I still remember”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms

“There will be no mass-based feminist movement as long as feminist ideas are understood only by a well-educated few.”
― bell hooks, Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center

“On ne naît pas femme: on le devient.”
― Simone de Beauvoir, Le deuxième sexe II

“When you wish to instruct, be brief; that men's [children's] minds take in quickly what you say, learn its lesson, and retain it faithfully. Every word that is unnecessary only pours over the side of a brimming mind.”
― Cicero

“What I've found about it is that there are some folks you can talk to until you're blue in the face--they're never going to get it and they're never going to change. But every once in a while, you'll run into someone who is eager to listen, eager to learn, and willing to try new things. Those are the people we need to reach. We have a responsibility as parents, older people, teachers, people in the neighborhood to recognize that.”
― Tyler Perry, Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings: Madea's Uninhibited Commentaries on Love and Life

“True education does not consist merely in the acquiring of a few facts of science, history, literature, or art, but in the development of character.”
― David O. McKay

“Most learning is not the result of instruction. It is rather the result of unhampered participation in a meaningful setting. Most people learn best by being "with it," yet school makes them identify their personal, cognitive growth with elaborate planning and manipulation.”
― Ivan Illich, Deschooling Society

“I couldn't claim that I was smarter than sixty-five other guys--but the average of sixty-five other guys, certainly!”
― Richard P. Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character

“It is personal. That's what an education does. It makes the world personal.”
― Cormac McCarthy, The Sunset Limited

“He who thinks half-heartedly will not believe in God; but he who really thinks has to believe in God.”
― Isaac Newton

“I know you're still young but I want you to understand and learn this now. Marriage can wait, education cannot. You're a very very bright girl. Truly you are. You can be anything you want Laila. I know this about you. And I also know that when this war is over Afghanistan is going to need you as much as its men maybe even more. Because a society has no chance of success if its women are uneducated Laila. No chance.”
― Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns

“The soul takes nothing with her to the next world but her education and her culture. At the beginning of the journey to the next world, one's education and culture can either provide the greatest assistance, or else act as the greatest burden, to the person who has just died.”
― Plato, The Republic of Plato

“There are few things more pathetic than those who have lost their curiosity and sense of adventure, and who no longer care to learn.”
― Gordon B. Hinckley, Way to Be!: 9 Rules For Living the Good Life

“A teacher who loves learning earns the right and the ability to help others learn.”
― Ruth Beechick, An Easy Start in Arithmetic, Grades K-3

“We are students of words: we are shut up in schools, and colleges, and recitation -rooms, for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a bag of wind, a memory of words, and do not know a thing.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays Including Essays, First & Second Series, English Traits, Nature & Considerations by the Way

“Our care of the child should be governed, not by the desire to make him learn things, but by the endeavor always to keep burning within him that light which is called intelligence.”
― Maria Montessori

“We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.”
― Gary L. Francione

“... what you learn today, for no reason at all, will help you discover all the wonderful secrets of tomorrow.”
― Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth

“It has always seemed strange to me that in our endless discussions about education so little stress is laid on the pleasure of becoming an educated person, the enormous interest it adds to life. To be able to be caught up into the world of thought—that is to be educated."

[Saturday Evening Post, September 27, 1958]”
― Edith Hamilton

“The secret of education lies in respecting the pupil.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“To educate the peasantry, three things are needed: schools, schools and schools.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual; a complete rejection of the paradigm of oppression and violence that she has been taught from childhood to accept as the natural order. It changes her life and the lives of those with whom she shares this vision of nonviolence. Ethical veganism is anything but passive; on the contrary, it is the active refusal to cooperate with injustice”
― GaryLFrancione

“Genius is the ability to independently arrive at and understand concepts that would normally have to be taught by another person.”
― Immanuel Kant

“We are always falling in love or quarreling, looking for jobs or fearing to lose them, getting ill and recovering, following public affairs. If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavorable. Favorable conditions never come.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory

“I do not want the peace which passeth understanding, I want the understanding which bringeth peace. ”
― Helen Keller

“It's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.”
― Claude Bernard

“Education: that which reveals to the wise, and conceals from the stupid, the vast limits of their knowledge.”
― Mark Twain

“Imagination is the source of every form of human achievement. And it's the one thing that I believe we are systematically jeopardizing in the way we educate our children and ourselves.”
― Sir Ken Robinson

“We must be careful not to discourage our twelve-year-olds by making them waste the best years of their lives preparing for examinations.”
― Freeman Dyson, Infinite in All Directions

“University can teach you skill and give you opportunity, but it can't teach you sense, nor give you understanding. Sense and understanding are produced within one's soul.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“The plain fact is that education is itself a form of propaganda - a deliberate scheme to outfit the pupil, not with the capacity to weigh ideas, but with a simple appetite for gulping ideas ready-made. The aim is to make 'good' citizens, which is to say, docile and uninquisitive citizens.”
― H.L. Menchken

“Theological formation is the gradual and often painful discovery of God's incomprehensibility. You can be competent in many things, but you cannot be competent in God.”
― Henri Nouwen

“Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten.”
― B.F. Skinner

“To understand a child we have to watch him at play, study him in his different moods; we cannot project upon him our own prejudices, hopes and fears, or mould him to fit the pattern of our desires. If we are constantly judging the child according to our personal likes and dislikes, we are bound to create barriers and hindrances in our relationship with him and in his relationships with the world. Unfortunately, most of us desire to shape the child in a way that is gratifying to our own vanities and idiosyncrasies; we find varying degrees of comfort and satisfaction in exclusive ownership and domination.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life

“Mistakes are a part of being human. Precious life lessons that can only be learned the hard way. Unless it's a fatal mistake, which, at least, others can learn from.”
― Al Franken

“Education: the inculcation of the incomprehensible into the indifferent by the incompetent.”
― John Maynard Keynes

“Every time you stop a school, you will have to build a jail. What you gain at one end you lose at the other. It's like feeding a dog on his own tail. It won't fatten the dog.”
― Mark Twain

“Children should be educated and instructed in the principles of freedom. Aristotle speaks plainly to this purpose, saying, 'that the institution of youth should be accommodated to that form of government under which they live; forasmuch as it makes exceedingly for the preservation of the present government, whatsoever it be.”
― John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of Government of the United States of America: Akashic U.S. Presidents Series

“The function of a child is to live his/her own life, not the life that his/her anxious parents think he/she should live, nor a life according to the purpose of the educators who thinks they knows best”
― A.S. Neill

“Everyone who is educated today wants to sit at a comfortable desk under a fan and live in an air-conditioned house surrounded by a garden, coming and going in an American car as wide as the street. If we do not tear out this disease by the roots we shall have with us a bourgeoisie that is in no way connected with the reality of our life...”
― Tayeb Salih, Season of Migration to the North

“You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak.”
― George Clooney

“With guns you can kill terrorists, with education you can kill terrorism.”
― Malala Yousafzai

“Teaching should be such that what is offered is perceived as a valuable gift and not as hard duty. Never regard study as duty but as the enviable opportunity to learn to know the liberating influence of beauty in the realm of the spirit for your own personal joy and to the profit of the community to which your later work belongs.”
― Albert Einstein

“I don’t think it would have all got me quite so down if just once in a while—just once in a while—there was at least some polite little perfunctory implication that knowledge should lead to wisdom, and that if it doesn't, it's just a disgusting waste of time! But there never is! You never even hear any hints dropped on a campus that wisdom is supposed to be the goal of knowledge. You hardly ever even hear the word 'wisdom' mentioned!”
― J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey

“All of life is a constant education.”
― Eleanor Roosevelt, The Wisdom Of Eleanor Roosevelt

“I became convinced that noncooperation with evil is as much a moral obligation as is cooperation with good.”
― Martin Luther King Jr., The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr.

“Education, n. That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding.”
― Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary

“One cannot expect positive results from an educational or political action program which fails to respect the particular view of the world held by the people. Such a program constitutes cultural invasion, good intentions notwithstanding.”
― Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed

“It is clearly absurd to limit the term 'education' to a person's formal schooling.”
― Murray N. Rothbard, Education, Free & Compulsory

“By 20, you should be smart. By 30, you should be strong. By 40, you should be rich. By 50, you should be wise. But if you are smart, strong, rich and wise, you don't need any age limits.”
― Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday

“Educated men are so impressive!”
― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet

“It is the mark of a truly educated man to know what not to read.”
― Ezra Taft Benson

“A plongeur is a slave, and a wasted slave, doing stupid and largely unnecessary work. He is kept at work, ultimately, because of a vague feeling that he would be dangerous if he had leisure. And educated people, who should be on his side, acquiesce in the process, because they know nothing about him and consequently are afraid of him.”
― George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London

“School prepares you for the real world... which also bites.”
― Jim Benton

“That's what education should be," I said, "the art of orientation. Educators should devise the simplest and most effective methods of turning minds around. It shouldn't be the art of implanting sight in the organ, but should proceed on the understanding that the organ already has the capacity, but is improperly aligned and isn't facing the right way.”
― Plato, The Republic

“Parents who discipline their child by discussing the consequences of their actions produce children who have better moral development , compared to children whose parents use authoritarian methods and punishment.”
― Simon Baron-Cohen, Zero Degrees of Empathy: A New Theory of Human Cruelty

“I said there was nothing so convincing to an Indian as a general massacre. If he could not approve of the massacre, I said the next surest thing for an Indian was soap and education. Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run; because a half-massacred Indian may recover, but if you educate him and wash him, it is bound to finish him some time or other.”
― Mark Twain

“Science replaces private prejudice with public, verifiable evidence.”
― Richard Dawkins

“[Homeschooling]...recipe for genius: More of family and less of school, more of parents and less of peers, more creative freedom and less formal lessons.”
― Raymond S. Moore, School Can Wait

“College is the best time of your life. When else are your parents going to spend several thousand dollars a year just for you to go to a strange town and get drunk every night?”
― David Wood

“A man's ethical behaviour should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties and needs; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death.”
― Albert Einstein

“My education was neglected, yet I was passionately fond of reading.”
― Mary Shelley, Frankenstein; Or, the Modern Prometheus

“We don't have education, we have inspiration; if I was educated I would be a damn fool.”
― Bob Marley, Bob Marley - Legend

“The main hope of a nation lies in the proper education of its youth”
― Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus

“It doesn`t hurt to get more education.”
― Donald Trump

“Even if it were true that evolution, or the teaching of evolution, encouraged immorality that would not imply that the theory of evolution was false.”
― Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution

“Formal education teaches how to stand, but to see the rainbow you must come out and walk many steps on your own.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Even those who do not, or cannot, avail themselves of a scientific education, choose to benefit from the technology that is made possible by the scientific education of others.”
― Richard Dawkins, A Devil's Chaplain: Reflections on Hope, Lies, Science, and Love

“Wine can be a better teacher than ink, and banter is often better than books”
― Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles

“We need the courage to learn from our past and not live in it.”
― Sharon Salzberg, The Force of Kindness: Change Your Life with Love & Compassion

“You have a right to experiment with your life. You will make mistakes. And they are right too. No, I think there was too rigid a pattern. You came out of an education and are supposed to know your vocation. Your vocation is fixed, and maybe ten years later you find you are not a teacher anymore or you're not a painter anymore. It may happen. It has happened. I mean Gauguin decided at a certain point he wasn't a banker anymore; he was a painter. And so he walked away from banking. I think we have a right to change course. But society is the one that keeps demanding that we fit in and not disturb things. They would like you to fit in right away so that things work now.”
― Anaïs Nin

“Peace does not mean an absence of conflicts; differences will always be there. Peace means solving these differences through peaceful means; through dialogue, education, knowledge; and through humane ways.”
― Dalai Lama

“Every mountain top is within reach if you just keep climbing.”
― Barry Finlay, Kilimanjaro and Beyond

“The purpose of education is to replace an empty mind with an open one.”
― Malcolm S. Forbes

“Education...has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.”
― George Macaulay Trevelyan

“Man's right to know, to learn, to inquire, to make bona fide errors, to investigate human emotions must, by all means, be safe, if the word "freedom" should ever be more than an empty political slogan.”
― Wilhelm Reich

“The thing that's important to know is that you never know. You're always sort of feeling your way.”
― Diane Arbus, Diane Arbus: Revelations

“Ah, child and youth, if you knew the bliss which resides in the taste of knowledge, and the evil and ugliness that lies in ignorance, how well you are advised to not complain of the pain and labor of learning.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies

“I said to my children, 'I'm going to work and do everything that I can do to see that you get a good education. I don't ever want you to forget that there are millions of God's children who will not and cannot get a good education, and I don't want you feeling that you are better than they are. For you will never be what you ought to be until they are what they ought to be.”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“Learning is not cumpulsory... neither is survival.”
― W. Edwards Deming

“She had observed that the more education they got, the less they could do. Their father had gone to a one-room schoolhouse through the eighth grade and he could do anything.”
― Flannery O'Connor, Everything That Rises Must Converge: Stories

“An open mind, in questions that are not ultimate, is useful. But an open mind about the ultimate foundations either of Theoretical or of Practical Reason is idiocy. If a man's mind is open on these things, let his mouth at least be shut. He can say nothing to the purpose. Outside the Tao there is no ground for criticizing either the Tao or anything else.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man

“There is no one way to salvation, whatever the manner in which a man may proceed. All forms and variations are governed by the eternal intelligence of the Universe that enables a man to approach perfection. It may be in the arts of music and painting or it may be in commerce, law, or medicine. It may be in the study of war or the study of peace. Each is as important as any other. Spiritual enlightenment through religious meditation such as Zen or in any other way is as viable and functional as any "Way."... A person should study as they see fit.”
― Miyamoto Musashi, A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to Strategy

“Open the window of your mind. Allow the fresh air, new lights and new truths to enter.”
― Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion

“In those days a boy on the classical side officially did almost nothing but classics. I think this was wise; the greatest service we can to education today is to teach few subjects. No one has time to do more than a very few things well before he is twenty, and when we force a boy to be a mediocrity in a dozen subjects we destroy his standards, perhaps for life.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Art is a process, not a product.”
― maryann kohl

“Teachers don't just teach; they can be vital personalities who help young people to mature, to understand the world, and to understand themselves. A good education consists of much more than useful facts and marketable skills.”
― Charles Platt

“He was a simple man who had no inferiority complex about his lack of education, and even more amazing no superiority complex because he had succeeded despite that lack.”
― Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings

“The problem is not the content of textbooks, but the very idea of them.”
― Sam Wineburg

“Mental acuity of any kind comes from solving problems yourself, not from being told how to solve them.”
― Paul Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form

“We should always be clear that animal exploitation is wrong because it involves speciesism. And speciesism is wrong because, like racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-semitism, classism, and all other forms of human discrimination, speciesism involves violence inflicted on members of the moral community where that infliction of violence cannot be morally justified. But that means that those of us who oppose speciesism necessarily oppose discrimination against humans. It makes no sense to say that speciesism is wrong because it is like racism (or any other form of discrimination) but that we do not have a position about racism. We do. We should be opposed to it and we should always be clear about that.”
― GaryLFrancione

“The function of the university is not simply to teach breadwinning, or to furnish teachers for the public schools, or to be a centre of polite society; it is, above all, to be the organ of that fine adjustment between real life and the growing knowledge of life, an adjustment which forms the secret of civilization.”
― W. E. B. Dubois

“Now, what I want is Facts. Teach these boys and girls nothing but Facts. Facts alone are wanted in life. Plant nothing else, and root out everything else. You can only form the minds of reasoning animals upon Facts; nothing else will ever be of any service to them.”
― Charles Dickens, Hard Times

“A man, whilst he is dreaming, believes in his dream; he is undeceived only when he is awakened from his slumber.”
― Mahatma Gandhi, Hind Swaraj or Indian Home Rule

“It is not our right to punish one for thinking as he does, no matter how much we disagree.”
― Oliver Bowden, Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade

“Come forward as servants of Islam, organize the people economically, socially, educationally and politically and I am sure that you will be a power that will be accepted by everybody.”
― Muhammad Ali Jinnah

“The best education consists in immunizing people against systematic attempts at education.”
― Paul Karl Feyerabend

“A fourth-grade reader may be a sixth-grade mathematician. The grade is an administrative device which does violence to the nature of the developmental process.”
― B.F. Skinner, Walden Two

“If you are not willing to be a fool, you can't become a master.”
― Jordan B. Peterson

“My mum and dad had worked incredibly hard to afford me an education.”
― Benedict Cumberbatch

“Children are living beings - more living than grown-up people who have built shells of habit around themselves. Therefore it is absolutely necessary for their mental health and development that they should not have mere schools for their lessons, but a world whose guiding spirit is personal love.”
― Rabindranath Tagore

“What does education often do? It makes a straight-cut ditch of a free, meandering brook.”
― Henry David Thoreau

“I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.”
― Winston S. Churchill

“You didn't need a college degree to become one of the people who knew what was really going on. If you paid attention, you could pick things up on your own.”
― Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle

“Education is the process of selling someone on books. ”
― Douglas Wilson

“If anyone says that the best life of all is to sail the sea, and then adds that I must not sail upon a sea where shipwrecks are a common occurrence and there are often sudden storms that sweep the helmsman in an adverse direction, I conclude that this man, although he lauds navigation, really forbids me to launch my ship.”
― Seneca, The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters

“It is always a much easier task to educate uneducated people than to re-educate the mis-educated.”
― Herbert M. Shelton, Getting Well

“I expect that you must receive top marks at school, young lady."
Madeleine smiled as she stirred her tea. "There are always rewards for those who state the obvious frequently and with conviction.”
― Scott Westerfeld, Touching Darkness

“They're so cold, these scholars!
May lightning strike their food
so that their mouths learn how
to eat fire!”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“Osama, baah!" Bashir roared.

"Osama is not a product of Pakistan or Afghanistan. He is a creation of America. Thanks to America, Osama is in every home. As a military man, I know you can never fight and win against someone who can shoot at you once and then run off and hide while you have to remain eternally on guard. You have to attack the source of your enemy's strength. In America's case, that's not Osama or Saddam or anyone else. The enemy is ignorance. That only way to defeat it is to build relationships with these people, to draw them into the modern world with education and business. Otherwise the fight will go on forever.”
― Greg Mortenson, Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace ... One School at a Time

“Since a time has come, Mademoiselle, when the severe laws of men no longer prevent women from applying themselves to the sciences and other disciplines, it seems to me that those of us who can should use this long-craved freedom to study and to let men see how greatly they wronged us when depriving us of its honor and advantages. And if any woman becomes so proficient as to be able to write down her thoughts, let her do so and not despise the honor, but rather flaunt it instead of fine clothes, necklaces, and rings. For these may be considered ours only by use, whereas the honor of being educated is ours entirely. ”
― Louise Labé

“If you consider a woman less pure after you’ve touched her
maybe you should take a looks at your hands.”
― Kaija Sabbah

“Educators may bring upon themselves unnecessary travail by taking a tactless and unjustifiable position about the relation between scientific and religious narratives. We see this, of course, in the conflict concerning creation science. Some educators representing, as they think, the conscience of science act much like those legislators who in 1925 prohibited by law the teaching of evolution in Tennessee. In that case, anti-evolutionists were fearful that a scientific idea would undermine religious belief. Today, pro-evolutionists are fearful that a religious idea will undermine scientific belief. The former had insufficient confidence in religion; the latter insufficient confidence in science. The point is that profound but contradictory ideas may exist side by side, if they are constructed from different materials and methods and have different purposes. Each tells us something important about where we stand in the universe, and it is foolish to insist that they must despise each other.”
― Neil Postman, The End of Education: Redefining the Value of School

“Teaching kids how to feed themselves and how to live in a community responsibly is the center of an education.”
― Alice Waters

“The advantages of natural folly in a beautiful girl have been already set forth by the capital pen of a sister author; and to her treatment of the subject I will only add, in justice to men, that though to the larger and more trifling part of the sex, imbecility in females is a great enhancement of their personal charms, there is a portion of them too reasonable and too well informed themselves to desire anything more in woman than ignorance.”
― Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey

“Once you've decided that something's absolutely true, you've closed your mind on it, and a closed mind doesn't go anywhere. Question everything. That's what education's all about.”
― David Eddings, Belgarath the Sorcerer

“Thomas Jefferson once said that all men are created equal (...). There is a tendency (...) for certain people to use this phrase out of context, to satisfy all conditions. The most ridiculous example I can think of is that the people who run public education promote the stupid and idle along with the industrious-because all men are created equal, educators will gravely tell you, the children left behind suffer terrible feelings of inferiority. We know all men are not created equal in the sense some people would have us believe-some people are smarter than others, some people have more opportunity because they're born with it, some men make more money than others, some ladies make better cakes than others-some people are born gifted beyond the normal scope of most men.”
― Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird

“Education is the manifestation of perfection already existing in man.”
― Swami Vivekananda

“Well, Diotallevi and I are planning a reform in higher education. A School of Comparative Irrelevance, where useless or impossibe courses are given. The school's aim is to turn out scholars capable of endlessly increasing the number of unnecessary subjects.”
― Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum

“Education is not confined to books, and the finest characters often graduate from no college, but make experience their master, and life their book. [Some care] only for the mental culture, and [are] in danger of over-studying, under the delusion . . . that learning must be had at all costs, forgetting that health and real wisdom are better.”
― Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys

“We can no more justify using nonhumans as human resources than we can justify human slavery. Animal use and slavery have at least one important point in common: both institutions treat sentient beings exclusively as resources of others. That cannot be justified with respect to humans; it cannot be justified with respect to nonhumans—however “humanely” we treat them.”
― Gary L. Francione

“Education is beautification of the inner world and the outer world.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Beyond all sciences, philosophies, theologies, and histories, a child's relentless inquiry is truly all it takes to remind us that we don't know as much as we think we know.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Every maker of video games knows something that the makers of curriculum don't seem to understand. You'll never see a video game being advertised as being easy. Kids who do not like school will tell you it's not because it's too hard. It's because it's--boring”
― Seymour Papert

“It was my teacher's genius, her quick sympathy, her loving tact
which made the first years of my education so beautiful. It was
because she seized the right moment to impart knowledge that made
it so pleasant and acceptable to me. She realized that a child's
mind is like a shallow brook which ripples and dances merrily
over the stony course of its education and reflects here a
flower, there a bush, yonder a fleecy cloud; and she attempted to
guide my mind on its way, knowing that like a brook it should be
fed by mountain streams and hidden springs, until it broadened
out into a deep river, capable of reflecting in its placid
surface, billowy hills, the luminous shadows of trees and the
blue heavens, as well as the sweet face of a little flower.
Any teacher can take a child to the classroom, but not every
teacher can make him learn. He will not work joyously unless he
feels that liberty is his, whether he is busy or at rest; he must
feel the flush of victory and the heart-sinking of disappointment
before he takes with a will the tasks distasteful to him and
resolves to dance his way bravely through a dull routine of
textbooks.
My teacher is so near to me that I scarcely think of myself apart
from her. How much of my delight in all beautiful things is
innate, and how much is due to her influence, I can never tell. I
feel that her being is inseparable from my own, and that the
footsteps of my life are in hers. All the best of me belongs to
her--there is not a talent, or an aspiration or a joy in me that
has not been awakened by her loving touch.”
― Helen Keller, The Story of My Life: With Her Letters (1887 1901) and a Supplementary Account of Her Education Including Passages from the Reports and Letters of Her Teacher Anne Mansfield Sullivan by John Albert Macy

“You have to stand guard over the development and maintenance of Islamic democracy, Islamic social justice and the equality of manhood in your own native soil.”
― Muhammad Ali Jinnah

“In the times of trouble, be like the strong wall. In the times of joy, be like the smiling sun.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“There certainly was some great mismanagement in the education of those two young men. One has got all the goodness, and the other all the appearance of it.”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

“In a word, learning is decontextualized. We break ideas down into tiny pieces that bear no relation to the whole. We give students a brick of information, followed by another brick, followed by another brick, until they are graduated, at which point we assume they have a house. What they have is a pile of bricks, and they don't have it for long.”
― Alfie Kohn, Punished by Rewards: The Trouble with Gold Stars, Incentive Plans, A's, Praise and Other Bribes

“Science is observing truth in the light of head. Religion is observing truth in the light of heart. Humanity is using both the lights. And education is developing that humanity.”
― Amit Ray

“When you study great teachers... you will learn much more from their caring and hard work than from their style.”
― William Glasser

“Most problems of teaching are not problems of growth but helping cultivate growth. As far as I know, and this is only from personal experience in teaching, I think about ninety percent of the problem in teaching, or maybe ninety-eight percent, is just to help the students get interested. Or what it usually amounts to is to not prevent them from being interested. Typically they come in interested, and the process of education is a way of driving that defect out of their minds. But if children['s] ... normal interest is maintained or even aroused, they can do all kinds of things in ways we don't understand.”
― Noam Chomsky

“The learning process is something you can incite, literally incite, like a riot.”
― Audre Lorde

“My education was the liberty I had to read indiscriminately and all the time, with my eyes hanging out.”
― Dylan Thomas

“He believed that lack of education was the root of all of Pakistan’s problems. Ignorance allowed politicians to fool people and bad administrators to be re-elected.”
― Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban

“...madaming teacher sa labas ng eskwelahan. desisyon mo kung kanino ka magpapaturo.”
― Bob Ong, ABNKKBSNPLAKo?!

“There is no wealth like knowledge, no poverty like ignorance.”
― Ali Bin Abi Thalib

“That is the one eternal education: to be sure enough that something is true that you dare to tell it to a child.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“[The public school system is] usually a twelve year sentence of mind control.
Crushing creativity, smashing individualism, encouraging collectivism and
compromise, destroying the exercise of intellectual inquiry, twisting it
instead into meek subservience to authority.”
― Walter Karp

“To expect the unexpected shows a thoroughly modern intellect.”
― Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband

“Those who trust us educate us.”
― George Eliot, Daniel Deronda

“The home environment can undo a lot you try to do at school.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Yeah. Floyd is his batman."
His what?"
Batman, like in the British army, each officer had a batman, a personal servant."
You spend too much time reading, Spenser. You know more stuff that don't make you money than anybody I know.”
― Robert B. Parker, Mortal Stakes

“I must judge for myself, but how can I judge, how can any man judge, unless his mind has been opened and enlarged by reading.”
― John Adams, Diary and Autobiography of John Adams: Volumes 1-4, Diary (1755-1804) and Autobiography

“School has become the world religion of a modernized proletariat, and makes futile promises of salvation to the poor of the technological age.”
― Ivan Illich, Deschooling Society

“Not all men (and especially the wisest) share the opinion that it is bad for women to be educated. But it is very true that many foolish men have claimed this because it displeased them that women knew more than they did.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies

“Freedom of speech is unnecessary if the people to whom it is granted do not think for themselves.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“part of the art of teaching is the ability to rearrange the world for students - to force them to see things in a new way. i've known too many stupid intellectuals to believe that education and wisdom come as a package deal along with facts, it's your perspective that counts - your ability to see differently, not just to see a lot.”
― Sunny Decker, An Empty Spoon

“Because a doubt is not a denial. Doubt is a powerful tool, and it should be applied to history.”
― Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz

“Parents teach children discipline for two different, indeed diametrically opposed, reasons: to render the child submissive to them and to make him independent of them. Only a self-disciplined person can be obedient; and only such a person can be autonomous.”
― Thomas Stephen Szasz

“Throwing herself into learning helped Miri ignore the painful chill of solitude around her.”
― Shannon Hale, Princess Academy

“Were we to confront our creaturehood squarely, how would we propose to educate? The answer, I think is implied in the root of the word education, educe, which means "to draw out." What needs to be drawn out is our affinity for life. That affinity needs opportunities to grow and flourish, it needs to be validated, it needs to be instructed and disciplined, and it needs to be harnessed to the goal of building humane and sustainable societies. Education that builds on our affinity for life would lead to a kind of awakening of possibilities and potentials that lie dormant and unused in the industrial-utilitarian mind. Therefore the task of education, as Dave Forman stated, is to help us 'open our souls to love this glorious, luxuriant, animated, planet.' The good news is that our own nature will help us in the process if we let it.”
― David Orr

“This idea that children won't learn without outside rewards and penalties, or in the debased jargon of the behaviorists, "positive and negative reinforcements," usually becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. If we treat children long enough as if that were true, they will come to believe it is true. So many people have said to me, "If we didn't make children do things, they wouldn't do anything." Even worse, they say, "If I weren't made to do things, I wouldn't do anything."

It is the creed of a slave.”
― John Holt, How Children Fail

“It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll

“You are educated. Your
certification is in your
degree. You may think of
it as the ticket to the good
life. Let me ask you to think of an
alternative. Think of it as your
ticket to change the world.”
― Tom Brokaw

“I leave pansies, the symbolic flower of freethought, in memory of the Great Agnostic, Robert Ingersoll, who stood for equality, education, progress, free ideas and free lives, against the superstition and bigotry of religious dogma. We need men like him today more than ever. His writing still inspires us and challenges the 'better angels' of our nature, when people open their hearts and minds to his simple, honest humanity. Thank goodness he was here.”
― Bruce Springsteen

“While one is young is the time to investigate, to experiment with everything. The school should help its young people to discover their vocations and responsibilities, and not merely cram their minds with facts and technical knowledge; it should be the soil in which they can grow without fear, happily and integrally.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life

“Philosophy is the toil which can never tire persons engaged in it. All ways are strewn with roses, and the farther you go, the more enchanting objects appear before you and invite you on.”
― Lady Mary Wortley Montagu

“To learn something new, take the path that you took yesterday.”
― John Burroughs

“Pick a leader who will keep jobs in your country by offering companies incentives to hire only within their borders, not one who allows corporations to outsource jobs for cheaper labor when there is a national employment crisis. Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Our lives are mere flashes of light in an infinitely empty universe. In 12 years of education the most important lesson I have learned is that what we see as “normal” living is truly a travesty of our potential. In a society so governed by superficiality, appearances, and petty economics, dreams are more real than anything anything in the “real world”. Refuse normalcy. Beauty is everywhere, love is endless, and joy bleeds from our everyday existence. Embrace it. I love all of you, all my friends, family, and community. I am ceaselessly grateful from the bottom of my heart for everyone. The only thing I can ask of you is to stay free of materialism. Remember that every day contains a universe of potential; exhaust it. Live and love so immensely that when death comes there is nothing left for him to take. Wealth is love, music, sports, learning, family and freedom. Above all, stay gold.”
― Dominic Owen Mallary

“Give the pupils something to do, not something to learn; and the doing is of such a nature as to demand thinking; learning naturally results.”
― John Dewey

“To know how to suggest is the art of teaching.”
― Henri Frederic Amiel

“You can present the material, but you can't make me care.”
― Bill Watterson, Homicidal Psycho Jungle Cat

“The educated ones leave, the ones with the potential to right the wrongs. They leave the weak behind. The tyrants continue to reign because the weak cannot resist. Do you not see that it is a cycle? Who will break that cycle?”
― Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Purple Hibiscus

“Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations. Books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage. They have no cause of their own to plead, but while they enlighten and sustain the reader his common sense will not refuse them. Their authors are a natural and irresistible aristocracy in every society, and, more than kings or emperors, exert an influence on mankind.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“The older I grow, the more I am convinced that there is no education which one can get from books and costly apparatus that is equal to that which can be gotten from contact with great men and women.”
― Booker T. Washington

“One learns from books and example only that certain things can be done. Actual learning requires that you do those things.”
― Frank Herbert, Children of Dune

“A capacity, and taste, for reading, gives access to whatever has already been discovered by others. It is the key, or one of the keys, to the already solved problems. And not only so. It gives a relish, and facility, for successfully pursuing the [yet] unsolved ones.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“To be changed by ideas was pure pleasure. But to learn ideas that ran counter to values and beliefs learned at home was to place oneself at risk, to enter the danger zone. Home was the place where I was forced to conform to someone else’s image of who and what I should be. School was the place where I could forget that self and, through ideas, reinvent myself.”
― Bell Hooks

“Those at too great a distance may, I am well are, mistake ignorance for perspective.”
― Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence

“The aim of all Christian education, moreover, is to train the believer in an adult faith that can make him a "new creation", capable of bearing witness in his surroundings to the Christian hope that inspires him.”
― Pope Benedict-XVI, Sacramentum Caritatis: On the Eucharist as the Source and Summit of the Church's Life and Mission

“Any nation that expects to be ignorant and free," Jefferson said, "expects what never was and never will be." And if the gap between the educated and the uneducated in America continues to grow as it is in our time, as fast as or faster than the gap between the rich and the poor, the gap between the educated and the uneducated is going to be of greater consequence and the more serious threat to our way of life. We must not, by any means, misunderstand that.”
― David McCullough

“…it’s not just learning that’s important. It’s learning what to do with what you learn and learning why you learn things that matters.”
― Norton Juster

“Wisdom is nothing more than confirmed imagination: just because one did not study for his exam does not mean that he should leave it blank.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Great poetry needs no interpreter other than a responsive heart.”
― Helen Keller, The Story of My Life: With Her Letters (1887 1901) and a Supplementary Account of Her Education Including Passages from the Reports and Letters of Her Teacher Anne Mansfield Sullivan by John Albert Macy

“For truth to tell, dancing in all its forms cannot be excluded from the curriculum of all noble education: dancing with the feet, with ideas, with words, and, need I add that one must also be able to dance with pen- that one must learn how to write”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols

“People don't want children to know what they need to know. They want their kids to know what they ought to need to know. If you're a teacher you're in a constant battle with mildly deluded adults who think the world will get better if you imagine it is better. You want to teach about sex? Fine, but only when they're old enough to do it. You want to talk politics? Sure, but nothing modern. Religion? So long as you don't actually think about it. Otherwise some furious mob will come to your house and burn you for a witch.”
― Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World

“Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it ought to be done, whether you like it or not. It is the first lesson that ought to be learned and however early a man's training begins, it is probably the last lesson that he learns thoroughly.”
― Thomas Henry Huxley, Collected Essays of Thomas Henry Huxley

“Nobody can decide for himself whether he is going to be a human being. The only question open to him is whether he will be an ignorant undeveloped one or one who has sought to reach the highest point he is capable of attaining.”
― Robert Maynard Hutchins, The Great Conversation: The Substance Of A Liberal Education

“An education is not so much about making a living as making a person.”
― Tara Westover, Educated

“As you can see, there are quite a number of things taught in school that one has to unlearn or at least correct.”
― Ambeth Ocampo, Rizal Without the Overcoat

“Twelve-year-olds are eager to turn everything into arguments but don't have the cognitive skills to win them.”
― Linda Perlstein

“The education of all children, from the moment that they can get along without a mother's care, shall be in state institutions.”
― Karl Marx

“By the time a student gets to college, he's spent a decade curating a bewilderingly diverse resume to prepare for a completely unknowable future. Come what may, he's ready--for nothing in particular.”
― Peter Thiel, Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future

“Strange as it seems, no amount of learning can cure stupidity, and higher education positively fortifies it.”
― Stephen Vizinczey

“Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.”
― Debasish Mridha

“We know – it has been measured in many experiments – that children with strong impulse control grow to be better adjusted, more dependable, achieve higher grades in school and college and have more success in their careers than others. Success depends on the ability to delay gratification, which is precisely what a consumerist culture undermines. At every stage, the emphasis is on the instant gratification of instinct. In the words of the pop group Queen, “I want it all and I want it now.” A whole culture is being infantilised.”
― Jonathan Sacks

“Of all the purposes of education, I think the most useful is this: It prepares you to keep yourself entertained. It gives you a better chance of an interesting job.”
― Roger Ebert

“Prison for the crime of puberty -- that was how secondary school had seemed.”
― David Brin, Earth

“Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely. The real safeguard of democracy, therefore, is education.”
― Franklin D. Roosevelt

“Rewards and punishment is the lowest form of education.”
― Chuang Tzu

“The child intuitively comprehends that although these stories are unreal, they are not untrue ...”
― Bruno Bettelheim, The Uses of Enchantment: The Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales

“The word "education" comes from the root e from ex, out, and duco, I lead. It means a leading out. To me education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul.”
― Muriel Spark, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie

“Segregation shaped me; education liberated me.”
― Maya Angelou

“As adults we choose our own reading material. Depending on our moods and needs we might read the newspaper, a blockbuster novel, an academic article, a women's magazine, a comic, a children's book, or the latest book that just about everyone is reading. No one chastises us for our choice. No one says, 'That's too short for you to read.' No one says, 'That's too easy for you, put it back.' No one says 'You couldn't read that if you tried -- it's much too difficult.'

Yet if we take a peek into classrooms, libraries, and bookshops we will notice that children's choices are often mocked, censured, and denied as valid by idiotic, interfering teachers, librarians, and parents. Choice is a personal matter that changes with experience, changes with mood, and changes with need. We should let it be.”
― Mem Fox, Radical Reflections: Passionate Opinions on Teaching, Learning, and Living

“At the end of your lives you will not be judged by academic successes, the degrees or diplomas earned, the positions held, the material wealth acquired, or power and prestige, but rather on the basis of what you have become as persons and what you are in conduct and character.”
― Howard W. Hunter

“It is also worth noting that one can obtain a Ph.D. in any branch of science for no other purpose than to make cynical use of scientific language in an effort to rationalize the glaring inadequacies of tbe Bible. A handful of Christians appear to have done this; some have even obtained their degrees from reputable universities. No doubt, others will follow in their footsteps. While such people are technically "scientists," they are not behaving like scientists. They simply are not engaged in an honest inquiry into the nature of the universe. And their proclamations about God and the failures of Darwinism do not in the least signify that there is a legitimate scientific controversy about evolution.”
― Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason

“Orang yang baca banyak buku kayak kamu dan menguasai sejarah nggak mungkin bodoh. Kamu cuma sial karena hidup di tempat dan waktu yang salah. Tempat dan waktu ketika kamu dianggap bodoh kalau kamu nggak pintar dalam hal yang namanya sains.”
― Windhy Puspitadewi

“Free curiosity has greater power to stimulate learning than rigorous coercion. Nevertheless, the free ranging flux of curiosity is channeled by discipline under Your Law.”
― St. Augustine of Hippo, Confessions

“Our children are only as brilliant as we allow them to be.”
― Eric Micha'el Leventhal

“Combinatory play seems to be the essential feature in productive thought.”
― Albert Einstein

“I lack formal education. So I'm left with the feeling that I'm smarter than everyone around me but that if I ever got around really smart people—people who went to universities and drank wine and spoke Latin—that they’d be bored as hell by me. It’s a lonely way to go through life.”
― Gillian Flynn, The Grownup

“What is the most important thing one learns in school? Self-esteem, support, and friendship.”
― Terry Tempest Williams, Pieces of White Shell

“If you teach a boy, you educate an individual; but if you teach a girl, you educate a community.”
― Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan

“I realize that some of you may have come in hopes of hearing tips on how to
become a professional writer. I say to you, "If you really want to hurt your
parents, and you don't have the nerve to be a homosexual, the least you can
do is go into the arts. But do not use semicolons. They are transvestite
hermaphrodites, standing for absolutely nothing. All they do is show you've
been to college.”
― Kurt Vonnegut

“Spend the years of learning squandering
Courage for the years of wandering
Through a world politely turning
From the loutishness of learning.”
― Samuel Beckett, Collected Poems in English and French

“Someday, I hope that we will all be patriots of our planet and not just of our respective nations.”
― Zoe Weil, Most Good, Least Harm: A Simple Principle for a Better World and Meaningful Life

“Only a very few can be learned, but all can be Christian, all can be devout, and – I shall boldly add – all can be theologians.”
― Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus

“Most people know nothing about learning; many despise it. Dummies reject as too hard whatever is not dumb.”
― Thomas More, Utopia

“Being able to "go beyond the information" given to "figure things out" is one of the few untarnishable joys of life. One of the great triumphs of learning (and of teaching) is to get things organised in your head in a way that permits you to know more than you "ought" to. And this takes reflection, brooding about what it is that you know. The enemy of reflection is the breakneck pace - the thousand pictures.”
― Jerome S. Bruner, The Culture of Education

“I'm a Prince of Wales Trust ambassador, so I'm all about giving youth an education, a voice and a chance to not take the wrong road.”
― Benedict Cumberbatch

“Wrote my way out of the hood...thought my way out of poverty! Don't tell me that knowledge isn't power. Education changes everything.”
― Brandi L. Bates

“I ran across an excerpt today (in English translation) of some dialogue/narration from the modern popular writer, Paulo Coelho in his book: Aleph.(Note: bracketed text is mine.)... 'I spoke to three scholars,' [the character says 'at last.'] ...two of them said that, after death, the [sic (misprint, fault of the publisher)] just go to Paradise. The third one, though, told me to consult some verses from the Koran. [end quote]' ...I can see that he's excited. [narrator]' ...Now I have many positive things to say about Coelho: He is respectable, inspiring as a man, a truth-seeker, and an appealing writer; but one should hesitate to call him a 'literary' writer based on this quote. A 'literary' author knows that a character's excitement should be 'shown' in his or her dialogue and not in the narrator's commentary on it. Advice for Coelho: Remove the 'I can see that he's excited' sentence and show his excitement in the phrasing of his quote.(Now, in defense of Coelho, I am firmly of the opinion, having myself written plenty of prose that is flawed, that a novelist should be forgiven for slipping here and there.)Lastly, it appears that a belief in reincarnation is of great interest to Mr. Coelho ... Just think! He is a man who has achieved, (as Leonard Cohen would call it), 'a remote human possibility.' He has won lots of fame and tons of money. And yet, how his preoccupation with reincarnation—none other than an interest in being born again as somebody else—suggests that he is not happy!”
― Roman Payne

“Pick a leader who will not only bail out banks and airlines, but also families from losing their homes -- or jobs due to their companies moving to other countries. Pick a leader who will fund schools, not limit spending on education and allow libraries to close. Pick a leader who chooses diplomacy over war. An honest broker in foreign relations. A leader with integrity, one who says what they mean, keeps their word and does not lie to their people. Pick a leader who is strong and confident, yet humble. Intelligent, but not sly. A leader who encourages diversity, not racism. One who understands the needs of the farmer, the teacher, the doctor, and the environmentalist -- not only the banker, the oil tycoon, the weapons developer, or the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If you hate violence and don't believe in politics, the only major remedy remaining is education.”
― George Orwell, A Collection of Essays

“I was taught that I had to 'master' subjects. But who can 'master' beauty, or peace, or joy?”
― Kathleen Norris, The Psalms with Commentary

“Most doctors are prisoners of their education and shackled by their profession.”
― Richard Diaz

“I don't tell you this story today in order to encourage all of you in the class of '04 to find careers in the music business, but rather to suggest what the next decade of your lives is likely to be about, and that is, trying to ensure that you don't wake up at 32 or 35 or 40 tenured to a life that happened to you when you weren't paying strict attention, either because the money was good, or it made your parents proud, or because you were unlucky enough to discover an aptitude for the very thing that bores you to tears, or for any of the other semi-valid reasons people marshal to justify allowing the true passion of their lives to leak away. If you're lucky, you may have more than one chance to get things right, but second and third chances, like second and third marriages, can be dicey propositions, and they don't come with guarantees.... The question then is this: How does a person keep from living the wrong life?”
― Richard Russo

“Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms, those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny; and it is believed that the most effectual means of preventing this would be, to illuminate, as far as practicable, the minds of the people at large...”
― Thomas Jefferson, Jefferson: Public and Private Papers

“Teachers are the one and only people who save nations.”
― Mustafa Kemal Atatürk

“Our great mistake in education is, as it seems to me, the worship of book-learning–the confusion of instruction and education. We strain the memory instead of cultivating the mind. The children in our elementary schools are wearied by the mechanical act of writing, and the interminable intricacies of spelling; they are oppressed by columns of dates, by lists of kings and places, which convey no definite idea to their minds, and have no near relation to their daily wants and occupations; while in our public schools the same unfortunate results are produced by the weary monotony of Latin and Greek grammar. We ought to follow exactly the opposite course with children–to give them a wholesome variety of mental food, and endeavor to cultivate their tastes, rather than to fill their minds with dry facts. The important thing is not so much that every child should be taught, as that every child should be given the wish to learn. What does it matter if the pupil know a little more or a little less? A boy who leaves school knowing much, but hating his lessons, will soon have forgotten almost all he ever learned; while another who had acquired a thirst for knowledge, even if he had learned little, would soon teach himself more than the first ever knew.”
― John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life

“In order to be a teacher you've got to be a student first”
― Gary L. Francione

“Were all instructors to realize that the quality of mental process, not the production of correct answers, is the measure of educative growth something hardly less than a revolution in teaching would be worked.”
― John Dewey, Democracy and Education

“The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.”
― Sydney J. Harris

“If you want to teach your children that they are the tools of God, you had better not teach them that they are God's rifles, or we will have to stand firmly opposed to you: your doctrine has no glory, no special rights, no intrinsic and inalienable merit. If you insist on teaching your children false-hoods—that the Earth is flat, that "Man" is not a product of evolution by natural selection—then you must expect, at the very least, that those of us who have freedom of speech will feel free to describe your teachings as the spreading of falsehoods, and will attempt to demonstrate this to your children at our earliest opportunity. Our future well-being—the well-being of all of us on the planet—depends on the education of our descendants.”
― Daniel C. Dennett, Darwin's Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the Meanings of Life

“The most effective kind of education is that a child should play amongst lovely things.”
― Plato

“When you wage war on the public schools, you're attacking the mortar that holds the community together. You're not a conservative, you're a vandal.”
― Garrison Keillor, Homegrown Democrat: A Few Plain Thoughts from the Heart of America

“For in spite of itself any movement that thinks and acts in terms of an ‘ism becomes so involved in reaction against other ‘isms that it is unwittingly controlled by them. For it then forms its principles by reaction against them instead of by a comprehensive, constructive survey of actual needs, problems, and possibilities.”
― John Dewey

“Everywhere I go, I am asked if I think university stifles writers. My opinion is that it doesn't stifle enough of them.”
― Flannery O'Connor

“Untilled ground, however rich, will bring forth thistles and thorns; so also the mind of man.”
― St. Teresa of Avila

“We want one class of persons to have a liberal education, and we want another class of persons, a very much larger class of necessity in every society, to forgo the privilege of a liberal education and fit themselves to perform specific difficult manual tasks.”
― Woodrow Wilson

“I used my history degree about twice a year whether I needed to or not.”
― Patricia Briggs, River Marked

“A child whose life is full of the threat and fear of punishment is locked into babyhood. There is no way for him to grow up, to learn to take responsibility for his life and acts. Most important of all, we should not assume that having to yield to the threat of our superior force is good for the child's character. It is never good for anyone's character.”
― John Holt

“Upon the subject of education, not presuming to dictate any plan or system respecting it, I can only say that I view it as the most important subject which we as a people can be engaged in.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Not all readers become leaders, but all leaders must be readers.”
― Harry Truman

“Ignorance is ultimately the worst enemy of a people who want to be free.”
― Jonathan Hennessey, The United States Constitution: A Graphic Adaptation

“A lecture has been well described as the process whereby the notes of the teacher become the notes of the student without passing through the mind of either.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Bestselling Guide to Reading Books and Accessing Information

“All that I've learned, I've forgotten. The little that I still know, I've guessed.”
― Sebastien-Roch-Nicolas Chamfort

“I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.”
― Debasish Mridha

“If you want to use television to teach somebody, you must first teach
them how to use television.”
― Umberto Eco

“Perfect love has a breath of poetry which can exalt the relations of the least-instructed human beings.”
― George Eliot, Silas Marner

“You will never know what you are doing until and unless you have done it.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“A child's education should begin at least 100 years before he was born.”
― Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.

“One of these grand defects, as I humbly conceive, is this, that children are habituated to learning without understanding.”
― Jonathan Edwards, The Works of Jonathan Edwards, Vol. 16: Letters and Personal Writings

“I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice. That's what I call a liberal education.”
― Tallulah Bankhead

“No wonder so many adults long to return to university, to all those deadlines--ahhh, that structure! Scaffolding to which we may cling! Even if it is arbitrary, without it, we're lost, wholly incapable of separating the Romantic from the Victorian in our sad, bewildering lives...”
― Marisha Pessl, Special Topics in Calamity Physics

“The success of my rule does not rely on my ability to recite obscure Latin verse.”
― Sherry Thomas, The Burning Sky

“Yo no estudio para escribir, ni menos para enseñar (que fuera en mí desmedida soberbia), sino sólo por ver si con estudiar ignoro menos. Así lo respondo y así lo siento.”
― Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, The Answer & La Respuesta

“Act as if it was, and it will be.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“The most erroneous assumption is to the effect that the aim of public education is to fill the young of the species with knowledge and awaken their intelligence, and so make them fit to discharge the duties of citizenship in an enlightened and independent manner. Nothing could be further from the truth. The aim of public education is not to spread enlightenment at all; it is simply to reduce as many individuals as possible to the same safe level, to breed and train a standardized citizenry, to put down dissent and originality. That is its aim in the United States, whatever the pretensions of politicians, pedagogues and other such mountebanks, and that is its aim everywhere else.”
― H.L. Mencken

“The home is the first and most effective place to learn the lessons of life: truth, honor, virtue, self control, the value of education, honest work, and the purpose and privilege of life. Nothing can take the place of home in rearing and teaching children, and no other success can compensate for failure in the home.”
― David O. McKay

“Being a role model is the most powerful form of educating...too often fathers neglect it because they get so caught up in making a living they forget to make a life.”
― John Wooden, Wooden: A Lifetime of Observations and Reflections On and Off the Court

“The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.”
― Herbert Spencer

“The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life”
― Plato

“Teach your scholar to observe the phenomena of nature; you will soon rouse his curiosity, but if you would have it grow, do not be in too great a hurry to satisfy this curiosity. Put the problems before him and let him solve them himself. Let him know nothing because you have told him, but because he has learnt it for himself. Let him not be taught science, let him discover it. If ever you substitute authority for reason he will cease to reason; he will be a mere plaything of other people's thoughts.”
― Jean-Jacques Rousseau

“Thought breeds thought; children familiar with great thoughts take as naturally to thinking for themselves as the well-nourished body takes to growing; and we must bear in mind that growth, physical, intellectual, moral, spiritual, is the sole end of education.”
― Charlotte Mason, The Original Home Schooling Series by Charlotte Mason

“An educator should consider that he has failed in his job if he has not succeeded in instilling some trace of a divine dissatisfaction with our miserable social environment. ”
― Anthony Standen

“In a properly automated and educated world, then, machines may prove to be the true humanizing influence. It may be that machines will do the work that makes life possible and that human beings will do all the other things that make life pleasant and worthwhile ”
― Isaac Asimov, Robot Visions

“Education isn't for getting a job. It's about developing yourself as a human being.”
― Liz Berry, The China Garden

“I had hundreds of books under my skin already. Not selected reading, all of it. Some of it could be called trashy. I had been through Nick Carter, Horatio Alger, Bertha M. Clay and the whole slew of dime novelists in addition to some really constructive reading. I do not regret the trash. It has harmed me in no way. It was a help, because acquiring the reading habit early is the important thing. Taste and natural development will take care of the rest later on.”
― Zora Neale Hurston, Dust Tracks on a Road

“As in the political sphere, the child is taught that he is free, a democrat, with a free will and a free mind, lives in a free country, makes his own decisions. At the same time he is a prisoner of the assumptions and dogmas of his time, which he does not question, because he has never been told they exist. By the time a young person has reached the age when he has to choose (we still take it for granted that a choice is inevitable) between the arts and the sciences, he often chooses the arts because he feels that here is humanity, freedom, choice. He does not know that he is already moulded by a system: he does not know that the choice itself is the result of a false dichotomy rooted in the heart of our culture. Those who do sense this, and who don't wish to subject themselves to further moulding, tend to leave, in a half-unconscious, instinctive attempt to find work where they won't be divided against themselves. With all our institutions, from the police force to academia, from medicine to politics, we give little attention to the people who leave—that process of elimination that goes on all the time and which excludes, very early, those likely to be original and reforming, leaving those attracted to a thing because that is what they are already like. A young policeman leaves the Force saying he doesn't like what he has to do. A young teacher leaves teaching, here idealism snubbed. This social mechanism goes almost unnoticed—yet it is as powerful as any in keeping our institutions rigid and oppressive.”
― Doris Lessing

“The COUNTRY is controlled by LAWS>
LAWS are controlled by POLITICIANS>
POLITICIANS are controlled by VOTERS>
VOTERS are controlled by PUBLIC OPINION>
PUBLIC OPINION is controlled by the MEDIA (News, Hollywood, Internet...) & EDUCATION

so. whoever controls MEDIA & EDUCATION, controls the COUNTRY.”
― William J Federer, Change to Chains-The 6,000 Year Quest for Control -Volume I-Rise of the Republic

“Is it too much to expect from the schools that they train their students not only to interpret but to criticize; that is, to discriminate what is sound from error and falsehood, to suspend judgement if they are not convinced, or to judge with reason if they agree or disagree?”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Bestselling Guide to Reading Books and Accessing Information

“To quote the exceptional teacher Marva Collins, "I will is more important than IQ." It is wonderful to have a terrific mind, but it's been my experience that having outstanding intelligence is a very small part of the total package that leads to success and happiness. Discipline, hard work, perserverance, and generosity of spirit are, in the final analysis, far more important.”
― Rafe Esquith, There Are No Shortcuts

“If I had to make a general rule for living and working with children, it might be this: be wary of saying or doing anything to a child that you would not do to another adult, whose good opinion and affection you valued.”
― John Holt

“What we're learning in our schools is not the wisdom of life. We're learning technologies, we're getting information. There's a curious reluctance on the part of faculties to indicate the life values of their subjects.”
― Joseph Campbell

“Veganism is an act of nonviolent defiance. It is our statement that we reject the notion that animals are things and that we regard sentient nonhumans as moral persons with the fundamental moral right not to be treated as the property or resources of humans.”
― GaryLFrancione

“It is my belief...that the talents every child has, regardless of his official 'I.Q,' could stay with him through life, to enrich him and everybody else, if these talents were not regarded as commodities with a value in the success-stakes.”
― Doris Lessing

“Ethical veganism represents a commitment to nonviolence.”
― GaryLFrancione

“No school can supply an anti-liberal education, or a fascist education, as these terms are contradictory. Liberalism and education are one.”
― George Seldes

“Is he well educated?"
"Yes, I think so, as far as he's gone," I answered. "Of course he will go on being educated every day of his life, same as father. He says it is all rot about 'finishing' your education. You never do. You learn more important things each day...”
― Gene Stratton-Porter, Laddie: A True Blue Story

“Night clubs are where Americans learn the laws of motion.”
― Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic

“I don’t think people realise how vital libraries are or what a colossal danger it would be if we were to lose any more. Having had a truncated school life myself, all of my education from the age of 17 has been self-taught. I wouldn’t be the person I am today if it wasn’t for the opportunities the library gave me.”
― Alan Moore

“We need to eliminate the concept of division by class, skills, race, income, religion, and nationality. Every human requires food and water to survive and every human has a heart that bleeds, loves, and grieves.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.”
― Debasish Mridha

“As a teacher of fourth-graders in a public school, where corporal punishement was not allowed, she had years of violence stored up and was, truth be told, sort of enjoying letting it out on Kona, who she felt could have been the poster child for the failure of public education.”
― Christopher Moore, Fluke: Or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings

“Your sweet thank-you touches my heart, take my breath away, my only love. This day is only I have got.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“I have often reflected upon the new vistas that reading opened to me. I knew right there, in prison, that reading had changed forever the course of my life. As I see it today, the ability to read awoke inside me some long dormant craving to be mentally alive. I certainly wasn’t seeking any degree, the way a college confers a status symbol upon its students. My home made education gave me, with every additional book that I read, a little bit more sensitivity to the deafness, dumbness, and blindness that was afflicting the black race in America. Not long ago, an English writer telephoned me from London asking questions. One was, “What’s your alma mater?” I told him, “Books.” You will never catch me with a free fifteen minutes in which I’m not studying something I feel might be able to help the black man.”
― Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X

“In order to align your life choices with your values, you will need to inquire about the effects of your actions (and inactions) on yourself and others. Although we are always stumbling upon new knowledge that shifts our choices and life direction, bringing conscious inquiry to life means that we continually ask questions that lead us to the information we need to make thoughtful decisions. Asking questions is liberating because we develop great understanding and discover more choices with our new knowledge.”
― Zoe Weil, Most Good, Least Harm: A Simple Principle for a Better World and Meaningful Life

“Whenever you read a good book, somewhere in the world a door opens to allow in more light.”
― Vera Nazarian

“I began my studies with eagerness. Before me I saw a new world opening in beauty and light, and I felt within me the capacity to know all things. In the wonderland of Mind I should be as free as another [with sight and hearing]. Its people, scenery, manners, joys, and tragedies should be living tangible interpreters of the real world. The lecture halls seemed filled with the spirit of the great and wise, and I thought the professors were the embodiment of wisdom... But I soon discovered that college was not quite the romantic lyceum I had imagined. Many of the dreams that had delighted my young inexperience became beautifully less and "faded into the light of common day." Gradually I began to find that there were disadvantages in going to college. The one I felt and still feel most is lack of time. I used to have time to think, to reflect, my mind and I. We would sit together of an evening and listen to the inner melodies of the spirit, which one hears only in leisure moments when the words of some loved poet touch a deep, sweet chord in the soul that until then had been silent. But in college there is no time to commune with one's thoughts. One goes to college to learn, it seems, not to think. When one enters the portals of learning, one leaves the dearest pleasures – solitude, books and imagination – outside with the whispering pines. I suppose I ought to find some comfort in the thought that I am laying up treasures for future enjoyment, but I am improvident enough to prefer present joy to hoarding riches against a rainy day.”
― Helen Keller, The Story of My Life: With Her Letters (1887 1901) and a Supplementary Account of Her Education Including Passages from the Reports and Letters of Her Teacher Anne Mansfield Sullivan by John Albert Macy

“The question is not, -- how much does the youth know? when he has finished his education -- but how much does he care? and about how many orders of things does he care? In fact, how large is the room in which he finds his feet set? and, therefore, how full is the life he has before him?”
― Charlotte Mason, School Education: Developing A Curriculum

“Philosophers have long conceded, however, that every man has two educators: 'that which is given to him, and the other that which he gives himself. Of the two kinds the latter is by far the more desirable. Indeed all that is most worthy in man he must work out and conquer for himself. It is that which constitutes our real and best nourishment. What we are merely taught seldom nourishes the mind like that which we teach ourselves.”
― Carter G. Woodson, The Mis-Education of the Negro

“Education does not mean teaching people what they do not know. It means teaching them to behave as they do not behave.”
― John Ruskin

“My idea of good company, Mr. Eliot, is the company of clever, well-informed people who have a great deal of conversation; that is what I call good company.”
― Jane Austen, Persuasion

“Don't try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it.”
― Russell Baker

“I imagine that one of the biggest troubles with colleges is there are too many distractions, too much panty-raiding, fraternities, and boola-boola and all of that.”
― Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X

“Entirely in accordance with what education is supposed to be. Education is the sum of what students teach each other in between lectures and seminars. You sit in each other's rooms and drink coffee - I suppose it would be vodka and Red Bull now - you share enthusiasms, you talk a lot of wank about politics, religion, art and the cosmos and then you go to bed, alone or together according to taste. I mean, how else do you learn anything, how else do you take your mind for a walk?”
― Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles

“Some people get an education without going to college. The rest get it after they get out.”
― Mark Twain

“Children are notoriously curious about everything, everything except... the things people want them to know. It then remains for us to refrain from forcing any kind of knowledge upon them, and they will be curious about everything.”
― Floyd Dell

“Education...beyond all other devices of human origin, is a great equalizer of conditions of men --the balance wheel of the social machinery...It does better than to disarm the poor of their hostility toward the rich; it prevents being poor.”
― Horace Mann

“The universe never complains.
When you're wrong or right,
She always loves and cares,
She always gives and shares.
When you get lost she becomes the light,
Helps you to find what is right.
But she never forgets
To show you the light.”
― Debasish Mridha M.D.

“I want to oppose the idea that the school has to teach directly that special knowledge and those accomplishments which one has to use later directly in life. The demands of life are much too manifold to let such a specialized training in school appear possible [...] The development of general ability for independent thinking and judgement should always be placed foremost.”
― Albert Einstein

“If someone who wanted to learn to dance were to say: For centuries, one generation after the other has learned the positions, and it is high time that I take advantage of this and promptly begin with the quadrille--people would presumably laugh a little at him, but in the world of spirit this is very plausible. What, then, is education? I believed it is the course the individual goes through in order to catch up with himself, and the person who will not go through this course is not much helped by being born in the most enlightened age.”
― Kierkegaard Soren

“Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“But a mountain of recent evidence suggests that teacher skill has less influence on a student's performance than a completely different set of factors: namely, how much kids have learned from their parents, how hard they work at home, and whether the parents have instilled an appetite for education.”
― Steven D. Levitt, Think Like a Freak

“There are only three ways to teach a child. The first is by example, the second is by example, the third is by example.”
― Albert Schweitzer

“The goal of education is to enable individuals to continue their education.”
― John Dewey

“All of us must cross the line between ignorance and insight many times before we truly understand.”
― David Hawkins

“I am a machine condemned to devour books.”
― Karl Marx

“Education: learning to find your purpose. Upon finding your purpose: what did I learn?”
― Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic

“A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Have faith that your child's brain is an evolving planet that rotates at its own speed. It will naturally be attracted to or repel certain subjects. Be patient. Just as there are ugly ducklings that turn into beautiful swans, there are rebellious kids and slow learners that turn into serious innovators and hardcore intellectuals.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“What do teachers and curriculum directors mean by 'value' reading? A look at the practice of most schools suggests that when a school 'values' reading what it really means is that the school intensely focuses on raising state-mandated reading test scores- the kind of reading our students will rarely, if ever, do in adulthood.”
― Kelly Gallagher, Readicide: How Schools Are Killing Reading and What You Can Do About It

“All it takes for generosity to flow is awareness. By actively pursuing awareness and knowledge, we can make choices that cause less harm and greater good to others in the global community of our shared earth.”
― Zoe Weil, Most Good, Least Harm: A Simple Principle for a Better World and Meaningful Life

“Most of my friends from Columbia are going on to get advanced degrees. And why not? A Ph.D. is the new M.A., a master's is the new bachelor's, a B.A. is the new high school diploma, and a high school diploma is the new smiley-face sticker on your first-grade spelling test.”
― Megan McCafferty, Fourth Comings

“It amazes me when education, religion and family values fail to create a human being.”
― Anum Sattar

“If it is believed that these elementary schools will be better managed by the governor and council or any other general authority of the government, than by the parents within each ward, it is a belief against all experience.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“The stubborn critic would say: 'What is the benefit of these sciences?' He does not know the virtue that distinguishes mankind from all the animals: it is knowledge, in general, which is pursued solely by man, and which is pursued for the sake of knowledge itself, because its acquisition is truly delightful, and is unlike the pleasures desirable from other pursuits. For the good cannot be brought forth, and evil cannot be avoided, except by knowledge. What benefit then is more vivid? What use is more abundant?”
― Abu Rayhan al-Biruni

“Human resources are like natural resources; they're often buried deep. You have to go looking for them, they're not just lying around on the surface. You have to create the circumstances where they show themselves.”
― Ken Robinson

“Admission of ignorance is often the first step in our education.”
― Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change

“Intelligence and education that hasn't been tempered by human affection isn't worth a damn.”
― Daniel Keyes

“For every one pupil who needs to be guarded against a weak excess of sensibility there are three who need to be awakened from the slumber of cold vulgarity. The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles but to irrigate deserts. The right defence against false sentiments is to inculcate just sentiments. By starving the sensibility of our pupils we only make them easier prey to the propagandist when he comes. For famished nature will be avenged and a hard heart is no infallible protection against a soft head.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man

“An eternal question about children is, how should we educate them? Politicians and educators consider more school days in a year, more science and math, the use of computers and other technology in the classroom, more exams and tests, more certification for teachers, and less money for art. All of these responses come from the place where we want to make the child into the best adult possible, not in the ancient Greek sense of virtuous and wise, but in the sense of one who is an efficient part of the machinery of society. But on all these counts, soul is neglected.”
― Thomas Moore

“Too often we give children answers to remember rather than problems to solve.”
― Roger Lewin

“No mathematician in the world would bother making these senseless distinctions: 2 1/2 is a "mixed number " while 5/2 is an "improper fraction." They're EQUAL for crying out loud. They are the exact same numbers and have the exact same properties. Who uses such words outside of fourth grade?”
― Paul Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form

“One of the penalties of an ecological education is that one lives alone in a world of wounds.”
― Aldo Leopold

“The philosophy of the schoolroom in one generation is the philosophy of government in the next.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Was not Hypatia the greatest philosopher of Alexandria, and a true martyr to the old values of learning? She was torn to pieces by a mob of incensed Christians not because she was a woman, but because her learning was so profound, her skills at dialectic so extensive that she reduced all who queried her to embarrassed silence. They could not argue with her, so they murdered her.”
― Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio

“The problem in our society and in our schools is to inclulcate, without overdoing it, the notion of education, as in the Latin educere--to lead, to bring out what is in someone rather than merely to indoctrinate him/her from the outside. (89)”
― Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor

“Decide that you like college life. In your dorm you meet many nice people. Some are smarter than you. And some, you notice, are dumber than you. You will continue, unfortunately, to view the world in exactly these terms for the rest of your life.”
― Lorrie Moore, Self-Help

“There is no such thing as educational value in the abstract. The notion that some subjects and methods and that acquaintance with certain facts and truths possess educational value in and of themselves is the reason why traditional education reduced the material of education so largely to a diet of predigested materials.”
― John Dewey, Experience and Education

“A homeless man visited my store today. The few quarters that he had in his pocket he invested on books. I offered him free books, but he insisted on giving me his quarters. He walked away filled with joy as if he possessed the world's riches in his hands. In a way, he did. He left me smiling and knowing that he was wealthier than many others... (01-21-10)”
― Besa Kosova, Raindrops

“I learned to dream through reading, learned to create dreams through writing, and learned to develop dreamers through teaching. I shall always be a dreamer.”
― Sharon Draper

“It has been discovered that with a dull urban population, all formed under a mechanical system of State education, a suggestion or command, however senseless and unreasoned, will be obeyed if it be sufficiently repeated.”
― Hilaire Belloc, An Essay on the Restoration of Property

“We shall never learn to feel and respect our real calling and destiny, unless we have taught ourselves to consider every thing as moonshine, compared with the education of the heart.”
― Sir Walter Scott

“I urge you to examine in your own mind the assumptions which must lay behind using the police power to insist that once-sovereign spirits have no choice but to submit to being schooled by strangers.”
― John Taylor Gatto

“An English writer telephoned me from London, asking questions. One was, ‘What’s your alma mater?’ I told him, ‘Books.”
― Malcolm X

“Only one who has learned much can fully appreciate his ignorance.”
― Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man

“I've never done acid, finding it hard to go willingly to a place that could be frightening, hellish, and totally beyond my control. A place much like high school.”
― Libba Bray

“When mother-cow is chewing grass its young ones watch its mouth”
― Chinua Achebe , Things Fall Apart

“It is among the commonplaces of education that we often first cut off the living root and then try to replace its natural functions by artificial means. Thus we suppress the child's curiosity and then when he lacks a natural interest in learning he is offered special coaching for his scholastic coaching for his scholastic difficulties.”
― Alice Duer Miller

“We are in the school [or mortality] and keep learning and we do not expect to cease learning while we live on earth; and when we pass through the veil, we expect still to continue to learn and increase our fund of information.”
― David A. Bednar

“Truth persuades by teaching, but does not teach by persuading.”
― Quintus Septimius Tertullianus

“Most often people seek in life occasions for persisting in their opinions rather than for educating themselves.”
― André Gide, Pretexts;: Reflections on literature and morality

“It is notorious that the news of the Emancipation Proclamation was kept from the people of Texas and not celebrated until 'Juneteenth'. There may be those in Texas now who believe they can insulate their state—a state that had its own courageous revolution—from the news of evolution and from the writing in 1786 of a Constitution that refuses to mention religion except when demarcating and limiting its role in the public square. But we promise them today that they will join their fore-runners in the flat-earth community, and in the mad clerical clique of those who believed that the sun revolved around the earth. Yes, they will be in schoolbooks—as a joke on the epic scale of William Jennings Bryan. We shall be fair, and take care to ensure that their tale is told.”
― Christopher Hitchens

“Because most of the girls were still in mourning and all of them had lost their textbooks, even pencils and pens, Shaukat Ali began the first classes by reading to them from poetry and religious texts. "Reading, literature, and spirituality are good for the soul," he told them. "So we will start with these studies.”
― Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan

“In the Reggio Emilia preschools, however, each child is viewed as infinitely capable, creative, and intelligent. The job of the teacher is to support these qualities and to challenge children in appropriate ways so that they develop fully.”
― Louise Boyd Cadwell, Bringing Reggio Emilia Home: An Innovative Approach to Early Childhood Education

“I don't do what I'm doing to fight terror. ... I do it because I care about kids. Fighting terror is maybe seventh or eighth on my list of priorities. But working over there, I've learned a few things. I've learned that terror doesn't happen because some group of people somewhere like Pakistan or Afghanistan simply decide to hate us. It happens because children aren't being offered a bright enough future that they have a reason to choose life over death.”
― Greg Mortenson, Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace ... One School at a Time

“If we can't think for ourselves, if we're unwilling to question authority, then we're just putty in the hands of those in power. But if the citizens are educated and form their own opinions, then those in power work for us. In every country, we should be teaching our children the scientific method and the reasons for a Bill of Rights. With it comes a certain decency, humility and community spirit. In the demon-haunted world that we inhabit by virtue of being human, this may be all that stands between us and the enveloping darkness.”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“It still remains unrecognised, that to bring a child into existence without a fair prospect of being able, not only to provide food for its body, but instruction and training for its mind, is a moral crime, both against the unfortunate offspring and against society; and that if the parent does not fulfil this obligation, the State ought to see it fulfilled, at the charge, as far as possible, of the parent.”
― John Stuart Mill, On Liberty

“Teachers have three loves: love of learning, love of learners, and the love of bringing the first two loves together.”
― Scott Hayden

“Me, and thousands of others in this country like me, are half-baked, because we were never allowed to complete our schooling. Open our skulls, look in with a penlight, and you'll find an odd museum of ideas: sentences of history or mathematics remembered from school textbooks (no boy remembers his schooling like the one who was taken out of school, let me assure you), sentences about politics read in a newspaper while waiting for someone to come to an office, triangles and pyramids seen on the torn pages of the old geometry textbooks which every tea shop in this country uses to wrap its snacks in, bits of All India Radio news bulletins, things that drop into your mind, like lizards from the ceiling, in the half hour before falling asleep--all these ideas, half formed and half digested and half correct, mix up with other half-cooked ideas in your head, and I guess these half-formed ideas bugger one another, and make more half-formed ideas, and this is what you act on and live with.”
― Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger

“I want my children to understand the world, but not just because the world is fascinating and the human mind is curious. I want them to understand it so that they will be positioned to make it a better place”
― Howard Gardner

“We can best help children learn, not by deciding what we think they should learn and thinking of ingenious ways to teach it to them, but by making the world, as far as we can, accessible to them, paying serious attention to what they do, answering their questions -- if they have any -- and helping them explore the things they are most interested in.”
― john holt

“There are times when I long to sweep away half the things I am expected to learn; for the overtaxed mind cannot enjoy the treasure it has secured at the greatest cost. ... When one reads hurriedly and nervously, having in mind written tests and examinations, one's brain becomes encumbered with a lot of bric-a-brac for which there seems to be little use. At the present time my mind is so full of heterogeneous matter that I almost despair of ever being able to put it in order. Whenever I enter the region of my mind I feel like the proverbial bull in the china shop. A thousand odds and ends of knowledge come crashing about my head like hailstones, and when I try to escape them, theme goblins and college nixies of all sorts pursue me, until I wish – oh, may I be forgiven the wicked wish! – that I might smash the idols I came to worship.”
― Helen Keller, The Story of My Life: With Her Letters (1887 1901) and a Supplementary Account of Her Education Including Passages from the Reports and Letters of Her Teacher Anne Mansfield Sullivan by John Albert Macy

“Education leads to enlightenment. Enlightenment opens the way to empathy. Empathy foreshadows reform.”
― Derrick A. Bell, Faces at the Bottom of the Well: The Permanence of Racism

“I am convinced that there are genuine and valid levels of perception available with cannabis (and probably with other drugs) which are, through the defects of our society and our educational system, un-available to us without such drugs.”
― Lester Grinspoon, Marihuana Reconsidered

“Education is the movement from darkness to light.”
― Allan Bloom

“All over the world there are enormous numbers of smart, even gifted, people who harbor a passion for science. But that passion is unrequited. Surveys suggest that some 95 percent of Americans are “scientifically illiterate.” That’s just the same fraction as those African Americans, almost all of them slaves, who were illiterate just before the Civil War—when severe penalties were in force for anyone who taught a slave to read. Of course there’s a degree of arbitrariness about any determination of illiteracy, whether it applies to language or to science. But anything like 95 percent illiteracy is extremely serious.”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“What is the matter with universities is that the students are school children, whereas it is of the very essence of university education that they should be adults.”
― George Bernard Shaw, Misalliance

“Promote, then, as an object of primary importance, institutions for the general diffusion of knowledge. In proportion as the structure of a government gives force to public opinion, it is essential that public opinion should be enlightened.”
― George Washington, George Washington's Farewell Address

“I have an unshaken conviction that democracy can never be undermined if we maintain our library resources and a national intelligence capable of utilizing them."

[Letter to Herbert Putnam; in: Waters, Edward N.: Herbert Putnam: the tallest little man in the world; Quarterly Journal of the Library of Congress 33:2 (April 1976), p. 171]”
― Franklin Delano Roosevelt

“New Rule: Just because a country elects a smart president doesn't make it a smart country. A couple of weeks ago, I was asked on CNN if I thought Sarah Palin could get elected president, and I said I hope not, but I wouldn't put anything past this stupid country. Well, the station was flooded with emails, and the twits hit the fan. And you could tell that these people were really mad, because they wrote entirely in CAPITAL LETTERS!!! Worst of all, Bill O'Reilly refuted my contention that this is a stupid country by calling me a pinhead, which (a) proves my point, and (b) is really funny coming from a doody-face like him.

Now, before I go about demonstration how, sadly, easy it is to prove the dumbness that's dragging us down, let me just say that ignorance has life-and-death consequences. On the eve of the Iraq War, seventy percent of Americans thought Saddam Hussein was personally involved in 9/11. Six years later, thirty-four percent still do. Or look at the health-care debate: At a recent town hall meeting in South Carolina, a man stood up and told his congressman to "keep your government hands off my Medicare," which is kind of like driving cross-country to protest highways.

This country is like a college chick after two Long Island iced teas: We can be talked into anything, like wars, and we can be talked out of anything, like health care. We should forget the town halls, and replace them with study halls.

Listen to some of these stats: A majority of Americans cannot name a single branch of government, or explain what the Bill of Rights is. Twenty-four percent could not name the country America fought in the Revolutionary War. More than two-thirds of Americans don't know what's in Roe v. Wade. Two-thirds don't know what the Food and Drug Administration does. Some of this stuff you should be able to pick up simply by being alive. You know, like the way the Slumdog kid knew about cricket.

Not here. Nearly half of Americans don't know that states have two senators, and more than half can't name their congressman. And among Republican governors, only three got their wife's name right on the first try. People bitch and moan about taxes and spending, but they have no idea what their government spends money on. The average voter thinks foreign aid consumes more twenty-four percent of our budget. It's actually less than one percent.

A third of Republicans believe Obama is not a citizen ad a third of Democrats believe that George Bush had prior knowledge of the 9/11 attacks, which is an absurd sentence, because it contains the words "Bush" and "knowledge." Sarah Palin says she would never apologize for America. Even though a Gallup poll say eighteen percent of us think the sun revolves around the earth. No, they're not stupid. They're interplanetary mavericks.

And I haven't even brought up religion. But here's one fun fact I'll leave you with: Did you know only about half of Americans are aware that Judaism is an older religion than Christianity? That's right, half of America looks at books called the Old Testament and the New Testament and cannot figure out which came first.

I rest my case.”
― Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass

“The soul of him who has education is whole and perfect and escapes the worst disease, but, if a man's education be neglected, he walks lamely through life and returns good for nothing to the world below.”
― Plato

“Be generous with your smile and try not to frown.
And you will see my children; your smile will never let you down ☺”
― Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme

“It is very difficult to be learned; it seems as if people were worn out on the way to great thoughts, and can never enjoy them because they are too tired.”
― George Eliot, Middlemarch

“I wouldn’t have minded school if they taught you important things like how to have good sex and what brand of wine is the best… But for some reason they were hell bent on teaching me algebra”
― Ben Mitchell

“A PHD is not the end of education. Education exists even among the bees who feed their queen only with the purest”
― Sahndra Fon Dufe

“Books have to be read (worse luck, for it takes a long time); it is the only way of discovering what they contain.”
― E.M. Forster, Aspects of the Novel

“In the end, it's not what we keep our children from that will save them. It's what we put into them in the first place.”
― Marc Parent, Believing It All: Lessons I Learned from My Children

“Why bother to learn to read when you can smell meat a mile away?”
― Mikhail Bulgakov, Heart of a Dog

“It was much more than bricks and stone - It was an idea.”
― Patricia McKissack

“Respect is not the equivalent to 'liking' a student or teacher; it is the ability to have a high regard for the role of another. In order to receive respect, we should demonstrate it first...”
― Tanya R. Liverman, Memoirs of an Educarer: An Inspiration for Education

“Increasing pressure on students to subject themselves to ever more tests, whittling themselves down to rows and rows of tight black integers upon a transcript, all ready to goose-step straight into a computer.”
― Leah Hager Cohen, Heart, You Bully, You Punk

“He had a look of composed dissatisfaction, as if he understood life thoroughly.”
― Flannery O'Connor, A Good Man is Hard to Find and Other Stories

“For self-educated scientists and thinkers such as Charles Darwin, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Leonardo-da-Vinci, Michael Faraday, myself and many others, education is a relentless voyage of discovery. To us education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Statistically speaking, tracking tended to diminish learning and boost inequality wherever it was tried. In general, the younger tracking happened, the worse the entire country did on PISA. There seemed to be some kind of ghetto effect: once kids were labeled and segregated into the lower track, their learning slowed down.”
― Amanda Ripley, The Smartest Kids in the World: And How They Got That Way

“Live your epitaph”
― Zoe Weil, Most Good, Least Harm: A Simple Principle for a Better World and Meaningful Life

“Self-education is the only possible education; the rest is mere veneer laid on the surface of a child's nature.”
― Charlotte Mason

“We have to go from what is essentially an industrial model of education, a manufacturing model, which is based on linearity and conformity and batching people. We have to move to a model that is based more on principles of agriculture. We have to recognize that human flourishing is not a mechanical process; it's an organic process. And you cannot predict the outcome of human development. All you can do, like a farmer, is create the conditions under which they will begin to flourish.”
― Ken Robinson

“The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.”
― Debasish Mridha

“To reap a return in ten years, plant trees. To reap a return in 100, cultivate the people.”
― Ho Chi Minh

“What is most important and valuable about the home as a base for children's growth into the world is not that it is a better school than the schools, but that it isn't a school at all.”
― John Holt

“I think deeply about things and want others to do likewise. I work for ideas and learn from people. I don’t like excluding people. I’m a perfectionist, but I won’t let that get in the way of publication. Except for education and entertainment, I’m not going to waste my time on things that won’t have an impact. I try to be friends with everyone, but I hate it when you don’t take me seriously. I don’t hold grudges, it’s not productive, but I learn from my experience. I want to make the world a better place.”
― Aaron Swartz

“Genius is an exceedingly common human quality, probably natural to most of us.”
― John Taylor Gatto

“Shouldn't we also ask ourselves what the consequences are of scrambling to provide the "most" of everything to our children in a world of fast dwindling resources? ”
― John Taylor Gatto

“If it were customary to send little girls to school and teach them the same subjects as are taught to boys, they would learn just as fully and would understand the subtleties of all arts and sciences.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies

“...my object is to show that the chief function of the child--his business in the world during the first six or seven years of his life--is to find out all he can, about whatever comes under his notice, by means of his five senses...”
― Charlotte Mason

“You can't learn everything you need to know legally.”
― John Irving, A Widow for One Year

“The home is the chief school of human virtues.”
― William Ellery Channing

“What we want to see is the child in pursuit of the knowledge not the knowledge in pursuit of the child.”
― George Bernard Shaw

“Whoever educates himself and improves his own morals & character is superior to the man who tries to teach & train others.”
― Hazrat Ali ibn Abu-Talib

“As regards moral courage, then, it is not so much that the public schools support it feebly, as that they suppress it firmly.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“Many scholars forget, it seems to me, that our enjoyment of the great works of literature depends more upon the depth of our sympathy than upon our understanding. The trouble is that very few of their laborious explanations stick in the memory. The mind drops them as a branch drops its overripe fruit. ... Again and again I ask impatiently, "Why concern myself with these explanations and hypotheses?" They fly hither and thither in my thought like blind birds beating the air with ineffectual wings. I do not mean to object to a thorough knowledge of the famous works we read. I object only to the interminable comments and bewildering criticisms that teach but one thing: there are as many opinions as there are men.”
― Helen Keller

“I am opposed to animal welfare campaigns for two reasons. First, if animal use cannot be morally justified, then we ought to be clear about that, and advocate for no use. Although rape and child molestation are ubiquitous, we do not have campaigns for “humane” rape or “humane” child molestation. We condemn it all. We should do the same with respect to animal exploitation.

Second, animal welfare reform does not provide significant protection for animal interests. Animals are chattel property; they are economic commodities. Given this status and the reality of markets, the level of protection provided by animal welfare will generally be limited to what promotes efficient exploitation. That is, we will protect animal interests to the extent that it provides an economic benefit.”
― GaryLFrancione

“He warned Mother not to flout God's Will by expecting too much of us. "Sending a girl to college is like pouring water in your shoes,' he still loves to say, as often as possible. 'It's hard to say which is worse, seeing it run out and waste the water, or seeing it hold in and wreck the shoes.”
― Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible

“Most children, even very bright ones, need constant review and practice to truly own a concept in grammar, math or science. In schools today, on paper it may appear that kids are learning skills, but in reality they are only renting them, soon to forget what they've learned over the weekend or summer vacation.”
― Rafe Esquith, Lighting Their Fires: Raising Extraordinary Children in a Mixed-up, Muddled-up, Shook-up World

“Families are designed to nurture the minds, wills, and emotions of its members so that the barriers created by fear of the unknown can be replaced by the confidence that comes from knowing you are loved whether you succeed or fail.”
― Leigh A. Bortins, The Core: Teaching Your Child the Foundations of Classical Education

“Self-education is lifelong curiosity.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“A Swedish minister having assembled the chiefs of the Susquehanna Indians, made a sermon to them, acquainting them with the principal historical facts on which our religion is founded — such as the fall of our first parents by eating an apple, the coming of Christ to repair the mischief, his miracles and suffering, etc. When he had finished an Indian orator stood up to thank him.

‘What you have told us,’ says he, ‘is all very good. It is indeed bad to eat apples. It is better to make them all into cider. We are much obliged by your kindness in coming so far to tell us those things which you have heard from your mothers. In return, I will tell you some of those we have heard from ours.

‘In the beginning, our fathers had only the flesh of animals to subsist on, and if their hunting was unsuccessful they were starving. Two of our young hunters, having killed a deer, made a fire in the woods to boil some parts of it. When they were about to satisfy their hunger, they beheld a beautiful young woman descend from the clouds and seat herself on that hill which you see yonder among the Blue Mountains.

‘They said to each other, “It is a spirit that perhaps has smelt our broiling venison and wishes to eat of it; let us offer some to her.” They presented her with the tongue; she was pleased with the taste of it and said: “Your kindness shall be rewarded; come to this place after thirteen moons, and you will find something that will be of great benefit in nourishing you and your children to the latest generations.” They did so, and to their surprise found plants they had never seen before, but which from that ancient time have been constantly cultivated among us to our great advantage. Where her right hand had touched the ground they found maize; where her left had touched it they found kidney-beans; and where her backside had sat on it they found tobacco.’

The good missionary, disgusted with this idle tale, said: ‘What I delivered to you were sacred truths; but what you tell me is mere fable, fiction, and falsehood.’

The Indian, offended, replied: ‘My brother, it seems your friends have not done you justice in your education; they have not well instructed you in the rules of common civility. You saw that we, who understand and practise those rules, believed all your stories; why do you refuse to believe ours?”
― Benjamin Franklin, Remarks Concerning the Savages

“So you see that the process of education, taken in a large way, may be described as nothing but the process of acquiring ideas or conceptions, the best educated mind being the mind which has the largest stock of them, ready to meet the largest possible variety of the emergencies of life. The lack of education means only the failure to have acquired them, and the consequent liability to be 'floored' and 'rattled' in the vicissitudes of experience.”
― William James

“Directing the mind to stay in the present can be a formidable task.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“Education is everywhere, prompting one to think, to consider, to remember.”
― Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man

“Life is a bliss only if you carefully understand it.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“Schooling that children are forced to endure—in which the subject matter is imposed by others and the “learning” is motivated by extrinsic rewards and punishments rather than by the children’s true interests—turns learning from a joyful activity into a chore, to be avoided whenever possible. Coercive schooling, which tragically is the norm in our society, suppresses curiosity and overrides children’s natural ways of learning. It also promotes anxiety, depression and feelings of helplessness that all too often reach pathological levels.”
― Peter O. Gray

“He who receives an idea from me, receives instruction himself without lessening mine; as he who lights his taper at mine, receives light without darkening me. That ideas should freely spread from one to another over the globe, for the moral and mutual instruction of man, and improvement of his condition, seems to have been peculiarly and benevolently designed by nature, when she made them, like fire, expansible over all space, without lessening their density in any point, and like the air in which we breathe, move, and have our physical being, incapable of confinement or exclusive appropriation.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“[T]he great end of education . . . is to persuade and to inspire the sincere love of virtue.”
― George Turnbull, Observations upon Liberal Education, in All Its Branches

“This institution will be based on the illimitable freedom of the human mind. For here we are not afraid to follow truth wherever it may lead, nor to tolerate any error so long as reason is left free to combat it.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“Ask yourself: 'Do I feel the need to laminate?' Then teaching is for you.”
― Gordon Korman

“Knowledge which is acquired under compulsion has no hold on the mind. Therefore do not use compulsion, but let early education be a sort of amusement; you will then be better able to discover the child's natural bent.”
― Plato

“Any formal attack on ignorance is bound to fail because the masses are always ready to defend their most precious possession - their ignorance.”
― Hendrick Willem Van Loon

“People need to be educated so that they can make intelligent moral choices”
― Gary L. Francione

“The very power of [textbook writers] depends on the fact that they are dealing with a boy: a boy who thinks he is ‘doing’ his ‘English prep’ and has no notion that ethics, theology, and politics are all at stake. It is not a theory they put into his mind, but an assumption, which ten years hence, its origin forgotten and its presence unconscious, will condition him to take one side in a controversy which he has never recognized as a controversy at all.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man

“Homeschooling and public schooling are as opposite as two sides of a coin. In a homeschooling environment, the teacher need not be certified, but the child MUST learn. In a public school environment, the teacher MUST be certified, but the child need NOT learn.”
― Gene Royer

“Although teachers do care and do work very, very hard, the institution is psychopathic-it has no conscience. It rings a bell and the young man in the middle of writing a poem must close his notebook and move to a different cell where he must memorize that humans and monkeys derive from a common ancestor.”
― John Taylor Gatto, Dumbing Us Down: The Hidden Curriculum of Compulsory Schooling

“Far from failing in its intended task, our educational system is in fact succeeding magnificently because its aim is to keep the American people thoughtless enough to go on supporting the system.”
― Richard Mitchell

“The chief wonder of education is that it does not ruin everybody concerned in it, teachers and taught.”
― Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams

“Over the years, I have noticed that the child who learns quickly is adventurous. She's ready to run risks. She approaches life with arms outspread. She wants to take it all in. She still has the desire of the very young child to make sense out of things. She's not concerned with concealing her ignorance or protecting herself. She's ready to expose herself to disappointment and defeat. She has a certain confidence. She expects to make sense out of things sooner or later. She has a kind of trust.”
― John Holt

“It is a very grave mistake to think that the enjoyment of seeing and searching can be promoted by means of coercion and a sense of duty. To the contrary, I believe it would be possible to rob even a healthy beast of prey of its voraciousness, if it were possible, with the aid of a whip, to force the beast to devour continuously, even when not hungry.”
― Albert Einstein

“If the emotions are free the intellect will look after itself”
― A.S. Neill

“Child psychologists have demonstrated that our minds are actually constructed by these thousands of tiny interactions during the first few years of life. We aren't just what we're taught. It's what we experience during those early years - a smile here, a jarring sound there - that creates the pathways and connections of the brain. We put our kids to fifteen years of quick-cut advertising, passive television watching, and sadistic video games, and we expect to see emerge a new generation of calm, compassionate, and engaged human beings?”
― Sidney Poitier, The Measure of a Man: A Spiritual Autobiography

“She had lolled about for three years at Girton with the kind of books she could equally have read at home--Jane Austen, Dickens, Conrad, all in the library downstairs, in complete sets. How had that pursuit, reading the novels that others took as their leisure, let her think she was superior to anyone else?”
― Ian McEwan, Atonement

“[T]eaching has been for me an education (Lord knows what it has been for my students).”
― Howard Nemerov

“An educated man should know everything about something and something about everything”
― Veronica Wedgwood

“Like many highly educated people, I didn't have much in the way of actual skills.”
― J. Maarten Troost, The Sex Lives of Cannibals: Adrift in the Equatorial Pacific

“Intellectual freedom begins when one says with Socrates that he knows that he knows nothing, and then goes on to add: Do you know what you don’t know and therefore what you should know? If your answer is affirmative and humble, then you are your own teacher, you are making your own assignment, and you will be your own best critic. You will not need externally imposed courses, nor marks, nor diplomas, nor a nod from your boss . . . in business or in politics. (from the essay The Last Don Rag)”
― Scott M. Buchanan

“I am not simply teaching the reading; I am teaching the reader.”
― Kelly Gallagher, Readicide: How Schools Are Killing Reading and What You Can Do About It

“Scoring well on tests is the sort of happy thing that gets the school district the greenbacks they crave. Understanding and appreciating the material are secondary.”
― Libba Bray

“Problems may be solved in the study which have baffled all those who have sought a solution by the aid of their senses. To carry the art, however, to its highest pitch, it is necessary that the reasoner should be able to use all the facts which have come to his knowledge; and this in itself implies, as you will readily see, a possession of all knowledge, which, even in these days of free education and encyclopaedias, is a somewhat rare accomplishment.”
― Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes

“I'm not trying to tell you," he said "that only educated men are able to contribute something valuable to the world. It's not so.
But I do say that educated and scholarly men, if they're brilliant and creative to begin with--which, unfortunately, is rarely the case--tend to leave infinitely more valuable records behind them than men do who are MEREly brilliant and creative.”
― J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

“Nothing can be rightly known, if God be not known; nor is any study well managed, nor to any great purpose, if God is not studied. We know little of the creature, till we know it as it stands related to the Creator: single letters, and syllables uncomposed, are no better than nonsense. He who overlooketh him who is the 'Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending,' and seeth not him in all who is the All of all, doth see nothing at all. All creatures, as such, are broken syllables; they signify nothing as separated from God. Were they separated actually, they would cease to be, and the separation would be annhiliation; and when we separate them in our fancies, we make nothing of them to ourselves. It is one thing to know the creatures as Aristotle, and another thing to know them as a Christian. None but a Christian can read one line of his Physics so as to understand it rightly. It is a high and excellent study, and of greater use than many apprehend; but it is the smallest part of it that Aristotle can teach us.”
― Richard Baxter, The Reformed Pastor

“We all take such pains to over-educate ourselves. In the wild struggle for existence, we want to have something that endures, and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts, in the silly hope of keeping our place. The thoroughly well-informed man - that is the modern ideal. And the mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-a-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“...even though I was getting better education at home than any of the kids in Toyah, I'd need to go to finishing school when I was thirteen, both to acquire social graces and to earn a diploma. Because in this world, Dad said, it's not enough to have a fine education. You need a piece of paper to prove you go it.”
― Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses

“Instead of making prisoners out of our students, we ought to make students out of our prisoners.”
― Paul W. Silver, The Dangerous Dream

“Homeschool history tells of more than two centuries of home-teaching influence on American education, although it has been largely obscured by the drawn curtains of conventional bias.”
― Raymond S. Moore, School Can Wait

“…I’d let those entering (grad) students in on my secret—higher education is all about perseverance. It has nothing to do with smarts or creativity or anything else.
It’s about cultivating the willingness and stamina for hoop jumping.
Jump through the hoops, I’d say. Do it well. Do it relentlessly. And in a few years you can join the elite of the American education system secure in the knowledge that you too can endure with the best of them.”
― Melanie Wells, When the Day of Evil Comes

“The imported discovery, that human nature is too good to be made better by discipline, that children are enticed from the right way by religious instruction, and driven from it by the rod, and kept in thraldom by the conspiracy of priests and legislators, has united not a few in the noble experiment of emancipating the world by the help of an irreligious, ungoverned progeny. The indolent have rejoiced in the discovery that our fathers were fools and bigots, and have cheerfully let loose their children to help on the glorious work; while thousands of families, having heard from their teachers, or believing, in spite of them, that morality will suffice both for earth and heaven, and not doubting that morality will flourish without religion, have either not reared the family altar, or have put out the sacred fire, and laid aside together the rod and the Bible, as superfluous auxiliaries in the education of children. From the school, too, with pious regard for its sacred honors, the Bible, by some, has been withdrawn, lest, by a too familiar knowledge of its contents, children should learn to despise it; as if ignorance were the mother of devotion, and the efficacy of laws depended upon their not being understood.”
― Lyman Beecher

“The only persons who seem to have nothing to do with the education of the children are the parents.”
― G.K. Chesterton, What's Wrong with the World

“We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit and our energies as much as fast food is depleting our physical bodies.”
― Ken Robinson

“Never let your fear of the unknown and things being too difficult make your choices for you in life. One of the saddest lessons in life is finding out that your fear made the situation worse than what it was and a braver person stole the dream you gave up on.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Students never appreciate their teachers while they are learning. It is only later, when they know more of the world, that they understand how indebted they are to those who instructed them. Good teachers expect no praise or love from the young. They wait for it, and in time, it comes.”
― Darren Shan, Vampire Mountain

“The best book is not one that informs merely, but one that stirs the reader up to inform himself.”
― A.W. Tozer, Man The Dwelling Place Of God

“A library is a place where you learn what teachers were afraid to teach you.”
― Alan Dershowitz

“Self-knowledge is the only basis of true knowledge.”
― John Taylor Gatto

“Life is still better than University. In school, your teacher is the fruit picker and you are the open fruit basket. Then you take those fruits and make cakes and pies. But life is going to give you the chance to go out there and pick those fruits yourself. Then you can eat them, or make them into something else; any which way, your own hands picked them!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“In sum, then, "thinking about thinking" has to be a principal ingredient of any empowering practice of education.”
― Jerome S. Bruner, The Culture of Education

“Most people are mirrors, reflecting the moods and emotions of the times; few are windows, bringing light to bear on the dark corners where troubles fester. The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.”
― Sydney Harris

“Ready comprehension is often a knee-jerk response and the most dangerous form of understanding. It blinks an opaque screen over your ability to learn. Be warned. Understand nothing. All comprehension is temporary.”
― Frank Herbert, Chapterhouse: Dune

“Mr. Klamp laid down the law. No tardiness, no talking above 40 decibels, no untied shoelaces, no visible undergarments, no eating, no chewing gum, no chewing tobacco, no chewing betel nuts, no chewing coca leaves, no chewing out students (unless Mr. Klamp was doing the chewing out), no chewing out teachers (unless ditto), no unnecessary displays of temper (unless ditto), no unnecessary displays of affection (no exceptions), no pets over one ounce or under one ton, and no singing, except in Bulgarian. I began to think Mr Klamp wouldn't be so bad...”
― Polly Shulman, Enthusiasm

“In 1971, after seven years in college, with that magic piece of paper clutched triumphantly in my fist, the best job I was able to get was night watchman on a sewer project in Babylon, N.Y. guarding a hole in the ground to prevent anyone from stealing it. God bless the American educational system!”
― Spider Robinson, The Callahan Chronicals

“Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Every person has two educations, one which he receives from others, and one, more important, which he gives to himself.”
― Edward Gibbon

“The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.”
― Debasish Mridha

“How is there freedom to choose if one does not learn how to choose?”
― David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest

“All, all, becomes profitable. Education is of the most satisfying and available nature. I am at Smith! Which two years ago was a doubtful dream - and that fortuitous change of dream to reality has led me to desire more, and to lash myself onward - onward.”
― Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath

“The gardener does not make a plant grow. The job of a gardener is to create optimal conditions.”
― Sir Ken Robinson

“Any child who can spend an hour or two a day, or more if he wants, with adults that he likes, who are interested in the world and like to talk about it, will on most days learn far more from their talk than he would learn in a week of school.”
― John Holt

“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“An educated mind is a questioning mind. Or is it?”
― T.S. Welti, The Fifth Specter

“While wisdom dictates the need for education, education does not necessarily make one wise.”
― Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future

“Education is fundamentally religious. Consequently, there is no question about whether a morality will be imposed in that education, but rather which morality will be imposed.”
― Douglas Wilson, The Case for Classical Christian Education

“Have faith that your child's brain is an evolving planet that rotates at its own speed. It will naturally be attracted to or repel certain subjects.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Not enough books focus on how a culture responds to radically new ideas or discovery. Especially in the biography genre, they tend to focus on all the sordid details in the life of the person who made the discovery. I find this path to be voyeuristic but not enlightening. Instead, I ask, After evolution was discovered, how did religion and society respond? After cities were electrified, how did daily life change? After the airplane could fly from one country to another, how did commerce or warfare change? After we walked on the Moon, how differently did we view Earth? My larger understanding of people, places and things derives primarily from stories surrounding questions such as those.”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson

“It was a bland, tranquilized, life-adjusted, group-integrated sort of face -- the face turned out in thousands of copies every year by the educational production lines on Terra.”
― H. Beam Piper, Little Fuzzy

“Assuming that all ‘unschooled’ people to lack education is akin to assuming that a salary is the only means to make money, or, that a vagina or a penis is the only source of an orgasm.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Ultimately, what really matters is not just the experiences you have at a young age, but whether or not you are equipped-by your parents, by your genetics, by your education-to survive and deal with them.”
― Jenna Jameson, How to Make Love Like a Porn Star: A Cautionary Tale

“They thought that the bullets would silence us, but they failed. And out of that silence came thousands of voices. The terrorists thought they would change my aims and stop my ambitions. But nothing changed in my life except this: weakness, fear and hopelessness died. Strength, power and courage was born.”
― Malala Yousafzai

“The whole commerce between master and slave is a perpetual exercise of the most boisterous passions, the most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrading submissions on the other. Our children see this, and learn to imitate it; for man is an imitative animal. This quality is the germ of all education in him. From his cradle to his grave he is learning to do what he sees others do. (...) The parent storms, the child looks on, catches the lineaments of wrath, puts on the same airs in the circle of smaller slaves, gives a loose to his worst of passions, and thus nursed, educated, and daily exercised in tyranny, cannot but be stamped by it with odious peculiarities.”
― Thomas Jefferson, Notes on the State of Virginia

“The more I read, the more I was led to abhor and detest my enslavers. I could regard them in no other light than a band of successful robbers, who had left their homes, and gone to Africa, and stolen us from our homes, and in a strange land reduced us to slavery. I loathed them as being the meanest as well as the most wicked of men. As I read and contemplated the subject, behold! that very discontentment which Master Hugh had predicted would follow my learning to read had already come, to torment and sting my soul to unutterable anguish. As I writhed under it, I would at times feel that learning to read had been a curse rather than a blessing. It had given me a view of my wretched condition, without the remedy. it opened my eyes to the horrible pit, but to no ladder upon which to get out. in moments of agony, I envied my fellow-slaves for their stupidity. I have often wished myself a beast. I preferred the condition of the meanest reptile to my own. Any thing, no matter what, to get rid of thinking! It was this everlasting thinking of my condition that tormented me. There was no getting rid of it. It was pressed upon me by every object within sight or hearing, animate or inanimate. The silver trump of freedom had roused my soul to eternal wakefulness. Freedom now appeared, to disappear no more forever. It was heard in every sound and seen in every thing. It was ever present to torment me with a sense of my wretched condition. I saw nothing without seeing it, I heard nothing without hearing it, and felt nothing without feeling it. It looked from every star, it smiled in every calm, breathed in every wind, and moved in every storm.”
― Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass

“As for myself, I always willingly acknowledge my own self as the principal cause of every good and of every evil which may befall me; therefore, I have always found myself capable of being my own pupil, and ready to love my teacher.”
― Giacomo Girolamo Casanova, Geschichte Meines Lebens

“Thank goodness my education was neglected.”
― Beatrix Potter

“How can the bird that is born for joy
Sit in a cage and sing?
How can a child, when fears annoy,
But droop his tender wing,
And forget his youthful spring?”
― William Blake, Songs of Innocence and of Experience

“As a convinced atheist, I ought to agree with Voltaire that Judaism is not just one more religion, but in its way the root of religious evil. Without the stern, joyless rabbis and their 613 dour prohibitions, we might have avoided the whole nightmare of the Old Testament, and the brutal, crude wrenching of that into prophecy-derived Christianity, and the later plagiarism and mutation of Judaism and Christianity into the various rival forms of Islam. Much of the time, I do concur with Voltaire, but not without acknowledging that Judaism is dialectical. There is, after all, a specifically Jewish version of the eighteenth-century Enlightenment, with a specifically Jewish name—the Haskalah—for itself. The term derives from the word for 'mind' or 'intellect,' and it is naturally associated with ethics rather than rituals, life rather than prohibitions, and assimilation over 'exile' or 'return.' It's everlastingly linked to the name of the great German teacher Moses Mendelssohn, one of those conspicuous Jewish hunchbacks who so upset and embarrassed Isaiah Berlin. (The other way to upset or embarrass Berlin, I found, was to mention that he himself was a cousin of Menachem Schneerson, the 'messianic' Lubavitcher rebbe.) However, even pre-enlightenment Judaism forces its adherents to study and think, it reluctantly teaches them what others think, and it may even teach them how to think also.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“Learning is by nature curiosity... prying into everything, reluctant to leave anything, material or immaterial, unexplained.”
― Philo

“But, Jefferson worried that the people - and the argument goes back to Thucydides and Aristotle - are easily misled. He also stressed, passionately and repeatedly, that it was essential for the people to understand the risks and benefits of government, to educate themselves, and to involve themselves in the political process.

Without that, he said, the wolves will take over.”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“I am conscious of a soul-sense that lifts me above the narrow, cramping circumstances of my life. My physical limitations are forgotten- my world lies upward, the length and the breadth and the sweep of the heavens are mine!”
― Helen Keller, The Story of My Life: With Her Letters (1887 1901) and a Supplementary Account of Her Education Including Passages from the Reports and Letters of Her Teacher Anne Mansfield Sullivan by John Albert Macy

“For every one pupil who needs to be guarded against a weak excess of sensibility there are three who need to be awakened from the slumber of cold vulgarity. The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles but to irrigate deserts.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man

“schools assume that children are not interested in learning and are not much good at it, that they will not learn unless made to, that they cannot learn unless shown how, and that the way to make them learn is to divide up the prescribed material into a sequence of tiny tasks to be mastered one at a time, each with it's approrpriate 'morsel' and 'shock.' And when this method doesn't work, the schools assume there is something wrong with the children -- something they must try to diagnose and treat.”
― John Holt

“Let children alone... the education of habit is successful in so far as it enables the mother to let her children alone, not teasing them with perpetual commands and directions - a running fire of Do and Don’t ; but letting them go their own way and grow, having first secured that they will go the right way and grow to fruitful purpose.”
― Charlotte Mason

“There is, on the whole, nothing on earth intended for innocent people so horrible as a school. To begin with, it is a prison. But in some respects more cruel than a prison. In a prison, for instance, you are not forced to read books written by the warders and the governor. . . .In the prison you are not forced to sit listening to turnkeys discoursing without charm or interest on subjects that they don't understand and don't care about, and therefore incapable of making you understand or care about. In a prison they may torture your body; but they do not torture your brains.”
― George Bernard Shaw, Misalliance

“If then a practical end must be assigned to a University course, I say it is that of training good members of society... It is the education which gives a man a clear, conscious view of their own opinions and judgements, a truth in developing them, an eloquence in expressing them, and a force in urging them. It teaches him to see things as they are, to go right to the point, to disentangle a skein of thought to detect what is sophistical and to discard what is irrelevant.”
― John Henry Newman, The Idea of a University

“Hey, Geekoid!" yelled Duncan Dougal, "Why do you read so much? Don't you know how to watch TV?”
― Bruce Coville, My Teacher Is an Alien

“I didn't want any degrees if all the ill-read literates and radio announcers and pedagogical dummies I knew had them by the peck. ”
― J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey

“No guinea of earned money should go to rebuilding the college on the old plan just as certainly none could be spent upon building a college upon a new plan: therefore the guinea should be earmarked "Rags. Petrol. Matches." And this note should be attached to it. "Take this guinea and with it burn the college to the ground. Set fire to the old hypocrisies. Let the light of the burning building scare the nightingales and incarnadine the willows. And let the daughters of educated men dance round the fire and heap armful upon armful of dead leaves upon the flames. And let their mothers lean from the upper windows and cry, "Let it blaze! Let it blaze! For we have done with this 'education!”
― Virginia Woolf, Three Guineas

“Librarians are essential players in the information revolution because they level that field. They enable those without money or education to read and learn the same things as the billionaire and the PhD.”
― Marilyn Johnson, This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All

“Much education today is monumentally ineffective. All too often we are giving young people cut flowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants.”
― John W. Gardner

“These days, many well-meaning school districts bring together teachers, coaches, curriculum supervisors, and a cast of thousands to determine what skills your child needs to be successful. Once these "standards" have been established, pacing plans are then drawn up to make sure that each particular skill is taught at the same rate and in the same way to all children. This is, of course, absurd. It gets even worse when one considers the very real fact that nothing of value is learned permanently by a child in a day or two.”
― Rafe Esquith, Lighting Their Fires: Raising Extraordinary Children in a Mixed-up, Muddled-up, Shook-up World

“As we have seen there is some kind of continuity in any case since every experience affects for better or worse the attitudes which help decide the quality of further experiences, by setting up certain preference and aversion, and making it easier or harder to act for this or that end.”
― John Dewey

“The rearing of children is considered too important to be left to the individual and should be the responsibility of the state.”
― Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World

“I would much rather be considered wise than smart. But, I still think it is wise to get an education.”
― Destiny Booze

“Lernen und nicht denken ist nichtig, denken und nicht lernen ist ermüdend.”
― Konfuzius, Gespräche

“Learning is important. It is a way to make a life better for yourself and your family.”
― Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby

“The purpose of education is to save young people from the paralyzing effects of wealth and poverty. (more or less verbatim quote)”
― Kurt Hahn

“In England, coffeehouses were dubbed penny-universities, because for the admission price of one cent, a person could sit and be edified all day long by scholars, merchants, travelers, community leaders, gossips, and poets.”
― Leah Hager Cohen, Glass, Paper, Beans: Revolutions on the Nature and Value of Ordinary Things

“Thousands of persons, many of whom never darkened the door of a college, have learned to read books that most of our college graduates fear to tackle. teachers who understand this fact can help a student read the books that educated the Founding Fathers but not by explaining in lectures what the author would have said if he had been as bright as the lecturer.”
― Stringfellow Barr

“The working class had imposed upon them a sterile and authoritarian educational system which mirrored the ethos of the corporate workplace.”
― Anthony M. Platt

“People ugly from ignorance and broken from being poor.”
― Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God

“Under her high brows, she eyed him straight on and straight across. She had gone to girls' schools, he recalled later. Those girls looked straight at you.”
― Annie Dillard, The Maytrees

“Actually, all education is self-education. A teacher is only a guide, to point out the way, and no school, no matter how excellent, can give you education. What you receive is like the outlines in a child’s coloring book. You must fill in the colors yourself.”
― Louis L'Amour

“Libraries allow children to ask questions about the world and find the answers. And the wonderful thing is that once a child learns to use a library, the doors to learning are always open.”
― Laura Bush

“Since the earliest days of our youth, we have been conditioned to accept that the direction of the herd, and authority anywhere — is always right.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“To say that a being who is sentient has no interest in continuing to live is like saying that a being with eyes has no interest in continuing to see. Death—however “humane”—is a harm for humans and nonhumans alike.”
― Gary L. Francione

“You can't teach calculus to a chimpanzee. So just share your banana.”
― John Rachel, Blinders Keepers

“Nicholas Benedict did have an exceptional gift for knowing things (more exceptional, in fact, than most adults would have thought possible), and yet not even he could know that this next chapter was to be the most unusual-and most important-of his entire childhood. Indeed, the strange days that lay ahead would change him forever, though for now they had less substance than the mist through which he ran.”
― Trenton Lee Stewart, The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict

“So it is always preferable to discuss the matter of veganism in a non-judgemental way. Remember that to most people, eating flesh or dairy and using animal products such as leather, wool, and silk, is as normal as breathing air or drinking water. A person who consumes dairy or uses animal products is not necessarily or usually what a recent and unpopular American president labelled an "evil doer.”
― GaryLFrancione

“Education is the preparation of a child intellectually, emotionally, spiritually, and physically for life and for eternity.”
― Kevin Swanson, Upgrade: 10 Secrets to the Best Education for Your Child

“I reject animal welfare reform and single-issue campaigns because they are not only inconsistent with the claims of justice that we should be making if we really believe that animal exploitation is wrong, but because these approaches cannot work as a practical matter. Animals are property and it costs money to protect their interests; therefore, the level of protection accorded to animal interests will always be low and animals will, under the best of circumstances, still be treated in ways that would constitute torture if applied to humans.

By endorsing welfare reforms that supposedly make exploitation more “compassionate” or single-issue campaigns that falsely suggest that there is a coherent moral distinction between meat and dairy or between fur and wool or between steak and foie gras, we betray the principle of justice that says that all sentient beings are equal for purposes of not being used exclusively as human resources. And, on a practical level, we do nothing more than make people feel better about animal exploitation.”
― Gary L. Francione

“In the conditions of modern life the rule is absolute, the race which does not value trained intelligence is doomed.”
― Alfred North Whitehead

“Animals are property. There are laws that supposedly protect animal interests
in being treated “humanely,” but that term is interpreted in large part to mean that we cannot impose “unnecessary” harm on animals, and that is measured by what treatment is considered as necessary within particular industries, and according to customs of use, to exploit animals. The bottom line is that animals do not have any respect-based rights in the way that humans have, because we do not regard animals as having any moral value. They have only economic value. We value their interests economically, and we ignore their interests when it is economically beneficial for us to do so.

At this point in time, it makes no sense to focus on the law, because as long as we regard animals as things, as a moral matter, the laws will necessarily reflect that absence of moral value and continue to do nothing to protect animals. We need to change social and moral thinking about animals before the law is going to do anything more.”
― Gary L. Francione

“Everyone should read, we say, but we act as if only those with special talent should write.”
― Roy Peter Clark, Writing Tools: 50 Essential Strategies for Every Writer

“With adequate planning, passion and perseverance, you can achieve the God-given goals.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Some people drink deeply from the fountain of knowledge. Others just gargle.”
― Grant M. Bright

“Love is my inner strength and my power.”
― Debasish Mridha

“You have to go head, even if no one goes with you.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“Now, Woolf calls her fictional bastion of male privilege Oxbridge, so I'll call mine Yarvard. Even though she cannot attend Yarvard because she is a woman, Judith cheerfully applies for admission at, let's call it, Smithcliff, a prestigious women's college. She is denied admission on the grounds that
the dorms and classrooms can't
accommodate wheelchairs, that her speech pattern would interfere with her elocution lessons, and that her presence would upset the other students. There is also the suggestion that she is not good marriage material for the men at the elite college to which Smithcliff is a bride-supplying "sister school." The letter inquires as to why she hasn't been institutionalized.
When she goes to the administration building to protest the decision, she can't get up the flight of marble steps on the Greek Revival building. This edifice was designed to evoke a connection to the Classical world, which practiced infanticide of disabled newborns.”
― Rosemarie Garland Thomson

“In worthy teaching, all things are related.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“To one who is not eager I do not reveal anything, nor do I explain anything to one who is not communicative. If I raise one corner for someone and he cannot come back with the other three, I do not go on.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“For the ancient Greeks, the ultimate test of the educational system was the moral and political quality of the students that it produced”
― Henry A. Giroux, Teachers as Intellectuals: Toward a Critical Pedagogy of Learning

“About this business of being a gentleman: I paid so heavily for the fourteen years of my gentleman’s education that I feel entitled, now and then, to get some sort of return.”
― Robert Graves, Goodbye to All That

“Make plans for your new goals. And press towards achieving the goals with all your strength.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“The landed classes neglected technical education, taking refuge in classical studies; as late as 1930, for example, long after Ernest Rutherford at Cambridge had discovered the atomic nucleus and begun transmuting elements, the physics laboratory at Oxford had not been wired for electricity. Intellectual neglect technical education to this day.

[Describing C.P. Snow's observations on the neglect of technical education.]”
― Richard Rhodes, Visions of Technology: A Century of Vital Debate About Machines Systems and the Human World

“It be urged that the wild and uncultivated tree, hitherto yielding sour and bitter fruit only, can never be made to yield better; yet we know that the grafting art implants a new tree on the savage stock, producing what is most estimable in kind and degree. Education, in like manner, engrafts a new man on the native stock, and improves what in his nature was vicious and perverse into qualities of virtue and social worth.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“Why is compassion not part of our established curriculum, an inherent part of our education? Compassion, awe, wonder, curiosity, exaltation, humility - these are the very foundation of any real civilization.”
― Yehudi Menuhin

“If you are willing to be a self-learner, you will develop yourself.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Preparation for the future was necessary, and he was willing to admit that the great change would perhaps come in the upheaval of a revolution. But he argued that revolutionary propaganda was a delicate work of high conscience. It was the education of the masters of the world. It should be as careful as the education given to kings.”
― Joseph Conrad, The Secret Agent

“I am no enemy of Nepal being a fully literate society. It is a good thing for society and the nation as a whole.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“When describing the University of Virginia: Here, We are not afraid to follow truth wherever it may lead, nor to tolerate any error so long as reason is left free to combat it.”
― Thomas Jefferson, Declaration of Independence, Constitution of the United States of America, Bill of Rights and Constitutional Amendments (Including Images of Original

“Nothing succeeds like success; children who opt out of school have had a continued record of failure, and it would be difficult to blame the children themselves for voting with their feet and playing truant as much as possible. This failure is not necessary; it is imposed on the children by inappropriate methods of teaching which do not take into account the innate patterns of abilities of these children. A return to sanity is long overdue; we must pay close attention to the genetic basis of our children`s abilities.”
― Hans Eysenck, The Inequality Of Man

“Teachers dread nothing so much as unusual characteristics in precocious boys during the initial stages of their adolescence. A certain streak of genius makes an ominous impression on them, for there exists a deep gulf between genius and the teaching profession. Anyone with a touch of genius seems to his teachers a freak from the very first. As far as teachers are concerned, they define young geniuses as those who are bad, disrespectful, smoke at fourteen, fall in love at fifteen, can be found at sixteen hanging out in bars, read forbidden books, write scandalous essays, occasionally stare down a teacher in class, are marked in the attendance book as rebels, and are budding candidates for room-arrest. A schoolmaster will prefer to have a couple of dumbheads in his class than a single genius, and if you regard it objectively, he is of course right. His task is not to produce extravagant intellects but good Latinists, arithmeticians and sober decent folk. The question of who suffers more acutely at the other's hands - the teacher at the boy's, or vice versa - who is more of a tyrant, more of a tormentor, and who profanes parts of the other's soul, student or teacher, is something you cannot examine without remembering your own youth in anger and shame. yet that s not what concerns us here. We have the consolation that among true geniuses the wounds almost always heal. As their personalities develop, they create their art in spite of school. Once dead, and enveloped by the comfortable nimbus of remoteness, they are paraded by the schoolmasters before other generations of students as showpieces and noble examples. Thus teh struggle between rule and spirit repeats itself year after year from school to school. The authorities go to infinite pains to nip the few profound or more valuable intellects in the bud. And time and again the ones who are detested by their teachers are frequently punished, the runaways and those expelled, are the ones who afterwards add to society's treasure. But some - and who knows how many? - waste away quiet obstinacy and finally go under.”
― Hermann Hesse, Beneath the Wheel

“The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.”
― Diogenes

“There is no knowing that does not begin with knowing God.”
― John Calvin

“Science is an attempt, largely successful, to understand the world, to get a grip on things, to get hold of ourselves, to steer a safe course. Microbiology and meteorology now explain what only a few centuries ago was considered sufficient cause to burn women to death.”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“Nevertheless, (Jefferson) believed that the habit of skepticism is an essential prerequisite for responsible citizenship. He argued that the cost of education is trivial compared to the cost of ignorance, of leaving government to the wolves. He taught that the country is safe only when the people rule.”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“The aim of education should be to teach us rather how to think, than what to think - rather to improve our minds, so as to enable us to think for ourselves, than to load the memory with the thoughts of other men.”
― James Beattie

“The purpose of school should not be to prepare students for more school. We should be seeking to have fully engaged students now.”
― Donalyn Miller, The Book Whisperer: Awakening the Inner Reader in Every Child

“What we can change is our perceptions, which have the effect of changing everything.”
― Donna Quesada, Buddha in the Classroom: Zen Wisdom to Inspire Teachers

“We can get too easily bogged down in the academic part of homeschooling, a relatively minor part of the whole, which is to raise competent, caring, literate, happy people.”
― Diane Flynn Keith

“...Shouldn't schools be the place where students interact with interesting books? Shouldn't the faculty have an ongoing laser-like commitment to put good books in our students' hands? Shouldn't this be a front-burner issue at all times?”
― Kelly Gallagher, Readicide: How Schools Are Killing Reading and What You Can Do About It

“It is hard not to feel that there must be something very wrong with much of what we do in school, if we feel the need to worry so much about what many people call 'motivation'. A child has no stronger desire than to make sense of the world, to move freely in it, to do the things that he sees bigger people doing.”
― John Holt

“The humanities should constitute the core of any university worth the name.”
― Terry Eagleton

“You will not reap the fruit of individuality in your children if you clone their education.”
― Marilyn Howshall

“Some men never recover from education.”
― Oliver St. John Gogarty, It Isn't This Time of Year at All: An Unpremeditated Autobiography

“Your young white, who gathers his learning from books and can measure what he knows by the page, may conceit that his knowledge, like his legs, outruns that of his fathers’, but, where experience is the master, the scholar is made to know the value of years, and respects them accordingly.”
― James Fenimore Cooper, The Last of the Mohicans

“There is much that science doesn't understand, many mysteries still to be resolved. In a Universe tens of billions of light-years across and some ten or fifteen billion years old, this may be the case forever. We are constantly stumbling on new surprises”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“There are so many charlatans in the world of education. They teach for a couple of years, come up with a few clever slogans, build their websites, and hit the lecture circuit. In this fast-food-society, simple solutions to complex problems are embraced far too often. We can do better. I hope that people who read this book realize that true excellence takes sacrifice, mistakes, and enormous amounts of effort. After all, there are no shortcuts.”
― Rafe Esquith, Teach Like Your Hair's on Fire: The Methods and Madness Inside Room 56

“A good problem is something you don't know how to solve. That's what makes it a good puzzle and a good opportunity.”
― Paul Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form

“Donde no hay libros hace frío. Vale para las casas, las ciudades, los países. Un frío cataclismo, un páramo de amnesia”
― María Elena Walsh

“The task of all Christian scholarship—not just biblical studies—is to study reality as a manifestation of God’s glory, to speak and write about it with accuracy, and to savor the beauty of God in it, and to make it serve the good of man. It is an abdication of scholarship when Christians do academic work with little reference to God. If all the universe and everything in it exist by the design of an infinite, personal God, to make his manifold glory known and loved, then to treat any subject without reference to God’s glory is not scholarship but insurrection.”
― John Piper, Think: The Life of the Mind and the Love of God

“There are all kinds of ignorance in the world. Education, learning to read and write, doesn't necessarily give us knowledge. We have to learn to use our minds to see what is really happening.”
― Linda Leaming, Married to Bhutan

“School was the unhappiest time of my life and the worst trick it ever played on me was to pretend that it was the world in miniature. For it hindered me from discovering how lovely and delightful and kind the world can be, and how much of it is intelligible.”
― E.M. Forester

“We get schooled by the people around us, and it stays inside us deep.”
― George P. Pelecanos, Soul Circus

“Each day we wake up and make myriad choices that affect others. We clothe ourselves with shirts, pants, and shoes that may have been sewn together by women working in factories fourteen-plus hours a day for a nonliving wage; we buy products manufactured in ways the destroy forests, pollute waterways, and poison the air; we wash our hair with shampoos that may have been squeezed into the eyes of conscious rabbits or force-fed to them in quantities that kill; and on and on. As Derrick Jensen has written in his book "The Culture of Make Believe", "It is possible to destroy a culture without being aware of its existence. It is possible to commit genocide or ecocide from the comfort of one's living room”
― Zoe Weil, Most Good, Least Harm: A Simple Principle for a Better World and Meaningful Life

“...rather than assuming that education is primarily about preparing for jobs and careers, what would it mean to think of education as a process of guiding kids' participation in public life more generally, a public life that includes social, recreational, and civic engagement.”
― Mizuko Ito, Living and Learning with New Media: Summary of Findings from the Digital Youth Project

“The habit of looking at life as a social relation — an affair of society — did no good. It cultivated a weakness which needed no cultivation. If it had helped to make men of the world, or give the manners and instincts of any profession — such as temper, patience, courtesy, or a faculty of profiting by the social defects of opponents — it would have been education better worth having than mathematics or languages; but so far as it helped to make anything, it helped only to make the college standard permanent through life.”
― Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams

“A clever schoolboy's reaction to his reading is most naturally expressed by parody or imitation.”
― C.S. Lewis

“You squeeze the eyedropper, and a drop of pond water drips out onto the microscope stage. You look at the projected image. The drop is full of life - strange beings swimming, crawling, tumbling; high dramas of pursuit and escape, triumph and tragedy. This is a world populated by beings far more exotic than in any science fiction movie...”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“I think it's hard to learn democracy when we make children prisoners until they're nineteen years old.”
― Mimsy Sadofsky

“The existence of guilty sense is so
important in education and religion.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Every man has a specific skill, whether it is discovered or not, that more readily and naturally comes to him than it would to another, and his own should be sought and polished. He excels best in his niche - originality loses its authenticity in one's efforts to obtain originality.”
― Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile

“In a word, we may reasonably hope for the virtual abolition of education when I'm as good as you has fully had its way. All incentives to learn and all penalties for not learning will vanish.The few who might want to learn will be prevented; who are they to overtop their fellows? And anyway the teachers--or should I say, nurses?--will be far too busy reassuring the dunces and patting them on the back to waste any time on real teaching. We shall no longer have to plan and toil to spread imperturable conceit and incurable ignorance among men. The little vermin themselves will do it for us.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters

“True beauty is measured by the number of pearls within you, not those around your neck.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Who said to kill does not require gentleness?”
― Nawal El Saadawi, Woman at Point Zero

“An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious - just dead wrong. ”
― Russell Baker

“Much of human behavior can be explained by watching the wild beasts around us. They are constantly teaching us things about ourselves and the way of the universe, but most people are too blind to watch and listen.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The quality of the relationships that students have in class with their peers and teachers is important to their success in school.”
― Bob Pletka, Educating the Net Generation: How to Engage Students in the 21st Century

“How can you love people without encouraging them? And how can you be loyal to people without educating them.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“I fear that we live in an ahistorical age in which we believe that we are so wise that we no longer need the lessons of the past, perhaps most disturbingly of all that technology has put us beyond the lessons of the past.”
― J. Rufus Fears, Books That Have Made History: Books That Can Change Your Life

“I also did some jail time a few years ago. Spent a whole summer in jail reading books. I pumped a ton of new knowledge and new thinking into myself.”
― Tommy Lee

“With large industries throwing out the factory model as counterproductive, it is long past time for schools to do the same. I wonder how many adults would do well at dealing with different job requirements and a different boss every 47 minutes.”
― Susan Ohanian

“Experience is the opposite of education.”
― Ashly Lorenzana

“Youths are passed through schools that don’t teach. Then forced to search for jobs that don’t exist and finally left stranded to stare at the glamorous lives advertised around them.”
― Huey Newton

“Life is three hours journey; childhood, adulthood & old-hood; filled with inspiration, perspiration and desperation.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“To lovers there.

Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“We learn best when we care about what we are doing, when we have choices. We learn best when the work has meaning to us, when it matters. We learn best when we are using our hands and our minds.We learn best when the work we are doing is real and relevant.”
― Dennis Littky, The Big Picture: Education Is Everyone's Business

“It is my mood which decides the weather, it is my mood which brings the tiny changes to humankind.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“Nature alone can lead to the understanding of art, just as art brings us back to nature with greater awarness. It is the source of all beauty, since it is the source of all life. ”
― Eugene Carriere

“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
― Amit Kalantri

“As great minds have the faculty of saying a great deal in a few words, so lesser minds have a talent of talking much, and saying nothing.”
― La Rouchefoucauld, The Maxims

“Like Semmering Academy, the Grove School was a Gothic pile of bricks run by 1950s-era chalk drones, which maintained its cultural viability by perpetuating a weirdly seductive anxiety throughout its community. Mary herself was a victim of the seduction; despite the trying and repetitive emotional requirements of her job, she remained eternally fascinated by the wicker-thin girls and their wicker-thin mothers, all of them favoring dark wool skirts and macintoshes and unreadably far-away expressions; if she squinted, they could have emerged intact from any of the last seven decades.”
― Heidi Julavits, The Uses of Enchantment

“The belief that young people are incapable of making reasonable decisions is a cornerstone of our system of compulsory, closely monitored education.”
― Peter O. Gray, Free to Learn: Why Unleashing the Instinct to Play Will Make Our Children Happier, More Self-Reliant, and Better Students for Life

“...education is a sacred thing, and the pledge to build a school is a commitment that cannot be surrendered or broken, regardless of how long it may take, how many obstacles must be surmounted, or how much money it will cost. It is by such promises that the balance sheet of one's life is measured.”
― Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan

“For in this Case, we are not to give Credit to the Many, who say, that none ought to be educated but the Free; but rather to the Philosophers, who say, that the Well-educated alone are free.”
― Epictetus, All the Works of Epictetus

“If I had done nothing more than bring McCabe's talents to the attention of what has become a world-wide audience--if I had done only this job, I believe I'd have established myself as a force for mass education and enlightenment with immediate and constructive effects on the thinking portion of the population. My association with McCabe has been enough to build a career for anyone.

{Julius on legendary scholar Joseph McCabe}”
― E. Haldeman-Julius

“Self determination is greatest will power.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“I have indeed two great measures at heart, without which no republic can maintain itself in strength: 1. That of general education, to enable every man to judge for himself what will secure or endanger his freedom. 2. To divide every county into hundreds, of such size that all the children of each will be within reach of a central school in it”
― Thomas Jefferson

“Education shows the path to the door of opportunity. It gives confidence and hope to open it.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The probable accumulation of the surpluses of revenue beyond what can be applied to the payment of the public debt... merits the consideration of Congress. Shall it lie unproductive in the public vaults?...Or shall it rather be appropriated to the improvements of roads, canals, rivers, education, and other great foundations of prosperity and union”
― Thomas Jefferson

“მე მომხრე ვარ, რომ სკოლაში ისწავლებოდეს რელიგიის ისტორია საერთოდ. მაგრამ არა ქრისტიანობის ისტორია გამოყოფით. რელიგიის ისტორიის სწავლება ჩემთვის ნიშნავს ყველა დიდი რელიგიის -ქრისტიანობის, ისლამის, იუდაიზმის, ბუდიზმის - ძირეულ დებულებათა შედარებით შესწავლას.”
― Akaki Bakradze

“There is something deeply hypocritical in a society that holds an inner-city child only eight years old "accountable" for her performance on a high-stakes standardized exam but does not hold the high officials of our government accountable for robbing her of what they gave their own kids six or seven years before.”
― Jonathan Kozol, The Shame of the Nation: The Restoration of Apartheid Schooling in America

“Intelligence is the capacity to perceive the essential, the what is; and to awaken this capacity, in oneself and in others, is education.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life

“Great teachers had great personalities and that the greatest teachers had outrageous personalities. I did not like decorum or rectitude in a classroom; I preferred a highly oxygenated atmosphere, a climate of intemperance, rhetoric, and feverish melodrama. And I wanted my teachers to make me smart. A great teacher is my adversary, my conqueror, commissioned to chastise me. He leaves me tame and grateful for the new language he has purloined from other kings whose granaries are filled and whose libraries are famous. He tells me that teaching is the art of theft: of knowing what to steal and from whom. Bad teachers do not touch me; the great ones never leave me. They ride with me during all my days, and I pass on to others what they have imparted to me. I exchange their handy gifts with strangers on trains, and I pretend the gifts are mine. I steal from the great teachers. And the truly wonderful thing about them is they would applaud my theft, laugh at the thought of it, realizing they had taught me their larcenous skills well.”
― Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline

“For many years I have been asking myself why intelligent children act unintelligently at school. The simple answer is, "Because they're scared." I used to suspect that children's defeatism had something to do with their bad work in school, but I thought I could clear it away with hearty cries of "Onward! You can do it!" What I now see for the first time is the mechanism by which fear destroys intelligence, the way it affects a child's whole way of looking at, thinking about, and dealing with life. So we have two problems, not one: to stop children from being afraid, and then to break them of the bad thinking habits into which their fears have driven them.

What is most surprising of all is how much fear there is in school. Why is so little said about it. Perhaps most people do not recognize fear in children when they see it. They can read the grossest signs of fear; they know what the trouble is when a child clings howling to his mother; but the subtler signs of fear escaping them. It is these signs, in children's faces, voices, and gestures, in their movements and ways of working, that tell me plainly that most children in school are scared most of the time, many of them very scared. Like good soldiers, they control their fears, live with them, and adjust themselves to them. But the trouble is, and here is a vital difference between school and war, that the adjustments children make to their fears are almost wholly bad, destructive of their intelligence and capacity. The scared fighter may be the best fighter, but the scared learner is always a poor learner.”
― John Holt, How Children Fail

“Any serious social, political, and economic change must include veganism.”
― GaryLFrancione

“True patience is grounded in wisdom & compassion.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“When we are young, we spend much time and pains in filling our note-books with all definitions of Religion, Love, Poetry, Politics, Art, in the hope that, in the course of a few years, we shall have condensed into our encyclopaedia the net value of all the theories at which the world has yet arrived. But year after year our tables get no completeness, and at last we discover that our curve is a parabola, whose arcs will never meet.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays

“There is an efficiency inspired by love which goes far beyond and is much greater than the efficiency of ambition; and without love, which brings an integrated understanding of life, efficiency breeds ruthlessness. Is this not what is actually taking place all over the world? Our present education is geared to industrialization and war, its principal aim being to develop efficiency; and we are caught in this machine of ruthless competition and mutual destruction. If education leads to war, if it teaches us to destroy or be destroyed, has it not utterly failed?”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life

“You cannot live a nonviolent life as long as you are consuming violence. Please consider going vegan.”
― GaryLFrancione

“...primarily the individual is going to study at home.”
― Richard Buckminster Fuller, Education Automation: Freeing the Scholar to Return to His Studies

“As Mary delivered what was to be her last lecture about the Galapagos Islands, she would be stopped mid-sentence for five seconds by a doubt which, if expressed in words, might have come out something like this: "Maybe I'm just a crazy lady who had wandered off the street and into this classroom and started explaining the mysteries of life to these people. And they believe me, although I am utterly mistaken about simply everything."

She had to wonder, too, about all the supposedly great teachers of the past, who, although their brains were healthy, had turned out to be as wrong as Roy about what was really going on.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Galápagos

“I would say, then, that you are faced with a future in which education is going to be number one amongst the great world industries.”
― Richard Buckminster Fuller, Education Automation: Freeing the Scholar to Return to His Studies

“Speciesism is morally objectionable because, like racism, sexism, and heterosexism, it links personhood with an irrelevant criterion. Those who reject speciesism are committed to rejecting racism, sexism, heterosexism, and other forms of discrimination as well.”
― GaryLFrancione

“Behind a life of influence you will find a masterful storyteller.”
― Mollie Marti

“The notion that we should promote “happy” or “humane” exploitation as “baby steps” ignores that welfare reforms do not result in providing significantly greater protection for animal interests; in fact, most of the time, animal welfare reforms do nothing more than make animal exploitation more economically productive by focusing on practices, such as gestation crates, the electrical stunning of chickens, or veal crates, that are economically inefficient in any event. Welfare reforms make animal exploitation more profitable by eliminating practices that are economically vulnerable. For the most part, those changes would happen anyway and in the absence of animal welfare campaigns precisely because they do rectify inefficiencies in the production process. And welfare reforms make the public more comfortable about animal exploitation. The “happy” meat/animal products movement is clear proof of that.

We would never advocate for “humane” or "happy” human slavery, rape, genocide, etc. So, if we believe that animals matter morally and that they have an interest not only in not suffering but in continuing to exist, we should not be putting our time and energy into advocating for “humane” or “happy” animal exploitation.”
― GaryLFrancione

“He worked with her as she was and not as he wanted her to be.”
― Colin Clark, My Week With Marilyn

“If we take the position that an assessment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism is not possible because we are all “on our own journey,” then moral assessment becomes completely impossible or is speciesist. It is impossible because if we are all “on our own journey,” then there is nothing to say to the racist, sexist, anti-semite, homophobe, etc. If we say that those forms of discrimination are morally bad, but, with respect to animals, we are all “on our own journey” and we cannot make moral assessments about, for instance, dairy consumption, then we are simply being speciesist and not applying the same moral analysis to nonhumans that we apply to the human context.”
― GaryLFrancione

“[E]ducation is a holistic endeavor that involves the whole person, including our bodies, in a process of formation that aims our desires, primes our imagination, and orients us to the world -- all before we ever start thinking about it.”
― James K.A. Smith, Desiring the Kingdom: Worship, Worldview, and Cultural Formation

“Honor your relationships by developing listening skills.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“In this world, it's not enough to have a fine education. You need a piece of paper to prove you got it.”
― Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses

“I may not have a degree, but I certainly got an education.”
― Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf

“If we are ever going to see a paradigm shift, we have to be clear about how we want the present paradigm to shift.

We must be clear that veganism is the unequivocal baseline of anything that deserves to be called an “animal rights” movement. If “animal rights” means anything, it means that we cannot morally justify any animal exploitation; we cannot justify creating animals as human resources, however “humane” that treatment may be.

We must stop thinking that people will find veganism “daunting” and that we have to promote something less than veganism. If we explain the moral ideas and the arguments in favor of veganism clearly, people will understand. They may not all go vegan immediately; in fact, most won’t. But we should always be clear about the moral baseline. If someone wants to do less as an incremental matter, let that be her/his decision, and not something that we advise to do. The baseline should always be clear. We should never be promoting “happy” or “humane” exploitation as morally acceptable.”
― GaryLFrancione

“We had some good times at school. I didn't know how good those times was till I left, but I guess that's the way of it”
― Ron Rash, Serena

“There are some animal advocates who say that to maintain that veganism is the moral baseline is objectionable because it is “judgmental,” or constitutes a judgment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism and a condemnation that vegetarians (or other consumers of animal products) are “bad” people. Yes to the first part; no to the second. There is no coherent distinction between flesh and other animal products. They are all the same and we cannot justify consuming any of them. To say that you do not eat flesh but that you eat dairy or eggs or whatever, or that you don’t wear fur but you wear leather or wool, is like saying that you eat the meat from spotted cows but not from brown cows; it makers no sense whatsoever. The supposed “line” between meat and everything else is just a fantasy–an arbitrary distinction that is made to enable some exploitation to be segmented off and regarded as “better” or as morally acceptable. This is not a condemnation of vegetarians who are not vegans; it is, however, a plea to those people to recognize their actions do not conform with a moral principle that they claim to accept and that all animal products are the result of imposing suffering and death on sentient beings. It is not a matter of judging individuals; it is, however, a matter of judging practices and institutions. And that is a necessary component of ethical living.”
― GaryLFrancione

“We should never present flesh as somehow morally distinguishable from dairy. To the extent it is morally wrong to eat flesh, it is as morally wrong — and possibly more morally wrong — to consume dairy”
― GaryLFrancione

“You musn't neglect your education in favor of your studies.”
― Nick O'Donohoe, The Magic and the Healing

“Education is a lifetime assignment & terminates when you do.”
― Orrin Woodward, LIFE

“An abolitionist is, as I have developed that notion, one who (1) maintains that we cannot justify animal use, however “humane” it may be; (2) rejects welfare campaigns that seek more “humane” exploitation, or single-issue campaigns that seek to portray one form of animal exploitation as morally worse than other forms of animal exploitation (e.g., a campaign that seeks to distinguish fur from wool or leather); and (3) regards veganism, or the complete rejection of the consumption or use of any animal products, as a moral baseline. An abolitionist regards creative, nonviolent vegan education as the primary form of activism, because she understands that the paradigm will not shift until we address demand and educate people to stop thinking of animals as things we eat, wear, or use as our resources.”
― GaryLFrancione

“The rights paradigm, which, as I interpret it, morally requires the abolition of animal exploitation and requires veganism as a matter of fundamental justice, is radically different from the welfarist paradigm, which, in theory focuses on reducing suffering, and, in reality, focuses on tidying up animal exploitation at its economically inefficient edges. In science, those who subscribe to one paradigm are often unable to understand and engage those who subscribe to another paradigm precisely because the theoretical language that they use is not compatible.

I think that the situation is similar in the context of the debate between animal rights and animal welfare. And that is why welfarists simply cannot understand or accept the slavery analogy.”
― GaryLFrancione

“La actual preocupación casi histérica por la seguridad es en el mejor de los casos un derroche de recursos y un obstáculo para el espíritu humano, y en el peor de los casos una invitación al totalitarismo. Se necesita con urgencia educación pública.”
― Michael Crichton, State of Fear

“I think about my education sometimes. I went to the University of Chicago for awhile after the Second World War. I was a student in the Department of Anthropology. At that time they were teaching that there was absolutely no difference between anybody.

They may be teaching that still.

Another thing they taught was that no one was ridiculous or bad or disgusting. Shortly before my father died, he said to me, ‘You know – you never wrote a story with a villain in it.’

I told him that was one of the things I learned in college after the war.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five

“Once upon a time, all children were homeschooled. They were not sent away from home each day to a place just for children but lived, learned, worked, and played in the real world, alongside adults and other children of all ages.”
― Rachel Gathercole, The Well-Adjusted Child: The Social Benefits of Homeschooling

“It's not that I feel that school is a good idea gone wrong, but a wrong idea from the word go. It's a nutty notion that we can have a place where nothing but learning happens, cut off from the rest of life.”
― John Holt

“What all good teachers have in common, however, is that they set high standards for their students and do not settle for anything less.”
― Marva Collins, Marva Collins' Way: Updated

“With a philosophy education, one can infuriate his peers, intimidate his date, think of obscure, unreliable ways to make money, and never regret a thing.”
― Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality

“He did not like the grown-ups who talked down to him, but the ones who went on talking in their usual way, leaving him to leap along in their wake, jumping at meanings, guessing, clutching at known words, and chuckling at complicated jokes as they suddenly dawned. He had the glee of the porpoise then, pouring and leaping through strange seas.”
― T.H. White, The Sword in the Stone

“Education becomes most rich and alive when it confronts the reality of moral conflict in the world.”
― Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times

“His education had been neither scientific nor classical—merely “Modern.” The severities both of abstraction and of high human tradition had passed him by: and he had neither peasant shrewdness nor aristocratic honour to help him. He was a man of straw, a glib examinee in subjects that require no exact knowledge (he had always done well on Essays and General Papers) and the first hint of a real threat to his bodily life knocked him sprawling.”
― C.S. Lewis, That Hideous Strength

“The foundation of reverence is this perception, that the present holds within itself the complete sum of existence, backwards and forwards, that whole amplitude of time, which is eternity.”
― Alfred North Whitehead

“I’d compare college tuition to paying for a personal trainer at an athletic club. We professors play the roles of trainers, giving people access to the equipment (books, labs, our expertise) and after that, it is our job to be demanding.”
― Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture

“And there's this place called college! I mean, they want you to care, dig it, care about this education trip, and they don't care enough themselves to make it as attractive as the crap game across the street!”
― Spider Robinson, Callahan's Crosstime Saloon

“I had always insisted that a good education was a synthesis of book learning and involvement in social action, that each enriched the other. I wanted my students to know that the accumulation of knowledge, while fascinating in itself, is not sufficient as long as so many people in the world have no opportunity to experience that fascination.”
― Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times

“I've managed to bring the backlog down to a mere sixty-eight years," she announced with some small sense of achievement. "I hope to be able to start marking the papers of pupils who are still alive by the end of the decade.”
― Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey

“But when they began handing out doctorates for comparative folk dancing and advanced fly-fishing, I became too stink in’ proud to use the title. I won’t touch watered whiskey and I take no pride in watered-down degrees.”
― Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land

“The end then of learning is to repair the ruins of our first parents by regaining to know God aright, and out of that knowledge to love him, to imitate him, to be like him, as we may the nearest by possessing our souls of true virtue, which being united to the heavenly grace of faith makes up the highest perfection.”
― John Milton, Milton on Education, the Tractate of Education,: With Supplementary Extracts from Other Writings of Milton

“When the atmosphere encourages learning, the learning is inevitable.”
― Elizabeth Foss, Real Learning: Education In The Heart Of The Home

“If you've had the right kind of education, it's amazing how many things you can find to feel guilty about.”
― Pete McCarthy, McCarthy's Bar: A Journey of Discovery in Ireland

“He had been educated in no habits of application and concentration. The system which had addressed him in exactly the same manner as it had addressed hundreds of other boys, all varying in character and capacity, had enabled him to dash through his tasks, always with fair credit and often with distinction, but in a fitful, dazzling way that had confirmed his reliance on those very qualities in himself which it had been most desirable to direct and train. They were good qualities, without which no high place can be meritoriously won, but like fire and water, though excellent servants, they were very bad masters. If they had been under Richard’s direction, they would have been his friends; but Richard being under their direction, they became his enemies.”
― Charles Dickens, Bleak House

“Respect is tendered with pleasure only where it is not exacted.”
― Anne Robert Jacques Turgot, The Turgot Collection

“Thus if we know a child has had sufficient opportunity to observe and acquire a behavioral sequence, and we know he is physically capable of performing the act but does not do so, then it is reasonable to assume that it is motivation which is lacking. The appropriate countermeasure then involves increasing the subjective value of the desired act relative to any competing response tendencies he might have, rather than having the model senselessly repeat an already redundant sequence of behavior.”
― Urie Bronfenbrenner, Two Worlds of Childhood: U. S. & U. S. S. R.

“A common misconception of education comes when the definition of education narrows to the intellectual. The child is compartmentalized. He is not seen as a whole person, fully-integrated with physical, emotional, spiritual and intellectual capacities. Thus, if an educational program attempts to address the child's intellect while ignoring his spiritual and emotional development, the approach is sadly ignoring the true reality of the child. Likewise, those who separate the spiritual and emotional part of a child from the intellectual make a big mistake. You cannot delegate only the intellectual training of your child to professionals and retain just the spiritual and emotional for yourself. Whatever class is taught, the whole child is affected.”
― Kevin Swanson

“When we teach a child patience we offer them the gift of a dignified life.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“Love as education is one of the great powers of the world, but it hangs in a delicate suspension; it achieves its harmony as seldom as does love by the senses. Frustrated, it creates even greater havoc, for like all love it is a madness.”
― Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March

“Education occurs when students set out to educate themselves… the student will only learn, can only learn, what he chooses to learn…(An) advantage of not pushing is an innate sense (his) education is (his) responsibility and reward.”
― Oliver DeMille

“Mindfulness can play a big role in transforming our experience with pain & other difficulties; it allows us to recognize the authenticity of the distress & yet not be overwhelmed by it.”
― Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness: The Power of Meditation

“A Christian goes to college to discover his vocation - and to develop skills necessary to occupy a section of cultural, intellectual domain in a manner worthy of the kingdom of God.

A believer also goes to college to gain general information and habits of thought necessary for developing a well-structured soul suitable for a well-informed, good citizen of both earthly and heavenly kingdoms.”
― JP Morelands

“A teacher will be frustrated if she is only motivated to teach what she has learned. Yet, if she is motivated because of the students, then she will learn from them how to teach.”
― Tanya R. Liverman, Memoirs of an Educarer: An Inspiration for Education

“In order to fix it, you need a passionate anger about something that doesn't work well.”
― James Dyson

“Do you know that when one who has influence with youth- be he teacher, leader or parent- seriously weakens the foundations upon which a young person has built, by faith-destroying challenges the youngster is not yet equipped to meet, he fashions a disciple who has been effectively cut loose from fundamentals at a time when he needs most to rely on them? The challenger may himself be a moral, educated, well-meaning person of integrity, doing what he does in the name of honesty and truth. His own character may have been formed in an atmosphere of faith and conviction which, through his influence, he may now help to destroy in his young follower. "Disenchanted" himself in his mature years, he turns his powers on an immature mind and leaves it ready prey for nostrums and superstitions and behavior he himself would disdain.”
― Marion D. Hanks, The Gift of Self

“My teacher's mind and my interest in youth has brought me to some renewed conclusions, and I pass them on earnestly to mature persons who are given to assisting young people off the trail. The dictionary has a word for them: iconoclast. It is defined as, "one who attacks cherished beliefs as shames." What if the cherished beliefs that are attacked along the way are true? What if they are the very beliefs that make these boys and girls worthwhile, promising people they are? What if the foundations of their faith are effectively shaken at this crucial period, and they dangle, with no substantial footings to stand on?”
― Marion D. Hanks

“The effects you will have on your students are infinite and currently unknown; you will possibly shape the way they proceed in their careers, the way they will vote, the way they will behave as partners and spouses, the way they will raise their kids.”
― Donna Quesada, Buddha in the Classroom: Zen Wisdom to Inspire Teachers

“We do not trust educated people and rarely, alas, produce them, for we do not trust the independence of mind which alone makes a genuine education possible.”
― James Baldwin, Nobody Knows My Name

“Unless education promotes character making, unless it helps men to be more moral, more just to their fellows, more law abiding, more discriminatingly patriotic and public spirited, it is not worth the trouble taken to furnish it.”
― William Howard Taft

“Why don't we want our children to learn to do mathematics? Is it that we don't trust them, that we think it's too hard? We seem to feel that they are capable of making arguments and coming to their own conclusions about Napoleon. Why not about triangles?”
― Paul Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form

“Your life can be different, Young Ju. Study and be strong. In America, women have choices.”
― An Na, A Step from Heaven

“I never heard that it had been anybody’s business to find out what his natural bent was, or where his failings lay, or to adapt any kind of knowledge to him. He had been adapted to the verses and had learnt the art of making them to such perfection. I did doubt whether Richard would not have profited by some one studying him a little, instead of his studying them quite so much.”
― Charles Dickens, Bleak House

“I want students to engage the way a clutch on a car gets engaged: an engine can be running, making appropriate noises, burning fuel and creating exhaust fumes, but unless the clutch is engaged, nothing moves. It's all sound and smoke, and nobody gets anywhere.”
― Robert L. Fried, The Passionate Teacher: A Practical Guide

“An education is truly “fitted for freedom” only if it is such as to produce free citizens, citizens who are free not because of wealth or birth, but because they can call their minds their own. Male and female, slave-born and freeborn, rich and poor, they have looked into themselves and developed the ability to separate mere habit and convention from what they can defend by argument. They have ownership of their own thought and speech, and this imparts to them a dignity that is far beyond the outer dignity of class and rank.”
― Martha Nussbaum

“Consider now the primal scene of education in the modern elementary school. Let us assume that a teacher wishes to inform a class of some 20 pupils about the structure of atoms, and that she plans to base the day's instruction on an analogy with the solar system. She knows that the instruction will be effective only to the extent that all the students in the class already know about the solar system. A good teacher would probably try to find out. 'Now, class, how many of you know about the solar system?' Fifteen hands go up. Five stay down. What is a teacher to do in this typical circumstance in the contemporary American school?

"If he or she pauses to explain the solar system, a class period is lost, and 15 of the 20 students are bored and deprived of knowledge for that day. If the teacher plunges ahead with atomic structure, the hapless five—they are most likely to be poor or minority students—are bored, humiliated and deprived, because they cannot comprehend the teacher's explanation.”
― E.D. Hirsch

“Sometimes, the way around prejudice is education.”
― Liza Mundy, Michelle: A Biography

“Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then...do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.”
― Lee Iacocca

“We have to start from the ground up and reconsider what education is. In my language, I'd like to see us educate the soul, and not just the mind. The result would be a person who could be in the world creatively, make good friendships, live in a place he loved, do work that is rewarding, and make a contribution to the community. People say that the word "educate" means to "draw out" a person's potential. But I like the "duc" - part in the middle of it. To be educated is to become a duke, a leader, a person of stature and color, a presence and a character.”
― Thomas Moore

“Both of these students- both high school seniors both old enough to vote in the upcoming election- thought 'Al' Qaeda was a person. At that time the United States had been at war for five and a half years and here were two students two young adults leaving the educational system who had never heard of al Qaeda. Both by the way had passed the multiple-choice reading section of the state's high school exit exam.”
― Kelly Gallagher, Readicide: How Schools Are Killing Reading and What You Can Do About It

“I don't have a problem with these Arizona laws. I have a problem with Chicano, Gay and Lesbian, Asian-American and African-American histories not being taught in American History courses.”
― MG Hardie

“Improving intelligence is possible, but it is more likely to occur if children are given the right experiences at the right ages.”
― Dennis Garlick

“My mother delayed my enrollment in the Fascist scouts, the Balilla, as long as possible, firstly because she did not want me to learn how to handle weapons, but also because the meetings that were then held on Sunday mornings (before the Fascist Saturday was instituted) consisted mostly of a Mass in the scouts' chapel. When I had to be enrolled as part of my school duties, she asked that I be excused from the Mass; this was impossible for disciplinary reasons, but my mother saw to it that the chaplain and the commander were aware that I was not a Catholic and that I should not be asked to perform any external acts of devotion in church.

In short, I often found myself in situations different from others, looked on as if I were some strange animal. I do not think this harmed me: one gets used to persisting in one's habits, to finding oneself isolated for good reasons, to putting up with the discomfort that this causes, to finding the right way to hold on to positions which are not shared by the majority.

But above all I grew up tolerant of others' opinions, particularly in the field of religion, remembering how irksome it was to hear myself mocked because I did not follow the majority's beliefs. And at the same time I have remained totally devoid of that taste for anticlericalism which is so common in those who are educated surrounded by religion.

I have insisted on setting down these memories because I see that many non-believing friends let their children have a religious education 'so as not to give them complexes', 'so that they don't feel different from the others.' I believe that this behavior displays a lack of courage which is totally damaging pedagogically. Why should a young child not begin to understand that you can face a small amount of discomfort in order to stay faithful to an idea?

And in any case, who said that young people should not have complexes? Complexes arise through a natural attrition with the reality that surrounds us, and when you have complexes you try to overcome them. Life is in fact nothing but this triumphing over one's own complexes, without which the formation of a character and personality does not happen.”
― Italo Calvino, Hermit in Paris: Autobiographical Writings

“The essence of education is, in the words of William James, to teach a person what deserves to be valued, to impart ideals as well as knowledge, to cultivate in students the ability to distinguish the true and good from their counterfeits and the wisdom to prefer the former to the latter.”
― William J. Bennett, Choosing the Right College: The Whole Truth about America's Top Schools

“Here is a truth that most teachers will not tell you, even if they know it: Good training is a continual friend and a solace; it helps you now, and assures you of help in the future. Good education is a continual pain in the neck, and assures you always of more of the same.”
― Richard Mitchell, The Gift of Fire

“I suppose I was lucky enough to be educated at a time when teachers still thought children could handle knowledge. They trusted us. Then there came a time when they decided that because not every kid in the class could understand or remember those things they wouldn't teach them anymore because it wasn't fair on the less good ones. So they withheld knowledge. Then I suppose the next lot of teachers didn't have the knowledge to withhold.”
― Sebastian Faulks, A Week in December

“No matter how righteous you are, no matter how carefully you
cultivate the companionship of the Holy Ghost, there are vast amounts of knowledge which you need to acquire
and which you are not going to receive through revelation.”
― Rex E. Lee

“To some education is just a bore; to most education is food for the brain and enrichment for the present and future.”
― Ana Monnar

“Training is a good dog, a constant companion and an utterly loyal and devoted friend, and everyone should have one. Education is a nagging counselor. And, I am convinced, everyone does have one. It happens, however, that some nagging counselors have grown strong by a certain kind of nourishment. Others are weak and puny, even infantile, having never been nourished at all.”
― Richard Mitchell, The Gift of Fire

“People have now a-days, (said he,) got a strange opinion that every thing should be taught by lectures. Now, I cannot see that lectures can do so much good as reading the books from which the lectures are taken. I know nothing that can be best taught by lectures, except where experiments are to be shewn. You may teach chymistry by lectures.—You might teach making of shoes by lectures!”
― Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson Including a Journal of a Tour to the Hebrides, Vol 2

“Jack Woodson is currently living and working in Dallas, TX. He has forty children, and all of them have different mothers.”
― John Pearson, Learn Me Good

“A beautiful bright blue sky; up above so high; how happy i am; to feel fully satisfied.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“While it is positive for young black males and females to learn discipline and self-responsibility, those attitudes, values, and habits of being can be taught with pedagogical strategies that are liberatory, that do not rely on coercive control and punishment to reinforce positive behavior.”
― bell hooks, Killing Rage: Ending Racism

“Where are we as a modern civilization if our educational institutions conspire to train only a fraction of our capacities? and if this is all they can really do, then why not acknowledge that fact openly and give legitimacy to the other alternative forms of education that do cultivate those neglected dimensions of personality, instead of pretending that anything lying outside the standards set by the Wester analytic tradition is either inferior, anti-intellectual, or diabolic? (p. 293-294)”
― Eugene Taylor, Shadow Culture: Psychology and Spirituality in America

“Ralph Nimmo carecía de título universitario y se enorgullecía de ello. -Un título [...] es el primer paso de un recorrido calamitoso. Como no quieres desperdiciarlo, pasas al trabajo de graduado y a la investigación doctoral. Terminas por ser un absoluto ignorante de todo, excepto en tu estrechísima especialidad.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Man kills, the things he love the most, sometimes by the virtue of hatred, crime, anger and war and sometimes by dramatizing his activities. But he is not aware that his killings are his own self-image.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“When freedom prevails, the ingenuity and inventiveness of people creates incredible wealth. This is the source of the natural improvement of the human condition.”
― Brian S. Wesbury

“People are afraid of being more ignorant than their children―especially, apparantly, their daughters.”
― Daniel C. Dennett, Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon

“Not with whom you are born, but with whom you are bred.”
― Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote

“Les enfants sont par définition des apprentis, et apprendre est l'activité humaine qui nécessite le moins de manipulation par autrui. La majeure partie de l'apprentissage n'est pas le resultat de l'instruction. Elle serait plutôt le résultat d'une participation dans un environnement chargé de sens.”
― Ivan Illich

“Schools and schoolmasters, as we have them today, are not popular as places of education and teachers, but rather prisons and turnkeys in which children are kept to prevent them disturbing and chaperoning their parent.”
― George Bernard Shaw

“The more Adams thought about the future of his country, the more convinced he became that it rested on education. Before any great things are accomplished, he wrote to a correspondent, a memorable change must be made in the system of education and knowledge must become so general as to raise the lower ranks of society nearer to the higher. The education of a nation instead of being confined to a few schools and universities for the instruction of the few, must become the national care and expense for the formation of the many.”
― David McCullough, John Adams

“L'éducation est un processus culturel (...) par lequel chaque nouvel individu est transformé en membre à part entière d'une société humaine particulière, partageant avec les autres membres une culture particulière.”
― Margaret Meade-Featherstonhaugh

“Will robot teachers replace human teachers? No, but they can complement them. Moreover, the could be sufficient in situations where there is no alternative––to enable learning while traveling, or while in remote locations, or when one wishes to study a topic for which there is not easy access to teachers. Robot teachers will help make lifelong learning a practicality. They can make it possible to learn no matter where one is in the world, no matter the time of day. Learning should take place when it is needed, when the learner is interested, not according to some arbitrary, fixed schedule”
― Donald A. Norman, Emotional Design: Why We Love (or Hate) Everyday Things

“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.
Third should come understanding.
Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.”
― Hyrum Yeakley

“Kashmir issue was created out of fear, mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage, trust, and friendliness. It should be solved from the ground of development of brotherhood, education and prosperity and not from the ground of religion, terrorism or military actions. It just needs more character, more courage and more compassion.”
― Amit Ray, Nuclear Weapons Free World Peace on the Earth

“Nations, as well as men, almost always betray the most prominent features of their future destiny in their earliest years.”
― Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America

“..I met two young guys from the Oregon National Guard... The lieutenant told me about their temporary barracks in an old neighborhood high school. He told me that he was disgusted that kids ever went to school there, and that in Oregon the place would have been bulldozed and rebuilt so that kids could have a proper place to learn. He seemed troubled that all of this was happening in America. He realized that many of the problems he was seeing in New Orleans existed before the storm, and he wanted to know why people had put up with it and why they hadn't voted out of office the people who had let this happen. I told him I didn't know, but maybe we could change things in New Orleans in the future. He seemed hopeful. I felt less certain.”
― Billy Sothern, Down in New Orleans: Reflections from a Drowned City

“Every day the same things came up; the work was never done, and the tedium of it began to weigh on me. Part of what made English a difficult subject for Korean students was the lack of a more active principle in their learning. They were accustomed to receiving, recording, and memorizing. That's the Confucian mode. As a student, you're not supposed to question a teacher; you should avoid asking for explanations because that might reveal a lack of knowledge, which can be seen as an insult to the teacher's efforts. You don't have an open, free exchange with teachers as we often have here in the West. And further, under this design, a student doesn't do much in the way of improvisation or interpretation.

This approach might work well for some pursuits, may even be preferred--indeed, I was often amazed by the way Koreans learned crafts and skills, everything from basketball to calligraphy, for example, by methodically studying and reproducing a defined set of steps (a BBC report explained how the North Korean leader Kim Jong Il had his minions rigorously study the pizza-making techniques used by Italian chefs so that he could get a good pie at home, even as thousands of his subjects starved)--but foreign-language learning, the actual speaking component most of all, has to be more spontaneous and less rigid.

We all saw this played out before our eyes and quickly discerned the problem. A student cannot hope to sit in a class and have a language handed over to him on sheets of paper.”
― Cullen Thomas, Brother One Cell: An American Coming of Age in South Korea's Prisons

“You can’t destroy knowledge. You can stamp it under and burn it up and forbid it to be, but somewhere it will survive.”
― Leigh Brackett, The Long Tomorrow

“Nós, pais erramos muito e frequentemente porque os manuais são genéricos e nosso produto específico.”
― Carlos Messa, O Poder dos Pais no desenvolvimento emocional e cognitivo dos filhos

“Wo ein Gebildeter weilt, kann keine Rohheit aufkommen.”
― Konfuzius, Gespräche

“Hey there, Hallie, welcome to the next place we need a Deer Crossing sign.'
I didn't know that deers could read.'
They can in Cosgrove County. It's part of the No Deer Left Behind program.”
― Laura Pedersen, Best Bet

“Many little people, in little places, doing little things, can change the world.”
― Eduardo Galeano

“A criança ao nascer já traz um determinado potencial; são os pais, no entanto, que podem torná-la capaz de realizar esse potencial”
― Carlos Messa, O Poder dos Pais no desenvolvimento emocional e cognitivo dos filhos

“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“Gewalt ist die letzte Zuflucht des Unfähigen.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Doomed is a nation that puts a price tag on information and label it "education”
― pfano percy rathogwa

“Too much study wears the body. BUT the truth refreshes the soul, sustains the spirit for a beautiful body.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A woman with a good education was compared to a madman with a sword: she would be a danger to herself and to others.”
― Tracy Borman, Thomas Cromwell: The Untold Story of Henry VIII's Most Faithful Servant

“Der Lehrer [...] gibt nicht von seiner Weisheit, sondern eher von seinem Glauben und seiner Liebe.”
― Khalil Gibran

“Teach the people the Word before converting and baptizing them”
― Sunday Adelaja

“L'instruction! Voyez ce que c'est, monsieur, que l'instruction. On apprend quelque chose à l'école, on se donne même du mal, beaucoup de mal, pour apprendre quelque chose à l'école, et puis vingt ans après, ou même avant, ce n'est plus ça, les choses ont changé, on ne sait plus rien, alors vraiment ce n'était pas la peine. Aussi je préfère penser qu'apprendre.”
― Raymond Queneau, The Blue Flowers

“They say that an educated inmate will not reoffend. This is not because an education assures that this guy will get hired somewhere. It is because his view is larger and more educated, so that he can be rejected at ninety-three job interviews and still not give up. He's acquired resilience.”
― Gregory Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of Boundless Compassion

“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
― Compton Gage

“The village schoolmaster took us for instructive walks ('what you hear is the sound of a scythe being sharpened' ; 'that field there will be given a rest next season ';'oh, just a small bird...no special name '; 'if that peasant is drunk, it is because he is poor ') 71”
― Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory

“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“As a result of his experiments he concluded that imitation was a real evil that had to be broken before real rhetoric teaching could begin. This imitation seemed to be an external compulsion. Little children didn’t have it. It seemed to come later on, possibly as a result of school itself.

That sounded right, and the more he thought about it the more right it sounded. Schools teach you to imitate. If you don’t imitate what the teacher wants you get a bad grade. Here, in college, it was more sophisticated, of course; you were supposed to imitate the teacher in such a way as to convince the teacher you were not imitating, but taking the essence of the instruction and going ahead with it on your own. That got you A’s. Originality on the other hand could get you anything – from A to F. The whole grading system cautioned against it.”
― Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values

“If doctors are paid the same salary as bus drivers, community would not be crazy about making their children doctors”
― Nouman Ali Khan

“It is the task of the enlightened not only to ascend to learning and to see the good but to be willing to descend again to those prisoners and to share their troubles and their honors, whether they are worth having or not. And this they must do, even with the prospect of death.”
― Plato, The Allegory of the Cave

“The meaning of a story should go on expanding for the reader the more he thinks about it, but meaning cannot be captured in an interpretation. If teachers are in the habit of approaching a story as if it were a research problem for which any answer is believable so long as it is not obvious, then I think students will never learn to enjoy fiction. Too much interpretation is certainly worse than too little, and where feeling for a story is absent, theory will not supply it.”
― Flannery O'Connor, The Habit of Being: Letters of Flannery O'Connor

“The spread of secondary and latterly of tertiary education has created a large population of people, often with well-developed literary and scholarly tastes, who have been educated far beyond their capacity to undertake analytical thought.”
― Peter Medawar

“There are, and always have been, destructive pseudo-scientific notions linked to race and religion; these are the most widespread and damaging. Hopefully, educated people can succeed in shedding light into these areas of prejudice and ignorance, for as Voltaire once said: 'Men will commit atrocities as long as they believe absurdities.”
― Martin Gardner

“Real education should educate us out of self into something far finer; into a selflessness which links us with all humanity.”
― Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor

“Let the love of the moon kiss you good night,
let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”
― Debasish Mridha

“I spent half my childhood trying to be like my dad. True for most boys, I think. It turns with adolescence. The last thing I wanted was to be like my dad. It took becoming a man to realize how lucky I’d been. It took a few hard knocks in life to make me realize the only thing my dad had ever wanted or worked for was to give me a chance at being better than him.”
― Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season

“The path of light is the quest for knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“We study biology, physics, movements of glaciers... Where are the classes on envy, feeling wronged, despair, bitterness...”
― Alain de Botton

“I mean what else is there for a woman to do if she doesn't want to go from the parental to the marital home with nothing in between? 'An educated woman,'Millie amended. 'An educated woman,' Ursula agreed.”
― Kate Atkinson, Life After Life

“In trying to justify the humanities, as in trying to live a life, what may turn out to matter most is holding one's nerve.”
― Stefan Collini

“Thus did I receive, through the singing of these various hymns and the moral education that accompanied them, not only a religious, but a political schooling of sorts. For though the intertwining of morality and politics does not necessarily make for a clear understanding of the cynicism that governs world affairs., it does engender impatience with and a rejection of this cynicism, and a real belief in a more perfect, less unjust world. And though I regret not having been taught more about the real world, I have never regretted being taught this kind of morality first.”
― Jean Said Makdisi, Teta, Mother and Me: Three Generations of Arab Women

“Depth of understanding involves something which is more than merely a matter of deconstructive alertness; it involves a measure of interpretative charity and at least the beginnings of a wide responsiveness.”
― Stefan Collini

“You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“The boy knew that escaping school was the surest sign of his election.”
― Flannery O'Connor, The Violent Bear It Away

“First knowledge is the knowledge of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Do not be afraid ask questions.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“You learn almost as much about a thinker from what he reads—in particular, what he likes and what he disdains—as from what he writes himself.”
― Rodney Ulyate

“La ventaja competitiva de una sociedad no vendrá de lo bien que se enseñe en sus escuelas la multiplicación y las tablas periódicas, sino de lo bien que se sepa estimular la imaginación y la creatividad.”
― Walter Isaacson, Einstein: His Life and Universe

“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Open the book and read it to renew your mind.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“In so many ways we are still in the dark ages, but there is light appearing over the horizon of choice and consciousness.”
― Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason

“Joyfully we undertake our daily work.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“We can’t build a nation by keeping the teachers hungry.”
― M.F. Moonzajer

“Read books”
― Deliaha Hicks

“Education about gender and peace is important. Educational strategies to promote peace must consider all relations of dominance.”
― Widad Akrawi

“First step is to read and write but the major Education start when we are able to translate and tranform on everything we reads, get contact and spoken of.”
― Olawale Robyns

“Some people have a heart to do evil and they don’t care if you’re Muslim or Christian.”
― Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season

“the greatest service we can do to education today is to teach fewer subjects. No one has time to do more than a very few things well before he is twenty, and when we force a boy to be a mediocrity in a dozen subjects, we destroy his standards, perhaps for life.”
― C.S. Lewis, Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life

“To understand life is to understand ourselves, and that is both the beginning and the end of education.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life

“Just about a month from now I'm set adrift, with a diploma for a sail and lots of nerve for oars.”
― Richard Halliburton

“The more expensive a school is, the more crooks it has — I'm not kidding.”
― J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

“By starving the sensibility of our pupils we only make them easier prey to the propagandist when he comes. For famished nature will be avenged and a hard heart is no infallible protection against a soft head.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man

“The present convergence of crises––in money, energy, education, health, water, soil, climate, politics, the environment, and more––is a birth crisis, expelling us from the old world into a new.”
― Charles Eisenstein, Sacred Economics: Money, Gift, and Society in the Age of Transition

“He never reckoned much to schooling and that. He said you could learn most what was worth knowing from keeping your eyes and ears peeled. Best way of learning, he always said, was doing.”
― Michael Morpurgo, Farm Boy

“They visited him in saris, clumping gracelessly through red mud and long grass ... and introduced themselves as Mrs. Pillai, Mrs. Eapen and Mrs. Rajagopalan. Velutha introduced himself and his paralyzed brother Kuttappen (although he was fast asleep). He greeted them with the utmost courtesy. He addressed them all as Kochamma [an honorific title for a woman] and gave them fresh coconut water to drink. He chatted to them about the weather. The river. The fact that in his opinion coconut trees were getting shorter by the year. As were the ladies in Ayemenem. He introduced them to his surly hen. He showed them his carpentry tools, and whittled them each a little wooden spoon.

It is only now, these years later, that Rahel with adult hindsight recognized the sweetness of that gesture. A grown man entertaining three raccoons, treating them like real ladies. Instinctively colluding in the conspiracy of their fiction, taking care not to decimate it with adult carelessness. Or affection. [emphasis mine]

It is after all so easy to shatter a story. To break a chain of thought. To ruin a fragment of a dream being carried around carefully like a piece of porcelain.

To let it be, to travel with it, as Velutha did, is much the harder thing to do.”
― Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things

“the difference between the old and the new education being) in a word, the old was a kind of propagation - men transmitting manhood to men; the new is merely propaganda.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man

“When children are very young, they have natural curiosities about the world and explore them, trying diligently to figure out what is real. As they become "producers " they fall away from exploration and start fishing for the right answers with little thought. They believe they must always be right, so they quickly forget mistakes and how these mistakes were made. They believe that the only good response from the teacher is "yes," and that a "no" is defeat.”
― John Holt, How Children Fail

“If my duty to my parents is a superstition, then so is my duty to posterity. If justice is a superstition, then so is my duty to my country or my race. If the pursuit of scientific knowledge is a real value, then so is conjugal fidelity. The rebellion of new ideologies against the Tao is a rebellion of the branches against the tree: if the rebels could succeed they would find that they had destroyed themselves.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man

“A wise teacher learns in the midst of teaching; a wise student teaches in the midst of learning.”
― Mollie Marti

“The whole tendency of modern life is towards scientific planning and organisation, central control, standardisation, and specialisation. If this tendency was left to work itself out to its extreme conclusion, one might expect to see the state transformed into an immense social machine, all the individual components of which are strictly limited to the performance of a definite and specialised function, where there could be no freedom because the machine could only work smoothly as long as every wheel and cog performed its task with unvarying regularity. Now the nearer modern society comes to the state of total organisation, the more difficult it is to find any place for spiritual freedom and personal responsibility. Education itself becomes an essential part of the machine, for the mind has to be as completely measured and controlled by the techniques of the scientific expert as the task which it is being trained to perform.”
― Christopher Henry Dawson, Religion and World History: A Selection from the Works of Christopher Dawson

“A good education helps us make sense of the world and find our way in it”
― Mike Rose, Why School?

“If you’ve got a dozen pitchers, you need to speak 12 different languages.”
― Michael Lewis, Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game

“You go to school everyday. Folks who think they've learned everything they need to know are usually dumber than chickens.”
― Jodi Thomas

“Not long after the book came out I found myself being driven to a meeting
by a professor of electrical engineering in the graduate school I of MIT. He said that after reading the book he realized that his graduate students were using on him, and had used for the ten years and more he had been teaching there, all the evasive strategies I described in the book — mumble, guess-and-look, take a wild guess and see what happens, get the teacher to answer his own questions, etc.

But as I later realized, these are the games that all humans play when others
are sitting in judgment on them.”
― John Holt, How Children Fail

“He wastes his time over his writing, trying to accomplish what geniuses and rare men with college educations sometimes accomplish.”
― Jack London

“A Puritan twist in our nature makes us think that anything good for us must be twice as good if it's hard to swallow. Learning Greek and Latin used to play the role of character builder, since they were considered to be as exhausting and unrewarding as digging a trench in the morning and filling it up in the afternoon. It was what made a man, or a woman -- or more likely a robot -- of you. Now math serves that purpose in many schools: your task is to try to follow rules that make sense, perhaps, to some higher beings; and in the end to accept your failure with humbled pride. As you limp off with your aching mind and bruised soul, you know that nothing in later life will ever be as difficult.

What a perverse fate for one of our kind's greatest triumphs! Think how absurd it would be were music treated this way (for math and music are both excursions into sensuous structure): suffer through playing your scales, and when you're an adult you'll never have to listen to music again. And this is mathematics we're talking about, the language in which, Galileo said, the Book of the World is written. This is mathematics, which reaches down into our deepest intuitions and outward toward the nature of the universe -- mathematics, which explains the atoms as well as the stars in their courses, and lets us see into the ways that rivers and arteries branch. For mathematics itself is the study of connections: how things ideally must and, in fact, do sort together -- beyond, around, and within us. It doesn't just help us to balance our checkbooks; it leads us to see the balances hidden in the tumble of events, and the shapes of those quiet symmetries behind the random clatter of things. At the same time, we come to savor it, like music, wholly for itself. Applied or pure, mathematics gives whoever enjoys it a matchless self-confidence, along with a sense of partaking in truths that follow neither from persuasion nor faith but stand foursquare on their own. This is why it appeals to what we will come back to again and again: our **architectural instinct** -- as deep in us as any of our urges.”
― Ellen Kaplan, Out of the Labyrinth: Setting Mathematics Free

“Give a man a hoe and he is something to exploit. Give him a book and he is something to fear.”
― Eric Burns, The Joy of Books

“I follow the course marked out by my principles and, what is more, enjoy a deep and noble pleasure in following it. You deeply despise the human race, at least our part of it; you think it not only fallen but incapable of ever rising again... For my part, as I feel neither the right nor the wish to entertain such opinions of my species and my country, I think it is not necessary to despair of them. In my opinion, human societies, like individuals, amount to something only in liberty...And God forbid that my mind should ever be crossed by the thought that it is necessary to despair of success... You will allow me to have less confidence in your teaching than in the goodness and justice of God.”
― Alexis de Tocqueville

“I have the impression that our children are much more excited about going to school than children in other countries are. They think of it as a special privilege. Going to school, being with other children, getting books and pencils - all of that is like a dream for them.”
― Cheryl Benard quoting Shahla Asad, Veiled Courage: Inside the Afghan Women's Resistance

“Good work, like good talk or any other form of worthwhile human relationship, depends upon being able to assume an extended shared world.”
― Stefan Collini

“Purple Mike promises to be an intriguing read that will teach anyone who wants to know about the highs and lows of drug addiction. Purple Mike is a legal, natural high. Enjoy reading.”
― Sin Mils

“Let failure be your workshop. See it for what is is: the world walking you through a tough but necessary semester, free of tuition. (from Workbook)”
― Steven Heighton

“Research highlights a striking link between between encouraging child-raising and class. Half of working-class parents' interactions with their 12-18 month-olds were affirming, versus 80% among the affluent and 20% among those in poverty.”
― Betty Hart, Meaningful Differences in the Everyday Experience of Young American Children

“I don't care what kind of grades they give you at Delcroix. I wanted you to go there so you'd have a chance to learn how to use your gifts, and be confident enough to fight for what you believe in.”
― Inara Scott, The Marked

“We are in the process of disabling our most distinctive achievement - our educational system - in the name of making the country more like itself.”
― Marilynne Robinson

“Shifting the frame only slightly, the choice of a theory from among the range of always ideologically founded theories is itself necessarily ideologically motivated. Positioning is unavoidable; positioning is the result of choice from among a range of possibilities; that choice is socially meaningful - it is ideological.”
― Gunther Kress, Multimodality: A Social Semiotic Approach to Contemporary Communication: Exploring Contemporary Methods of Communication

“The (nation) state's concern had been the development of citizens - social subjects whose identity was shaped by the goals of the state - and the preparation of a labour force serving the needs of a national economy and administration. That state was interested in cohesion, integration and homogeneity - however imperfectly realized. The globally framed interests of current versions of the market are neither about citizenship - shared social values, aspirations, dispositions - nor about the preparation of a labour force.....”
― Gunther Kress, Multimodality: A Social Semiotic Approach to Contemporary Communication: Exploring Contemporary Methods of Communication

“A tax-supported, compulsory educational system is the complete model of the totalitarian state.”
― Isabel Paterson, God of the Machine

“Education may well be, as of right, the instrument whereby every individual, in a society like our own, can gain access to any kind of discourse. But we well know that in its distribution, in what it permits and in what it prevents, it follows the well-trodden battle-lines of social conflict. Every educational system is a political means of maintaining or of modifying the appropriation of discourse, with the knowledge and the powers it carries with it.”
― Michel Foucault

“Getting an education is an awfully wearing process!”
― Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs

“In large part, we are teachers precisely because we remember what it was like to be a student. Someone inspired us. Someone influenced us. Or someone hurt us. And we’ve channeled that joy (or pain) into our own unique philosophies on life and learning and we’re always looking for an opportunity to share them—with each other, our students, parents, or in our communities.”
― Tucker Elliot

“We as economic society are going to have to pay our whole population to go to school and pay it to stay at school.”
― Richard Buckminster Fuller, Education Automation: Freeing the Scholar to Return to His Studies

“Stand aside for a while and leave room for learning, observe carefully what children do, and then, if you have understood well, perhaps teaching will be different from before.”
― Loris Malaguzzi

“You honor yourself by acting with dignity and composure.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“When I was twelve I was obsessed. Everything was sex. Latin was sex. The dictionary fell open at 'meretrix', a harlot. You could feel the mystery coming off the word like musk. 'Meretrix'! This was none of your mensa-a-table, this was a flash from a forbidden planet, and it was everywhere. History was sex, French was sex, art was sex, the Bible, poetry, penfriends, games, music, everything was sex except biology which was obviously sex but not really sex, not the one which was secret and ecstatic and wicked and a sacrament and all the things it was supposed to be but couldn't be at one and the same time - I got that in the boiler room and it turned out to be biology after all.”
― Tom Stoppard, The Real Thing

“I knew that, in a large degree, we were trying an experiment--that of testing whether or not it was possible for Negroes to build up and control the affairs of a large education institution. I knew that if we failed it wold injure the whole race.”
― Booker T. Washington, Up from Slavery

“(Quoted by Thomas Carlyle) The rude man requires only to see something going on. The man of more refinement must be made to feel. The man of complete refinement must be made to reflect.”
― Thomas Carlyle

“Now, I have nothing against the public school system as it is presently organized, once you allow the humor of its basic assumption about how it is possible to teach things to children....”
― Shirley Jackson, Life Among the Savages

“So what indeed! The lesson I myself learned over and over again when teaching at the college and then the prison was the uselessness of information to most people, except as entertainment. If facts weren't funny or scary, or couldn't make you rich, the heck with them.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Hocus Pocus

“The objective of learning is not necessarily to remember. It may even be salutary to forget. It is only when we forget the early pains and struggles of forming letters that we acquire the capacity for writing. The adult does not remember all the history s/he learned but s/he may hope to have acquired a standard of character and conduct, a sense of affairs and a feeling of change and development in culture. Naturally there is nothing against having a well-stocked mind provided it does not prevent the development of other capacities. But it is still more important to allow knowledge to sink into one in such a way that it becomes fruitful for life; this best done when we feel deeply all we learn. For the life of feeling is less conscious, more dream-like, than intellectual activity and leads to the subconscious life of will where the deep creative capacities of humanity have their being. It is from this sphere that knowledge can emerge again as something deeply significant for life. It is not what we remember exactly, but what we transform which is of real value to our lives. In this transformation the process of forgetting, of allowing subjects to sink into the unconscious before "re-membering" them is an important element.”
― Henning Hansmann, Education for Special Needs: Principles and Practice in Camphill Schools

“Our progress as a nation can be not swifter than our progress in education.”
― John F. Kennedy

“Creativity becomes more visible when adults try to be more attentive to the cognitive processes of children than to the results they achieve in various fields of doing and understanding.”
― Loris Malaguzzi

“When men decided women could be educated - this is what I think - they educated them on the male plan; they put them into schools with mottoes and school songs and muddy team games, they made them were collars and ties. It was a way to concede the right to learning, yet remain safe; the products of the system would always be inferior to the original model. Women were forced to imitate men, and bound not to succeed at it.”
― Hilary Mantel, An Experiment in Love

“The task of teaching has never been more complex and the expectations that burden teachers are carried out in antiquated systems that offer little support—and yet, teachers are finding success every day.”
― Tucker Elliot

“Body and spirit, I surrendered whole, To harsh Instructors- and received a soul.”
― Rudyard Kipling

“Author says her father was so diplomatic that when people came to him for solutions, people not only accepted them, but they believed they thought of them.”
― Immaculee Ilibagiza, Left to Tell: Discovering God Amidst the Rwandan Holocaust

“There was a time we laughed at the old guys up on the hill. The ones who graduated a couple of years before us, and who would hang around the school and the ballpark still, and would sit on the hoods of their cars and tell us how when they were seniors they did it better, faster, and further. We laughed, because we were still doing it, and all they could do was talk. If our goals were not met, there was next year, but it never occurred to us that one day there would not be a next year, and that the guys sitting on the hoods of their cars at the top of the hill, wishing they could have one more year, willing to settle for one last game, could one day be us.”
― Tucker Elliot

“On a certain level, homeschooling is all about socialization. Whatever the teaching methods used in school or homeschool, it is ultimately the social environment itself that distinguishes homeschooling from conventional school. This social environment includes the nature and quantity of peer interaction; parental proximity; solitude; relationships with adults, siblings, older children, younger children, and the larger community; the ways in which the children are disciplined and by whom; and even the student-teacher ratio and the overall environment where the children spend their time.”
― Rachel Gathercole, The Well-Adjusted Child: The Social Benefits of Homeschooling

“Why has pachinko swept Japan? It can hardly be the excitement of gambling, since the risks and rewards are so small. During the hours spent in front of a pachinko machine, there is an almost total lack of stimulation other than the occasional rush of ball bearings. There is no thought, no movement; you have no control over the flow of balls, apart from holding a little lever which shoots them up to the top of the machine; you sit there enveloped in a cloud of heavy cigarette smoke, semi-dazed by the racket of millions of ball bearings falling through machines around you. Pachinko verges on sensory deprivation. It is the ultimate mental numbing, the final victory of the educational system." - Lost Japan, Eng. vers., 1996”
― Alex Kerr

“Differences in reading ability between five-year olds and eight-year olds are caused primarily by the older children's possessing more knowledge, not by the differences in their memory capacities, reasoning abilities, or control of eye movements.”
― E.D. Hirsch Jr., Cultural Literacy: What Every American Needs to Know

“education is one thing and instruction, however worthy, necessary and incidentally or monetarily educative, another.”
― Kingsley Amis, The King's English: A Guide to Modern Usage

“Let education kindle only those which are truly beneficial
to the human species; let it favour those alone which are really necessary to the maintenance of society. The passions of man are dangerous, only because every thing conspires to give them an evil direction.”
― Baron d'Holbach

“For me, it does not 'miss' if (the Potteries Thinkbelt study) goes into the archive, not as an example of how railway carriages can be used for teaching, but as one of the most powerful question marks ever placed against the architecture of university education.”
― Roy Landau, The Square Book

“Christ is the Lesson as well as the Teacher.”
― Darvin Pruitt

“Traps!" he said. "Never in the world! Don't think it! Why, Gower is just a necessary olf bore. Nobody's supposed to know much about him--except instructors and their hapless students.”
― Henry Blake Fuller, Bertram Cope's Year

“People differ to such a degree they agree on nothing,
Except death that is, and even on that they disagree.
Some say the soul goes on after the death of the body
While others claim the soul, with the body, dies too.”
― Mutannabi

“(Cedric Price produced the Potteries Thinkbelt) ...project which questioned most of the cherished establishment premises of university education and substituted in their place their complete inversion.”
― Roy Landau, The Square Book

“A farmer friend of mine told me recently about a busload of middle school children who came to his farm for a tour. The first two boys off the bus asked, "Where is the salsa tree?" They thought they could go pick salsa, like apples and peaches. Oh my. What do they put on SAT tests to measure this? Does anybody care? How little can a person know about food and still make educated decisions about it? Is this knowledge going to change before they enter the voting booth? Now that's a scary thought.”
― Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World

“I have always had the greatest respect for students. There is nothing I hate more than condescension—the attitude that they are inferior to you. I always assume they have good minds.”
― Mark Van Doren

“If you use a philosophy education well, you can get your foot in the door of any industry you please. Industries are like the blossoms on a tree while philosophy is the trunk - it holds the tree together, but it often goes unnoticed.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“I mean that they (students) should not play life, or study it merely, while the community supports them at this expensive game, but earnestly live it from beginning to end. How could youths better learn to live than by at once trying the experiment of living? Methinks this would exercise their minds as much as mathematics.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“Real mystery - the very reason to read (and certainly write) any book - was to them a thing to dismantle, distill and mine out into rubble they could tyrannize into sorry but more permanent explanations; monuments to themselves, in other words. In my view all teachers should be required to stop teaching at age thirty-two and not allowed to resume until they're sixty-five, so that they can live their lives, not teach them away - live lives full of ambiguity and transience and regret and wonder, be asked to explain nothing in public until very near the end when they can't do anything else.
Explaining is where we all get into trouble.”
― Richard Ford, The Sportswriter

“It could be said that a liberal education has the nature of a bequest, in that it looks upon the student as the potential heir of a cultural birthright, whereas a practical education has the nature of a commodity to be exchanged for position, status, wealth, etc., in the future. A liberal education rests on the assumption that nature and human nature do not change very much or very fast and that one therefore needs to understand the past. The practical educators assume that human society itself is the only significant context, that change is therefore fundamental, constant, and necessary, that the future will be wholly unlike the past, that the past is outmoded, irrelevant, and an encumbrance upon the future -- the present being only a time for dividing past from future, for getting ready.

But these definitions, based on division and opposition, are too simple. It is easy, accepting the viewpoint of either side, to find fault with the other. But the wrong is on neither side; it is in their division...

Without the balance of historic value, practical education gives us that most absurd of standards: "relevance," based upon the suppositional needs of a theoretical future. But liberal education, divorced from practicality, gives something no less absurd: the specialist professor of one or another of the liberal arts, the custodian of an inheritance he has learned much about, but nothing from.”
― Wendell Berry, The Unsettling of America: Culture and Agriculture

“Farms and food production should be, I submit, at least as important as who pierced their navel in Hollywood this week. Please tell me I'm not the only one who believes this. Please. As a culture, we think we're well educated, but I'm not sure that what we've learned necessarily helps us survive.”
― Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World

“I probably felt more resentment for what I personally was to suffer than for the wrong they were doing to anyone and everyone. But at that time I was determined not to put up with badly behaved people more out of my own interest than because I wanted them to become good people.”
― St. Augustine of Hippo, Confessions

“Much of what we call History is the success stories of madmen.”
― John Holt, Instead of Education: Ways to Help People Do Things Better

“A university training is the great ordinary means to a great but ordinary end; it aims at raising the intellectual tone of society…It is the education which gives a man a clear conscious view of his own opinions and judgments, a truth in developing them, an eloquence in expressing them and a force in urging them.”
― Cardinal Newman, The Idea of a University

“Congress and state legislatures should not tell teachers how to teach, any more than they should tell surgeons how to perform operations.”
― Diane Ravitch, The Death and Life of the Great American School System: How Testing and Choice Are Undermining Education

“Observe & accept what ever arises & know that everything is as it needs to be.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“You have a life; make a success of it.”
― Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha

“American Education has a long history of infatuation with fads and ill-considered ideas. The current obsession with making our schools work like a business may be the worst of them, for it threatens to destroy public education. Who will Stand up to the tycoons and politicians and tell them so?”
― Diane Ravitch, The Death and Life of the Great American School System: How Testing and Choice Are Undermining Education

“While meditating we are simply seeing what the mind has been doing all along.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“When I look at a child, I see a living, breathing person, made in God's image, for whom God has a plan. As parent educators, we need to embrace a new notion of learning...we need to engage the hearten order to effectively educate the child. Our vision of a well-educated child is a child who has a heart for learning, a child who has the tools he needs to continue to learn for a lifetime and a child who has the love to want to do it.”
― Elizabeth Foss, Real Learning: Education In The Heart Of The Home

“This book is not about "homeschooling" at all. School is an artificial institution contrived by man. This book is about educating a child in the heart of the family given to that child by his Creator.”
― Elizabeth Foss, Real Learning: Education In The Heart Of The Home

“I learned to write nice as hell. Birds an' stuff like that, too; not just word writin'. My ol' man'll be sore when he sees me whip out a bird in one stroke. Pa's gonna be mad when he sees me do that. He don't like no fancy stuff like that. He don't even like word writin'. Kinda scare 'im, I guess. Ever' time Pa seen writin', somebody took somepin away from 'im.”
― John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath

“Teachers matter. So instead of bashing them, or defending the status quo, let’s offer schools a deal. Give them the resources to keep good teachers on the job, and reward the best ones. In return, grant schools flexibility: To teach with creativity and passion; to stop teaching to the test; and to replace teachers who just aren’t helping kids learn.”
― Barack Obama

“They had studied law, information technology and art history as part of their beauty treatment, they had let Norwegian taxpayers finance years at university just so that they could end up as overqualified, stay-at-home playthings and sit here exchanging confidences about how to keep their sugar daddies suitably happy, suitably jealous and suitably on their toes.”
― Jo Nesbo, Headhunters

“Those things for which the most money is demanded are never the things which the student most wants. Tuition, for instance, is an important item in the term bill, while for the far more valuable education which he gets by associating with the most cultivated of his contemporaries no charge is made.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“Observing your thoughts, feelings & sensations is the grist of the practice.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“...anyone still attempting to argue that Ebonics is a problem for black students or that it is somehow connected to a lack of intelligence or lack of desire to achieve is about as useful as a Betamax video cassette player, and it's time for those folks to be retired, be they teachers, administrators, or community leaders, so the rest of us can try to do some real work in the service of equal access for black students and all students. (15)”
― Adam J. Banks, Digital Griots: African American Rhetoric in a Multimedia Age

“Unless men may come to a reasonable, solid persuasion and conviction of the truth of the gospel, by the internal evidences of it, . . . by a sight of its glory; it is impossible that those who are illiterate, and unacquainted with history, should have any thorough and effectual conviction of it at all. They may without this, see a great deal of probability of it; it may be reasonable for them to give much credit to what learned men and historians tell them. . . . But to have a conviction, so clear, and evident, and assuring, as to be sufficient to induce them, with boldness to sell all, confidently and fearlessly to run the venture of the loss of all things, and of enduring the most exquisite and long continued torments, and to trample the world under foot, and count all things but dung for Christ, the evidence they can have from history, cannot be sufficient.”
― Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections

“Sine doctrina vita est quasi mortis imago" [Without learning, life is but the image of death]”
― Dionysius Cato

“Privatizing our public schools makes as much sense as privatizing the fire department or or the police department”
― Diane Ravitch

“All situations in which the interrelationships between extremes are involved are the most interesting and instructive.”
― Wilhelm Von Humboldt, The Limits of State Action

“Our task is to build cultural fortresses to protect our emerging nativeness. They must be strong enough to hold at bay the powers of consumerism, the powers of greed and envy and pride. One of the most effective ways for this to come about would be for our universities to assume the awesome responsibility to both validate and educate those who want to be homecomers -- not necessarily to go home but to go someplace and dig in and begin the long search and experiment to become native.”
― Wes Jackson, Becoming Native to This Place

“There was a new simplicity to what I did, a door that had opened before me to worlds I had not imagined. From where I sat, if you watched carefully you could marvel at it, like the impossible birth of a cottonseed or the slow rise of a wooden house: the steady construction of a man, built brick by brick from the shadow of a boy.”
― Michael Johnston, In the Deep Heart's Core

“Daring to make a difference in today's youth-one page at a time”
― William Sawyers

“In an age in which the media broadcast countless pieces of foolishness, the educated man is defined not by what he knows, but by what he doesn't know.”
― Nicolas Gomez Davila

“Intellectual and moral growth is no less indispensable than material improvement. Knowledge is a viaticum. Though is a prime necessity; truth is nourishment, like wheat. A reasoning faculty, deprived of knowledge and wisdom, pines away. We should feel the same pity for minds that do not eat as for stomachs. If there be anything sadder than a body perishing for want of bread, it is a mind dying of hunger for lack of light. All progress tends toward the solution. Some day, people will be amazed. As the human race ascends, the deepest layers will naturally emerge from the zone of distress. The effacement of wretchedness will be effected by a simple elevation level.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“The bullet that has hit us Muslims today left the gun centuries ago when we let the clergy decide that knowledge and education were not important.”
― Nadeem Aslam, The Wasted Vigil

“Why covet a knowledge of new facts? Day and night, house and garden, a few books, a few actions, serve us as well as would all trades and all spectacles. We are far from having exhausted the significance of the few symbols we use. We can come to use them yet with a terrible simplicity.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson

“[Math] curriculum is obsessed with jargon and nomenclature seemingly for no other purpose than to provide teachers with something to test the students on.”
― Paul Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form

“Manlius ... took care in his invitations, actively sought to exclude from his circle crude and vulgar men like Caius Valerius. But they were all around; it was Manlius who lived in a dream world, and his bubble of civility was becoming smaller and smaller. Caius Valerius, powerful member of a powerful family, had never even heard of Plato. A hundred, even fifty years before, such an absurdity would have been inconceivable. Now it was surprising if such a man did know anything of philosophy, and even if it was explained, he would not wish to understand.”
― Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio

“Why did colleges make their students take examinations, and why did they give grade? What did a grade really mean? When a student "studied" did he do anything more than read and think-- or was there something special which no one in Walden Two would know about? Why did the professors lecture to the students? Were the students never expected to do anything except answer questions? Was it true that students were made to read books they were not interested in?”
― B.F. Skinner, Walden Two

“Will this be in the examination, Mr Hecker?" was the limit of my students' interest in any given subject. If it was going to be in the test they took notes, if it was not going to be in the test they did not take notes. Their silent, depthless stares were unnerving. I told myself that they were not stupid - for how could the final attainment of thousands of years of human progress be stupid?”
― Tod Wodicka, All Shall Be Well; And All Shall Be Well; And All Manner of Things Shall Be Well

“If for us culture means museum and library and open house and art gallery, for them it meant the activities and amenities of everyday life... The rift is... between "folk" culture, where the unschooled can be wise, and print culture, which enslaved the other senses to the eye.”
― Nick Joaquín, Culture and History

“It is the present living generation that gives character and spirit to the next. Hence the paramount importance of accomplished and energetic teachers in forming the taste the manners and the character of the coming age.”
― Alexander Campbell

“وعلى المرء الإيمان بقدرة كل شخص على تعليم نفسه”
― Paulo Coelho, Brida

“Considering he was neither priest nor scholar, the young man gave sensible, thoughtful replies -- the more so, perhaps, for being untrained, for he had not learned what he should believe or should not believe. Present a statement to him in flagrant contradiction to all Christian doctrine and he could be persuaded to agree on its good sense, unless he remembered it was the sort of thing of which pyres are made for the incautious.”
― Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio

“Thus, for those of us who make only a brief study of chemistry, the benefits to be expected are of an indirect nature. Increased capacity for enjoyment, a livelier interest in the world in which we live, a more intelligent attitude toward the great questions of the day--these are the by-products of a well-balanced education, including chemistry in its proper relation to other studies.”
― Horace G. Deming, General Chemistry: An elementary survey emphasizing industrial applications of fundamental principles

“À ceux qui ignorent, enseignez-leur [...]
Le coupable n'est pas celui qui y fait le péché, mais celui qui y a fait l'ombre.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“Children are our future. We teach them today; what will they do tomorrow?”
― Tanya R. Liverman, Memoirs of an Educarer: An Inspiration for Education

“Caius was one of those who gloried in his ignorance, called his lack of letters purity, scorned any subtlety of thought or expression. A man for his time, indeed.”
― Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio

“Morality in the general is well enough known by men, but the particular refinements of virtue are unknown by most persons; thus the majority of parents, without knowing it and without intending it, give very bad examples to their children.”
― Anne Robert Jacques Turgot, The Turgot Collection

“What do we mean when we say our school 'values' reading?”
― Kelly Gallagher, Readicide: How Schools Are Killing Reading and What You Can Do About It

“Equality, citizens, is not the whole of society on a level, a society of tall blades of grass and small oaks, or a number of entangled jealousies. It is, legally speaking, every aptitude having the same opportunity for a career; politically all consciences having the same right. Equality has an organ, gratuitous and compulsory education. We must begin with the right to the alphabet.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“If values are woven into the very concept of education, where is the need for separate value education?”
― Vijaya Bharathy

“Mogo living brings about true freedom. When you have the inner conviction to do the most good and the least harm, you are free to say no to media, social, and peer pressures. You are free from a nagging sense that your life does not have value or meaning. You are free to imagine and then create a truly successful (in the deepest meaning on the word) life. You are free to be at peace with yourself and all those whom your life touches.”
― Zoe Weil, Most Good, Least Harm: A Simple Principle for a Better World and Meaningful Life

“Although any help is genuinely welcomed, it is more important to be a supportive, proactive parent than it is to be a supportive parent after academic failure and negative behaviors occur.”
― Tanya R. Liverman, Memoirs of an Educarer: An Inspiration for Education

“We will continue to chase rainbows unless we recognize that they are rainbows and there is no pot of gold at the end of them.”
― Diane Ravitch

“Karena kita tidak abadi, namun tulisan kita bisa abadi”
― Maria Magdalena, Anakku Tidak (Mau) Sekolah

“Unexamined wallpaper is classroom practices and institutional policies that are so entrenched in school culture or a teacher's paradigm that their ability to affect student learning is never probed.”
― Richard Elmore

“An educator will teach the students. An Educarer will reach the students.”
― Tanya R. Liverman, Memoirs of an Educarer: An Inspiration for Education

“But little Carlos's most important defense was not his good punch but rather the beginnings of a great education.”
― Gina Capaldi, A Boy Named Beckoning: The True Story of Dr. Carlos Montezuma, Native American Hero

“There is one right thing for the student to do, that is, to develop the habit of weighing worths, of sensing the relative values of the facts that he meets.”
― Frank Morton McMurry, How to Study and Teaching How to Study

“Assessment can be either formal and/or informal measures that gather information. In education, meaningful assessment is data that guides and informs the teacher and/or stakeholders of students' abilities, strategies, performance, content knowledge, feelings and/or attitudes. Information obtained is used to make educational judgements or evaluative statements. Most useful assessment is data which is used to adjust curriculum in order to benefit the students. Assessment should be used to inform instruction. Diagnosis and assessment should document literacy in real-world contexts using data as performance indicators of students' growth and development.”
― Dan Greathouse & kathleen Donalson

“College is the grinding machine of the Mathematical Establishment, a conveyor belt that takes individuals from one cookie cutter to another so that the product comes within tight control limits out of the assembly line.”
― Bill Gaede

“The ultimate goal of the educational system is to shift to the individual the burden of pursing his own education. This will not be a widely shared pursuit until we get over our odd conviction that education is what goes on in school buildings and nowhere else.”
― John W. Gardner

“Schoolmastering kept me busy by day and part of each night. I was an assistant housemaster, with a fine big room under the eaves of the main building, and a wretched kennel of a bedroom, and rights in a bathroom used by two or three other resident masters. I taught all day, but my wooden leg mercifully spared me from the nuisance of having to supervise sports after school. There were exercises to mark every night, but I soon gained a professional attitude towards these woeful explorations of the caves of ignorance and did not let them depress me. I liked the company of most of my colleagues, who were about equally divided among good men who were good teachers, awful men who were awful teachers, and the grotesques and misfits who drift into teaching and are so often the most educative influences a boy meets in school. If a boy can't have a good teacher, give him a psychological cripple or an exotic failure to cope with; don't just give him a bad, dull teacher. This is where the private schools score over state-run schools; they can accommodate a few cultured madmen on the staff without having to offer explanations.”
― Robertson Davies, Fifth Business

“I grew up in libraries, and I hope I've learned never to take them for granted. A thriving library is the heart of its community, providing access to information and educational opportunities, bringing people together, leveling the playing field, and archiving our history.”
― Josie Brown

“Except among those whose education has been in the minimalist style, it is understood that hasty moral judgments about people in the past are a form of injustice.”
― Jacques Barzun, From Dawn to Decadence: 500 Years of Western Cultural Life, 1500 to the Present

“To confuse compulsory schooling with equal educational opportunity is like confusing organized religion with spirituality. One does not necessarily lead to the other. Schooling confuses teaching with learning, grade advancement with education, a diploma with competence, and fluency with the ability to say something new.”
― Wendy Priesnitz

“But there is no doubt that to attempt a novel of ideas is to give oneself a handicap: the parochialism of our culture is intense. For instance, decade after decade bright young men and women emerge from their universities able to say proudly: 'Of course I know nothing about German literature.' It is the mode. The Victorians knew everything about German literature, but were able with a clear conscience not to know much about the French.”
― Doris Lessing

“But artists didn't need to achieve "firsts", and Hughes wanted to be an artist.”
― Diane Middlebrook, Her Husband: Ted Hughes and Sylvia Plath - A Marriage

“We are training not isolated men but a living group of men, - nay, a group within a group. And the final product of our training must be neither a psychologist nor a brickmason, but a man. And to make men, we must have ideals, broad, pure, and inspiring ends of living, - not sordid money-getting, not apples of gold. The worker must work for the lory of his handiwork, not simply for pay; the thinker must think for truth, not for fame. And all this is gained only by human strife and longing; by ceaseless training and education; by founding Right on righteousness and Truth on the unhampered search for Truth...and weaving thus a system, not a distortion, and bringing a birth, not an abortion.”
― W. E. B. Dubois

“... I, as an anarch, renouncing any bond, any limitation of freedom, also reject compulsory education as nonsense. It was one of the greatest well-springs of misfortune in the world.

Compulsory schooling is essentially a means of curtailing natural strength and exploiting people. The same is true of military conscription, which developed within the same context. The anarch rejects both of them - just like obligatory vaccination and insurance of all kinds. He has reservations when swearing an oath. He is not a deserter, but a conscientious objector.”
― Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil

“For my part, the more I went forward in the study of letters, and ever more easily, the greater became the ardour of my devotion to them, until in truth I was so enthralled by my passion for learning that, gladly leaving to my brothers the pomp of glory in arms, the right of heritage and all the honours that should have been mine as the eldest born, I fled utterly from the court of Mars that I might win learning in the bosom of Minerva. And -- since I found the armory of logical reasoning more to my liking than the other forms of philosophy, I exchanged all other weapons for these, and to the prizes of victory in war I preferred the battle of minds in disputation.”
― Peter Abelard, The Story of My Misfortunes

“Our experience of the governments of the world, our knowledge of the weapons at their disposal, and our awareness of our own limitations justify pessimism. But some mysterious factor deep in the human psyche has produced a countervailing conviction that educating, organizing, uniting, and acting will make a difference. ”
― David Dellinger

“As the Promethean fire which banished Darkness, so Knowledge bears the Power and the Light.”
― Leanna Renee Hieber, The Strangely Beautiful Tale of Miss Percy Parker

“But a progressive policy needs more than just a bigger break with the economic and moral assumptions of the past 30 years. It needs a return to the conviction that economic growth and the affluence it brings is a means and not an end. The end is what it does to the lives, life-chances and hopes of people. Look at London. Of course it matters to all of us that London's economy flourishes. But the test of the enormous wealth generated in patches of the capital is not that it contributed 20%-30% to Britain's GDP but how it affects the lives of the millions who live and work there. What kind of lives are available to them? Can they afford to live there? If they can't, it is not compensation that London is also a paradise for the ultra-rich. Can they get decently paid jobs or jobs at all? If they can't, don't brag about all those Michelin-starred restaurants and their self-dramatising chefs. Or schooling for children? Inadequate schools are not offset by the fact that London universities could field a football team of Nobel prize winners.”
― Eric Hobsbawm

“Pais que não conhecem a si mesmo não são capazes de evitar a reprodução, em seus filhos, de suas disfunções”
― Carlos Messa, O Poder dos Pais no desenvolvimento emocional e cognitivo dos filhos

“Trying to get more learning out of the present system is like trying to get the Pony Express to compete with the telegraph by breeding faster ponies.”
― Edward Fiske

“Os homens têm experiência de séculos a mais que as mulheres em: malsentir, antever e precaver. Quando levadas ao mundo do trabalho "masculino", as mulheres aceleram seu desenvolvimento nessa mesma direção e, dessa forma, as crianças estão deixando de aprender a amar, ou, ao menos, se afeiçoar.”
― Carlos Messa, O Poder dos Pais no desenvolvimento emocional e cognitivo dos filhos

“It is the modern literature of the educated, not of the uneducated, which is avowedly and aggressively criminal..The vast mass of humanity, with their vast mass of idle books and idle words, have never doubted and never will doubt that courage is splendid, that fidelity is noble, that distressed ladies should be rescued, and vanquished enemies spared. There are a large number of cultivated persons who doubt these maxims of daily life.”
― G.K. Chesteron

“Now the line is: Forget the classics, concentrate on an education for the 21st century! Which apparently means knowing how to operate electronic devices and figure out a spreadsheet. That's not education, it's vocational training. What once were means seem to have become ends in education. And our more with-it "educators" shift with every passing wind, clutching at the latest gimmick the way drowning men do at straws.”
― Paul Greenberg

“Criticism talks a good deal of nonsense, but even its nonsense is a useful force. It keeps the question of art before the world, insists upon its importance. ”
― Henry James

“Welcome to Hartford. The poorest city in the wealthiest state in the richest country on earth.”
― Susan Eaton, The Children in Room E4: American Education on Trial

“Какъв е смисъла на образованието - помисли си, - щом хората ще го ползват?”
― Terry Pratchett, The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents

“I suppose it was a dream that lasted really about fifty years. By the time universal education had begun to work properly, say 1925, and the time the first teachers started to hold back information, say 1975. So a fifty-year dream."

"I think what's happened is that because they themselves know less than their predecessors, innovators and leaders today have remade the world in their own image. Spellchecks. Search engines. They've remodeled the world so that ignorance is not really a disadvantage. And I should think that increasingly they'll carry on reshaping the world to accommodate a net loss of knowledge.”
― Sebastian Faulks, A Week in December

“Perhaps the excellence of aphorisms consists not so much in the expression of some rare or abstruse sentiment, as in the comprehension of some obvious and useful truth in a few words.
We frequently fall into error and folly, not because the true principles of action are not known, but because, for a time, they are not remembered; and he may therefore be justly numbered among the benefactors of mankind who contracts the great rules of life into short sentences, that may be easily impressed on the memory, and taught by frequent recollection to recur habitually to the mind.”
― Samuel Johnson

“Words are, like wines.”
― Santosh Kalwar, You Can

“Үйл үйлдэх, үхэж одох, эрхлэн наадах тэргүүтэнд
Үдшийн бүрий, үүрийн харанхуйг үл цээрлэхчлэн
Үтэлж доройтсон, өчнөөн нялх алинд ч
Үсэг эрдэм сурахыг хичээх нь нэгэн адил хэрэгтэй”
― Бодоо Догсом, Үзэмжит өгүүлэл уянгат шүлэглэл

“Music and symbols, they're older than human race.
Prehuman beings used them to teach early mankind.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“I believe in study. I believe that men learn much through study. As a matter of fact, it has been my observation
that they learn little concerning things as they are, as they were, or as they are to come without study. I also
believe, however, and know, that learning by study is greatly accelerated by faith.”
― Marion G. Romney

“Education is what remains when we have forgotten all that we have been taught.”
― George Savile Marquis of Halifax

“A guidance counselor who has made a fetish of security, or who has unwittingly surrendered his thinking to economic determinism, may steer a youth away from his dream of becoming a poet, an artist, a musician or any other of thousands of things, because it offers no security, it does not pay well, there are no vacancies, it has no "future".”
― Henry M. Wriston

“Andrew Ross makes sense of this sad artifice [decreasing academic pay] by explaining that academics of all ranks, along with artists, are uniquely willing to tolerate exploitation in the workplace. Ross claims that scholars' readiness "to accept a discounted wage out of 'love for their subject' has helped not only to sustain the cheap labor supply but also to magnify its strength and volume. Like artists and performers, academics are inclined by training to sacrifice earnings for the opportunity to exercise their craft." (p. 64)”
― Frank Donoghue, The Last Professors: The Corporate University and the Fate of the Humanities, with a New Introduction

“If knowledge is not democratized, power can never be.”
― Steven Rose, The Making of Memory: From Molecules to Mind

“He said, speaking more to himself than to me: 'It was knowledge I sought. Knowledge which is clean and pure, far above the cheating and deceiving in which most men spend their lives.'

And do you not find it,' I asked, 'this knowledge which you prize?'

In part,' he said. 'I find other things, too. Things I do not desire but must accept. There is still cheating and deceiving.”
― John Christopher, Beyond the Burning Lands

“They weren't hours, these classes; they weren't even forty-five minutes--they were "periods," which sounded to me as if they were each at once a little era and then the end you had to see decisively put to it.”
― Gary Lutz

“Jede Propaganda ist so gefährlich wie die Dummheit, auf die sie trifft.”
― Serdar Somuncu

“Die Einsicht eines Menschen verleiht ihre Flügel keinem anderen.”
― Kahlil Gibran

“Wenn [der Lehrer] wirklich weise ist, fordert er euch nicht auf, ins Haus seiner Weisheit einzutreten, sondern führt euch an die Schwelle eures eigenen Geistes.”
― Khalil Gibran

“Niemand kann euch etwas eröffnen, das nicht schon im Dämmern eures Wissens schlummert.”
― Khalil Gibran

“Still reading but learning a lot about true education and the process of guiding our children in their educational pursuits.”
― Oliver DeMille

“Dans les sociétés vernaculaires, l'éducation est homéotélique vis-à-vis de Gaïa”
― Edouard Goldsmith

“The World Bank, anxious that the last vestiges of Zimbabwe's former inclination toward socialism be abandoned, successfully urged the imposition of a token tuition charge for all grade levels. Equivalent to one U. S. dollar per year per child, this fee constitutes a burden to the poorest families, who have responded by sending only boys to classes. Too many of the girls . . . have resorted to prostitution in order to eat.”
― Michael Dorris, Rooms in the House of Stone: The "Thistle" Series of Essays

“Education teaches a system of life, not a vision of philosophy since it holds a gift of God”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Cadmus.—It is not on account of the serpent I boast myself a greater benefactor to Greece than you. Actions should be valued by their utility rather than their éclat. I taught Greece the art of writing, to which laws owe their precision and permanency. You subdued monsters; I civilised men. It is from untamed passions, not from wild beasts, that the greatest evils arise to human society. By wisdom, by art, by the united strength of civil community, men have been enabled to subdue the whole race of lions, bears, and serpents, and what is more, to bind in laws and wholesome regulations the ferocious violence and dangerous treachery of the human disposition. Had lions been destroyed only in single combat, men had had but a bad time of it; and what but laws could awe the men p. 155who killed the lions? The genuine glory, the proper distinction of the rational species, arises from the perfection of the mental powers. Courage is apt to be fierce, and strength is often exerted in acts of oppression. But wisdom is the associate of justice. It assists her to form equal laws, to pursue right measures, to correct power, protect weakness, and to unite individuals in a common interest and general welfare. Heroes may kill tyrants, but it is wisdom and laws that prevent tyranny and oppression. The operations of policy far surpass the labours of Hercules, preventing many evils which valour and might cannot even redress. You heroes consider nothing but glory, and hardly regard whether the conquests which raise your fame are really beneficial to your country. Unhappy are the people who are governed by valour not directed by prudence, and not mitigated by the gentle arts!”
― George Lyttelton, Dialogues of the Dead

“All our children's hopes and dreams turn to ashes in exam papers - their delicate baby wings crack under the weight of books - the classroom ends up as prison and to dream becomes a criminal offence. This is not education, this is bestiality.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“At school I was a nuisance, for my father was now Chairman of our Continuation School Board, and I affected airs of near-equality with the teacher that must have galled her; I wanted to argue about everything, expand everything, and generally turn every class into a Socratic powwwow instead of getting on with the curriculum. Probably I made her nervous, as a pupil full of green, fermenting information is so well able to do. I have dealt with many innumerable variations of my younger self in classrooms since then, and have mentally apologized for my tiresomeness.”
― Robertson Davies, Fifth Business

“We ought to read mainly, not to know more, but to remind ourselves that we do not know much.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I've often wondered what would happen if, in the interest of public service, advertising companies lent out their best copywriters for a year or so to team up with teachers in designing educational materials.”
― Patricia Lynne Duffy, Blue Cats and Chartreuse Kittens: How Synesthetes Color Their Worlds

“The head of the Atomi School, one of the first girls' schools in Japan and the first to include tea ceremony classes, contended that tea was a more effective way of cultivating manners and morality than teaching them directly.”
― Kristin Surak, Making Tea, Making Japan: Cultural Nationalism in Practice

“Traditionally, education was restricted to Muslim women, so If those housewives had any children to nurture, guess how their futures had been determined? The issue became more complicated when they had set a seal upon their hearings! The illiterate and ear sealed women, only heard what their husbands had injected deep into them, but today their literate and fully veiled girls do not hear well in the classroom, but they clearly hear the under veil wireless voice during the exams.”
― Jahanshah Safari

“Day after day the so-called modern society keeps killing the spirit of champions – they keep killing the hearts that hold the force for greatness and progress. Yet these people who murder the spirit of greatness on a daily basis, are never held accountable for their actions. In fact, they take pride in such actions, and they call it either sensibility or responsibility. It’s not responsibility my friend, nor is it sensibility, it’s irresponsibility and primitiveness at their worst.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“Ask a child "what do you want to be when you grow up", they would say "I want to become a doctor and save lives - I want to become a cop and protect the innocent - I want to become a soldier and defend my people." But ask the same question after they finish their education, and their answer would be "I want to get a highly paid job - I want to buy a large mansion - I want to be a millionaire". Here I ask you, who turned a hero into a selfish, insecure narcissist? It’s our system of education.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“Throw away such education that teaches a child to be selfish - throw away such education that teaches a child to forget their passion - throw away such education that teaches a child to be like everybody else - throw away such education that produces second hand humans instead of raising original, conscientious beings of character.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“In an organic model of education, the purpose of teaching should be to give students the tools to recognize their own unique interest without feeling judged, and once they've recognized it, to prepare them to be excellent at it.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“The purpose of education should be to nourish and strengthen a student's capacity, not to force-feed all students the same material, till they either pass some baseless test, or drop out of education altogether, - or commit suicide.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“If a student commits suicide because they couldn't bear the pressure of education, it's not a sign of their weakness, but that of the system of education.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“We cannot educate the citizens of tomorrow based on the requirements of yesterday.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“Turn one school from a robot factory into a cradle of heroes, and the very face of education on earth will change.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“I'm in one of the few professions where one still encounters swaths of handwriting on a regular basis - education.”
― Anne Gisleson, The Futilitarians: Our Year of Thinking, Drinking, Grieving, and Reading

“The nuisance of the intellectual sphere is the man who is so occupied in trying to educate others, that he has never had any time to educate himself”
― Oscar Wilde, The Critic as Artist

“Whether you’re just beginning your healthcare management career or ready to reach the next level, National American University (NAU) has the online undergraduate degree or diploma to get you there—your way.”
― Dr. Ronald L. Shape

“It's time we speak about our natural psi abilities as easily as we discuss the weather -”
― Elly Molina , Children Who Know How to Know: A Resource Guide for Helping Children Develop and Utilize Their Powerful Intuitive Abilities

“We need to help students and parent cherish and preserve the ethnic and cultural diversity that nourishes and strengthens this community--and this nation.”
― César Chávez

“Education is the key; only when you've got the MASTER key to unlock all the locks!”
― Mwanandeke Kindembo

“No country without education could properly consider itself independent.”
― Khalid Masood

“Education isn't education when you use it as makeup to cover the scars of your insecurities”
― Reginald Williams

“Pads Leaking
If students are having trouble with notes not speaking, especially as they go down the horn, chances are they have one or more leaky pads. A leak light will confirm this, and the work I’m going to describe here really can’t be done without a leak light. If one side of the pad is sealing and the other side is leaking, the key is slightly bent. First check the bases of the posts these keys are connected to, making sure there are no bends or dents causing the keys to be out of alignment. I also like to take the neckpiece off and look down the inside wall of the body. If the horn has been dropped or knocked off a chair, there may not be visible dents, but by looking down the inside you may see that the body is bending to one side or the other. In either case, the horn will need to be sent to a qualified repairman for some major work. If no damage is visible, you can adjust the key back to being flat with a couple of simple tools.”
― Lyle Rebbeck, A Practical Guide for Teaching the Saxophone to Beginners

“A man knows how to confront confrontation without being confrontational.”
― Reginald Williams

“Actions are the children of thoughts.”
― Reginald Williams

“An arrival always follows a departure. To achieve a goal you must depart from something.”
― Reginald Williams

“Let your knowledge be your adviser and not your arrogance.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Reasons I quit teaching
-Kids didn't love me
-Teachers didn't like me
-Principal hated me
-Couldn't continue to witness bad decisions at the expense of children
-Couldn't stand one more minute of professional development that was neither professional nor developmental
-Couldn't stand reading bad writing

Real reasons I quit teaching
-I wasn't a good enough teacher
-It hurt my heart to watch kids waste so much time and ability

Reasons I became a teacher
-Understood the job
-Dad suggested it
-Always like school
-Mr. Sullivan
-Summer Vacations

Teaching revelations
1. Teaching is the only profession that you spend at least 15 years observation before trying to do it yourself
2. I wouldn't be a teacher if Dad hadn't suggested it
3. I still think of myself as a teacher even though I'm not
4. There will always be too m any kids in need of saving
5. If the only reason I became a teacher was for the summer vacations, that would've still be reason enough”
― Matthew Dicks, Twenty-One Truths About Love

“We should not use the worst to define us as a people, and we use not use the best to excuse the bullshit of the worst.”
― Reginald Williams

“The de facto censorship which leaves so many Americans functionally illiterate about the history of US foreign affairs may be all the more effective because it is not official, heavy-handed or conspiratorial, but woven artlessly into the fabric of education and media. No conspiracy is needed.”
― William Blum

“The power I exert, I do so because I am wise, and clever, and know something of the turning of the world.”
― Mahvesh Murad, The Djinn Falls in Love & Other Stories

“Physical Attributes
Are there physical attributes that make one person more successful at playing the saxophone than another? In a word, no. A fuller bottom lip may need to be tucked farther over the bottom teeth, and an underbite or overbite will require some adjustment of the top teeth on the mouthpiece, but I have never felt a student was further ahead or behind based upon physical attributes. . . .”
― Lyle Rebbeck, A Practical Guide for Teaching the Saxophone to Beginners

“Is It Easy to Play?
Weeelll. Yes. And No. It is easy to produce a sound on a saxophone. That is part of its popularity. Seldom does a student not produce a sound in the first lesson. . . . And therein lies part of the challenge for the saxophone. It plays too easily. . . . The saxophone will respond to a wimpy puff of air—and will sound like it. Developing a good tone means developing a good ear that demands the necessary air speed to create that sound. . . .”
― Lyle Rebbeck, A Practical Guide for Teaching the Saxophone to Beginners

“Upgrading your skills is not an option but a necessity”
― Ashok Veda

“Pedagogy is political”
― Suchitra Vijayan

“What is modesty but hypocritical humility, by means of which, in a world swelling with envy, a man seeks to obtain pardon for excellences and merits from those who have none.”
― Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy

“The illiterate do not write letters; they draw them.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Öğretmenler, soyut kavramlar icat etmeye ve yaratmaya hazır olan "düşünen" sınıfın genç üyeleri ile sık sık sorun yaşarlar. Bu sınıfın yalnızca mevcut sembol tekniklerine maruz kalması yeterlidir. Sembolleri gerçekten anlamaya hazırdırlar böylece onları geliştirebilirler.”
― Timothy Leary, Your Brain Is God

“If you truly are seeking answers of wholeness, why do you continue to engage in conversations rooted in partiality?”
― Reginald Williams

“If you've told a little boy that Big Boys don't cry, you've marginalized his voice”
― Reginald Williams

“Far too many military families are not taking advantage of these opportunities that if acted upon could change their lives-G.I.SCHOLARSHIP DIRECTORY, Author, V J SMITH BARNES AND NOBLE NOOK BOOK”
― V J Smith, DELICIOUS CHOCOLATE RECIPES OF ALL TIME

“Sometimes it is hard to teach people who are educated than people who haven't even had a formal education.”
― Krizha Mae G. Abia

“One of the main reasons for market failure in the U.S. healthcare industry is because we are uninformed consumers.”
― Kat Lahr, What the U.S. Healthcare System Doesn't Want You to Know, Why, and How You Can Do Something About It

“Our Foreign Language courses are priced the same as our BS courses, and taught and evaluated with the same level of rigor. The courses are accredited, and can be applied towards an undergraduate degree or a formal certificate in the language.”
― Dr. Ronald L. Shape

“Have you considered Medical Assisting, or phlebotomy, but not sure if they are the right fit for you? Maybe it’s time to consider Ultrasound Technology! At NCE, we train motivated students just like you to enter this highly rewarding medical field. Ultrasound Technician Programs is a rewarding career choice. It requires a great deal of commitment as your abilities directly impact patient care.”
― Sal Younis

“Education is the first step for solving any problems in the world”
― Dido Stargaze

“Parents impart such invaluable ingredients as genetic code, Sanskaar, and Education … whereas The Almighty God just hands out to us destiny … So life is just about bettering or be battered by Destiny!!”
― Sandeep Sahajpal, The Twelfth Preamble: To all the authors to be!

“Knowledge generates interest, and interest generates compassion.”
― Douglas W. Tallamy, Bringing Nature Home: How Native Plants Sustain Wildlife in Our Gardens

“Teen drivers are more dangerous even than drivers in their eighties. And safety education, including showing teens gory movies of car crashes, has little effect.”
― Elly Blue, Bikenomics: How Bicycling Can Save The Economy

“A single person cannot know even a billionth of what is known, which is not even a trillionth of what there is to know.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Study until you can study.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Write until you can write.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Poverty comes not from lack of higher education but from lack of primary education.”
― nitin namdeo

“The country where education is valued not as a formality but as a pride of the country is never poor.”
― nitin namdeo

“...you can drop those 'a'ints' too. It ain't 'acting white' to speak your own language properly. People fought for you to get the best possible education. It would break your grandpa's heart to hear you talk like nothing had changed.”
― Elliot Perlman, The Street Sweeper

“The education is the only source that bestows on the human mind's analytical ability to pursue all branches of the knowledge, awakens logical thinking, ability to seek new knowledge with determination. Sharpens of talent, and enables a human being to lead him or herself along the path to success.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“When I remember my college, my Alma mater, I remember the trees and the flowers. There were many fun, many celebrations, but only the trees have the lasting impressions.”
― Amit Ray

“We create learners who are “life-ready” so that they can apply their knowledge to real-life situations.”
― Sandy Hooda

“Learning how to think really means learning how to exercise some control over how and what you think.

It means being conscious and aware enough to choose what you pay attention to and to chose how you construct meaning from experience.”
― David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life

“My nickname at school was ‘Gooey’.”
― Steven Magee

“I work hard, I never miss a lecture. I try and overachieve, like all mature students. People given a second chance know the value of their reprieve.”
― Viv Albertine, Clothes, Clothes, Clothes. Music, Music, Music. Boys, Boys, Boys

“Only through education can the doors of countless possibilities be opened.”
― nitin namdeo

“Read until you can read.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Education is not about degree and diploma, it is all about knowledge and wisdom.”
― nitin namdeo

“They had spent a few years in Paris, but they had still to undergo a real education — one which no school, lycee or university could supply: they had still to undergo their education in suffering. Then they’d be ready to understand what this was all about.”
― Romain Gary, The Roots of Heaven

“There is nothing necessarily soft or flabby about the imaginative life. There is no special reason why little children should be afflicted with continual talk about the dear little birdies or the sweet little flowers. Indeed, the natural taste of children seems to be attracted in the opposite direction. One small boy, when he inquired about a bloody Bible picture, and was put off with the explanation that it was not a pleasant story, expressed the views of many of his age when, looking up angelically, he exclaimed with ecstasy, "I like to hear about horrid things.”
― Ernest Hamlin Abbott, On the Training of Parents - Scholar's Choice Edition

“They make you as they are because it’s the only thing they know and then they tell you it’s your fault because they are jealous you are better than them. But the truth is it’s never your fault. It’s their fault.”
― Maria Karvouni

“They want you poor, so they can be rich.
They want you weak, so they can be powerful.
They want you dumb, so they can be smart.
They want you guilty, so they can be innocent.
You cannot realize it, but you’re nothing more than a slave.”
― Maria Karvouni

“The vitality of youth is to employ all your might to pursue your visionary goals.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“In America, the average person will spend 90,000 hours at work, or about a quarter of his or her adult life. Job satisfaction, then, can have an enormous influence on quality of life.”
― Oran Tkatchov

“In America, the average person will spend 90,000 hours at work, or about a quarter of his or her adult life. Job satisfaction, then, can have an enormous influence on quality of life.”
― Oran Tkatchov, Proactive Professional Learning: Creating Conditions for Individual and Organizationa

“Education should not be confined only to mathematics, science, and arts, to eradicate ignorance and poverty, it is necessary to include spirituality in education.”
― nitin namdeo

“It makes little difference how many university courses or degrees a person may own. If he cannot use words to move an idea from one point to another, his education is incomplete.”
― Norman Cousins, Modern Man is Obsolete

“You must do your own learning, no one can learn for you.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Training in any field of study span over three years.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Teachers teach less than they know; students learn more than they are taught; the difference is real education.”
― Raheel Farooq, Kalam

“Life is continuing education where you are tested every day and where final exams are actually never final; and what you’ve learned last year has been updated and requires relearning.”
― RJ Intindola – (Gandolfo) – 2007

“Ignorance often makes a complicated thing seem simple, or vice versa.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The purpose of science is not down-scaling everything to physical level and measure, but to penetrate deeper into the realm beyond the sensory perceptions and bring more in-depth knowledge and wisdom to the world.”
― Amit Ray, 72000 Nadis and 114 Chakras in Human Body for Healing and Meditation

“Few things are more important than learning how to learn.”
― Richie Norton

“Shatter the Educational institutions, is the always priority of a dictator because the dictator knows, nothing revolutionary more than Educated and aware Youth”
― Mohammed Zaki Ansari

“I remember being taught all about how Japan was created by the gods, for instance. How we as a nation were divine and supreme. We had to memorize the text book word for word. Some things aren’t such a loss, perhaps.’ “But Jim, things aren’t as simple as that. You clearly don’t understand how such things worked. Things aren’t nearly as simple as you presume. We devoted ourselves to ensuring that proper qualities were handed down, that children grew up with the correct attitude to their country, to their fellows. There was a spirit in Japan once, it bound us all together. Just imagine what it must be like being a young boy today. He’s taught no values at school — except perhaps that he should selfishly demand whatever he wants out of life. He goes home and finds his parents fighting because his mother refuses to vote for his father’s party. What a state of affairs.”
― Kazuo Ishiguro, A Pale View of Hills

“It is an ignorant place, except as to the townspeople, artisans, drunkards, and paupers, she said, perverse still at his differing from her. They see life as it is, of course; but few of the people in the colleges do. You prove it in your own person. You are one of the very men Christminster was intended for when the colleges were founded; a man with a passion for learning, but no money, or opportunities, or friends. But you were elbowed off the pavement by the millionaires' sons.”
― Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure

“A strong animal with a weak mind is feeble in front of his foes.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Celebrities want to be treated like normal people and normal people want to be treated like celebrities. There's a balance to all things.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Every dream is laughable until they've seen you achieve it.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Success is just a stepping stone to what you've already achieved.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Make it happen, or it won't.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Whatever you desire, you must first become.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Dreams are conceived when you factor in and implement the small steps that will lead you to your victory!”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“My Stuyvesant students were not satisfied. Why was I telling them stories of women from the Islands and Puerto Ricans and Greeks when the world was going to hell? Because the women from the Islands believe in education. You can demonstrate and shake your fists, burn your draft cards and block the traffic with your bodies, but what do you know in the end? For the ladies from the Islands there is one relevance, education. That is all they know. That is all I know. That is all I need to know.”
― Frank McCourt

“While politicians endlessly stress the need to downsize government, they remain largely silent as the number of bullshit jobs goes right on growing. This results in scenarios where, on the one hand, governments cut back on useful jobs in sectors like healthcare, education, and infrastructure - resulting in unemployment - while on the other investing millions in the unemployment industry of training and surveillance whose effectiveness has long been disproven.”
― Rutger Bregman, Utopia for Realists: How We Can Build the Ideal World

“Medical assistants aid doctors by performing basic clinical procedures and handling a variety of administrative duties. Medical Assistant Programs Sacramento focuses on front office administrative responsibilities such as clerical and bookkeeping functions, processing medical insurance claims as well as back office clinical responsibilities, during which students get hands-on experience conducting a variety of diagnostic tests.”
― Sal Younis

“The greatest secret to life's success is to help someone else achieve it.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Youth is the important period, on the improvement or neglect of which depend the most important consequences to individuals and the community.”
― Samuel Phillips Jr.

“There is no one-size-fits-all way to teach people. And no one-size-fits-all way to learn.”
― Erin Dionne, Lights, Camera, Disaster

“Reading refreshes as well as renews the mind.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Technocapital is flowing at hyperspeed and is primed to grab onto our drives and pull us toward capitalistic integration into the will of the Other; therefore, now more than ever, we as a species need a conscious psychoeducation.”
― Eliot Rosenstock, Zizek in the Clinic: A Revolutionary Proposal for a New Endgame in Psychotherapy

“My mother educates me," she said. "We believe that schools inhibit the natural curiosity, creativity and intelligence of children. The mind needs to be opened out into the word, not shuttered down inside a gloomy classroom.”
― David Almond, Skellig

“The Keju is a ruse to keep uneducated peasants right where they’ve always been. You slip past the Keju, they’ll find a way to expel you anyway. The Keju keeps the lower classes sedated. It keeps us dreaming. It’s not a ladder for mobility; it’s a way to keep people like me exactly where they were born.”
― R.F. Kuang, The Poppy War

“When students in any institute get involved in misplaced comradery over rather non issues, they are going down collectively.”
― Sandeep Sahajpal, The Twelfth Preamble: To all the authors to be!

“Free self-education by the internet is the biggest threat to the future of colleges and universities.”
― Steven Magee

“The desire for human honour is good but do not forget to seek also heavenly rewards.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Unless you challenge yourself, you will not learn. You will not grow. Education is the art of challenging and overcoming.”
― Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion

“Grande coisa a cultura com aquecimento central; e grandes obras devem ter saído do princípio de condensação do vapor, em subtileza de análise, capacidade de saber e gosto das linhas gerais que tudo enformam e, nos libros, deformam. Parece-me que a solidez do ensino universitário dos países do Norte muito lhe deve: o procurarem abrigo nas salas pessoas de idade, com venerável aspecto de sábio, e que muitas vezes não são mais do que o cocheiro aposentado da anedota, obriga os professores a manter-se perfeitaente em dia com a ciência e a avançarem mesmo um pouco mais, se lhes for possível.”
― Agostinho da Silva

“Reading enhances logical thinking and motivates analyzing skills. It helps one's mind to be calmer and wiser.
As the body seeks air, food, and water, the mind seeks knowledge, and it would be a huge waste if we didn't raise children from a very young age how to read passionately.
Young readers are young thinkers, and a child who can think is a child who can face life problems with calmer manners and quieter approach.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“It is strange when we expect all students to do well academically and ignore the fact that individuals' abilities vary.
If a child/kid/teenager cannot do well in academics and shows signs of distraction, it is an indication that his mind isn't in the strict form and obligations of the school curriculum.
His cleverness and creativeness could show in other aspects of life. It could be in arts, sports, photography, computer world, gardening, carpentry, or any other field in life.
Judging students' based on their grades and accusing them of failure is an excuse for the limited space the educational system provides to students to succeed in life.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“Singleness of purpose is the key to success.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Every human child is vengeful at some point if not educated otherwise.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“Real education starts when you genuinely feel the pain and sufferings of the people and living beings in flood, famine, poverty, disease, exploitation, and hunger. Spirituality begins when you take positive actions to remove that pain and suffering.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“Learning, at its core, is a broadening of horizons, of seeing things that were previously invisible and of recognizing capabilities within yourself that you didn't know existed”
― Scott H. Young, Ultralearning: Master Hard Skills, Outsmart the Competition, and Accelerate Your Career

“I do bad at school because sometimes I think when I should be learning.”
― Nana Kwame Adjei-Brenyah

“Pulling bad science apart is the best teaching gimmick I know for explaining how good science really works.”
― Ben Goldacre, I Think You'll Find it's a Bit More Complicated Than That

“It's not enough to simply learn about Nature anymore, we must learn from it”
― Dr Darius Singh

“Nous, vivants, constituons un fétu de la diaspora cosmique, quelques miettes de l'existence solaire, un menu bourgeonnement de l'existence terrienne.”
― Edgar Morin, Seven Complex Lessons in Education for the Future

“If you would like to help people banish their eyesight woes and improve their quality of life, then studying to become an optical assistant is the right choice. If your goal is to enter the medical field, and a career as an Optical/Optometric Assistant, sounds interesting to you, then NCE’s Optical/Optometric Assistant program is the first step to making it happen!”
― Sal Younis

“Once the battles were fought, with frightening ferocity on Tatum’s part, she soon became the Head Girl of the Damned and the Doomed.”
― Jim Lowe, New Reform

“In this regard, it is important to realize that the classroom and the educational system, in general, is a coercive environment. This means that the environment is imposed upon children as opposed to allowing to develop or choose it. Essentially, we judge students based upon on how well they fit into this coercive environment. A broader perspective suggests that when a child finds that she is an environment that is not suited to her, her natural response is to try to change that environment. In the case of a child that is overwhelmed by an overly complex environment, this kind of response is less likely because of the challenge she faces in dealing with the environment, but it could occur. In the case of the child that finds herself in an environment that is too simple, the natural response is apparent: an attempt to make the environment more interesting, more stimulating – so-call disruptive behavior. Therefore, the disruptive classroom behavior is actually quite a reasonable consequence of a coercive environment.”
― Yaneer Bar-Yam, Making Things Work: Solving Complex Problems in a Complex World

“David Newell--Mr. McFeely--notes that "Fred really wanted people to grow; that was a big word in his vocabulary. He was always growing--growing emotionally, growing educationally. ...”
― Maxwell King, The Good Neighbor: The Life and Work of Fred Rogers

“The advent of social media means we are blasted into mainstream global styles faster than ever before.”
― Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today

“Is it possible to have an enjoyable real estate buying or selling experience? With the education, with the details, with can come up, you will have a better sense of everything going down.”
― Doug Fish

“NAU’s on-campus and online business management degree training programs give you the foundations of business combined with real-world skills you can apply in today’s workforce.”
― Dr. Ronald L. Shape

“Mr. Ansell was not merely a man of some education; he had what no education can bring — the power of detecting what is important. Like many fathers, he had spared no expense over his boy, — he had borrowed money to start him at a rapacious and fashionable private school; he had sent him to tutors; he had sent him to Cambridge. But he knew that all this was not the important thing. The important thing was freedom.”
― E.M. Forster, The Longest Journey

“People run after academic grades instead of learning concepts when you connect ‘wisdom’ to ‘bread’.”
― Talees Rizvi , 21 Day Target and Achievement Planner

“That may sound contradictory, but I don’t think that we can do without an idea of truth, even if we know that we are generating hypotheses and interpretations. The idea is to inspire the quest, not insist upon an answer or promise an assured outcome. It’s a utopian project. The subject is not that important. It’s just a pathway into the problems.”
― Philip Pomper

“My books are designed to help parents educate their children on life’s important lessons through fun, light-hearted stories.”
― Christina Castle

“Education has always been a profit-enabler for individuals and the corporation. Education, both conception and delivery, must evolve quickly and radically to keep pace with digital transition. Education is a part of the digital equation.”
― Stephane Nappo

“Education is not only the ability to read, but also the ability to sequester what’s worth reading and what’s worthless.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“Frankly, I find it to be a waste of my time. I could learn much more from reading, and school impedes my ability to read. And the tests! The ability to regurgitate facts does not make one intelligent any more than the ability to regurgitate one's meal makes him a fountain!”
― Hew J. La France

“Wake up and work hard, because you have all the death to sleep.”
― Safir Kassim Boudjelal

“The best type of instruction is individual instruction. A course where one teacher instructs one pupil is clearly by far the best type of course. It is only under such conditions that human potentialities can develop to their greatest degree. It is clear that the formal school, characterized by classes in which one teacher instructs many children, is an immensely inferior system. Since each child differs from the other in interest and ability, and the teacher can only teach one thing at a time.”
― Murray N. Rothbard, Education: Free and Compulsory

“The only proper test of worth is the judgment of the consumer who actually uses the product. And the State’s judgment is bound to be governed by its own despotic interests.”
― Murray N. Rothbard

“Nobility is the motto of the noble-minded; the base use sordidness as a pass. Base souls cannot comprehend noble hearts and noble actions, nor can they believe that people can live magnanimous lives.”
― Jennifer Zeng, Witnessing History: One Chinese Woman's Fight for Freedom

“In fact, a religion has two aims: one is to really make those who are good and go up through cultivation obtain the proper way; the other is to maintain the morality of human society on a quite high level.”
― Jennifer Zeng, Witnessing History: One Chinese Woman's Fight for Freedom

“If you are considering going back to school to earn your degree or a technical certificate, but you’re not sure you can afford to stop working in your current job while you study, then it’s time to consider NCE! At the National Career Education (NCE) in Citrus Heights, California, you can earn your certification as an Electrician Training,”
― Sal Younis

“Destroying any nation does not require the use of atomic bombs or the use of long range missiles... It only requires lowering the quality of education and allowing cheating in the examination by students. The collapse of education is the collapse of the education.”
― Daniel Prelipcean

“We can't fix society until we fix the schools. We can't fix the schools until we fix the neighborhoods. We can't fix the neighborhoods until we fix the economy. We can't fix the economy until we fix politics. We can't fix politics until we fix the pernicious effect of basic human insecurities. We can't fix the pernicious effect of basic human insecurities until we fix society. We can't fix society until we fix the schools.”
― Dan Johnson, Catawampusland

“Love certainly draws us on, making learning feel more like discovery and making work feel worth it, even when that work doesn’t exactly feel like play.”
― L.L. Barkat, Earth to Poetry: A 30-Days, 30-Poems Earth, Self, and Other Care Challenge

“People who let themselves learn new things are the best kind of people.”
― David Yoon, Frankly in Love

“What you don’t know has power over you; knowing it brings it under your control, and makes it subject to your choice. Ignorance makes real choice impossible.”
― Abraham H. Maslow

“Vocational guidance officers speak about scores necessary to get into university, how to calculate them, what band might be needed to get into various institutions, what countries they can offer information on, what courses are available.
The post-school future they outline is entirely about getting into a university. There is nothing on alternative futures. The parents around me seem fine with this. Presumably they have academically successful children and have bought into the notion that raising a child is primarily
about getting them to pass exams to enable them to be an economically productive unit in society.
All those claims of building better humans, of being the best you can be, of following your passion, of learning to be inclusive and that everyone has something to offer, are all lies. It is simply about being a banker, IT or human resource person, sales manager, accountant, or a supportive spouse.”
― Linda Collins, Loss Adjustment

“Religion has not civilized man - man has civilized religion. God improves as man advances.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, The Ghosts And Other Lectures

“The mark of an educated person was a rational mind…To believe in prophecy or the intervention of the divine was no more than sloppy thinking. - Apollodorus”
― Jo Graham, Hand of Isis

“Progressive teachers knew very well how to use the computer for their own ends as an instrument of change; School knew very well how to nip this subversion in the bud.”
― Seymour Papert, The Children's Machine: Rethinking School In The Age Of The Computer

“For the most part school science was textbook learning: memorising names and arrangements of human organs or plant parts. Experiments were essentially like following recipes, trying to make the results come out the way you knew they were supposed to. The subject may have been science, but the process wasn't.”
― Rebecca Elson, A Responsibility to Awe

“Too much of what is called 'education' is little more than an expensive isolation from reality.”
― Thomas Sowell

“I was once watching a herring gull through binoculars side by side with Bill. In those days, a herring gull could not scratch itself without one of us asking why natural selection favored that behavior. In any case, I offered as an explanation for the ongoing gull behavior something that was nonfunctional and suggested that the animal was not capable of acting in its own self-interest. Bill said quietly, “Never assume the animal you are studying is as stupid as the one studying it.” I remember looking sideways at him and saying to myself “Yes sir! I like this person. I can learn from him.”
― Robert Trivers, Wild Life: Adventures of an Evolutionary Biologist

“Education is an operation of indoctrination. An apparatus of profit. If a teacher was given free rein to educate students, then the exploitative factions of commerce in the United States couldn't exist.”
― Jonathan Heatt, Teaching Las Vegas

“To dream, to do, that's all there is.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“HVAC Technicians manage air temperature and quality through installation, maintenance, inspection, and repair of the systems that control the climate in our homes, buildings, and vehicles. If you are looking to start a career in the Commercial Refrigeration, Heating and Air Conditioning field, then look no further- NCE has a tremendous training program and facility to train you for success as an HVAC Technician.”
― Sal Younis

“HVAC Techs are skilled trade’s people knowledgeable about more than just HVAC technology, and use their knowledge of electricity, plumbing and welding on virtually a daily basis to perform their job duties. If you are looking to start a career in the Commercial Refrigeration, Heating and Air Conditioning field, then look no further- NCE has a tremendous training program and facility to train you for success as an HVAC Technician.”
― Sal Younis

“We share in your passion for helping others—that’s why the nursing degree programs at our school of nursing focus on providing you with the skills you need to provide quality patient care in your future career as a nurse. If you are interested in learning more about the levels of Nursing Degree Programs then look no further than National American University.”
― Dr. Ronald L. Shape

“Learn the basics of Stock investing with Expert Mr. Yogeshwar Vashishtha, Start managing your portfolio, reduce risk, and make smart decisions. Yogeshwar Vashishtha offers courses are beginner investors, even with small amounts of money, looking to take investing into their own hands.”
― Yogeshwar Vashishtha

“Good heart fuels good work with the head.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A town[…]asked him to donate a church bell, he told them to forsake the steeple and build a library, for which he sent "books instead of a bell, sense being preferable to sound.”
― Walter Issacson, Benjamin Franklin

“It would be rash […] to assume that the dwindling of family authority in present society automatically constitutes an element of progress and liberation. On the one hand, the individual’s most productive powers flourish in a living and direct confrontation with his family, and these powers are now deprived of their target, so to speak; on the other hand, the immediately palpable domination of the individual by society, without any intermediary, is so profound that in a deeper layer of its consciousness, the child growing up ‘authorityless’ is probably even more fearful than it ever was in the good old days of the Oedipus complex. It is precisely this side of the situation that is often overlooked by progressive educators.”
― Theodor W. Adorno, Current of Music: Elements of a Radio Theory

“NAU’s Criminal Justice Programs provide you with the skills necessary to make insightful decisions in the field and prepare you to join the ranks of public servants in your community. And with active law enforcement officers teaching many of our courses—you’ll receive the foundations you need combined with real world experience in the field.”
― Dr. Ronald L. Shape

“Teachers are the most important component of a free society. And one of the most embattled. They are treated like the grease in a machinery grinding to nowhere instead of enlightened beacons of knowledge. Teachers are unappreciated, underpaid, and constantly criticized.”
― Jonathan Heatt, Teaching Las Vegas

“We learned more from a three-minute record, baby, than we ever learned in school.”
― Bruce Springsteen

“The fact is, we need prisons that are more like schools, and schools that are less like prisons. But for this to happen, the teachers also need freedom.”
― Salvatore Striano, La tempesta di Sasà

“A hundred years from now it will not matter what my bank account was, the sort of house I lived in, or the kind of car I drove. But the world may be different, because I was important in the life of a [child].”
― Dr Forest E. Witcraft

“CCSD constantly recruits out-of-state teachers because the district doesn’t deliver on salary promises, which contributes to abysmal retention rates.”
― Jonathan Heatt, Teaching Las Vegas

“Your head is your college. Your college is your education. Your education is your life. Your life is God! Study hard.”
― Simon Mashalla

“Education is my occupation, not my business; we are sailing in the same ocean but in the opposite direction”
― P.S. Jagadeesh Kumar

“NCE’s Medical Assistant program trains students to fill a variety of positions in the medical field, including as a Medical Assistant, a Clinical or Administrative Assistant and a Medical Receptionist.”
― Sal Younis

“The World of which we speak of...
Driving success,
Technologically advanced,
Better Education,
Better Infrastructure..
Better Lifestyle!
I simply ask one question: "Are you Happy?”
― Somya Kedia

“Those who seek greater justice in our world need to work toward a deeper understanding of oppressions. Activists need to develop the kind of understanding that will lead to a lifestyle—a way of being—that works against all oppressions. . . .

This requires us to be open to change as a response
to what other social justice activists say—especially those advocating against parallel interlocking oppressions. We cannot end just one form of oppression, so we need to be on board with other activists. If we are not, we doom social justice activists to perpetually pulling up the innumerable shoots that spring from the very deep roots of oppression. Furthermore, inability to see one’s own privilege and ignorance of the struggles that others face (in a homophobic, racist, ageist, ableist, sexist society) are major impediments to social justice activism. Those who are privileged must get out of the way so that others can take the lead, bringing new social justice concerns and methods to the activist’s table.”
― Lisa Kemmerer, Sister Species: Women, Animals and Social Justice

“Involvement in the life of the community was a vital part of every citizen's daily life; preparing the next generation for such a civic life was the schools' primary mission.”
― Michael Rebell

“She had often been told that genius was one step from insanity - although no one had said if it was the step before or the step after.”
― Bobby Casto, Reality by Deception

“Many of the kids coming into my classes at the university are all but illiterate. You give them a page to read and they can't tell you what's on it. Try teaching them the classics, and they can't pronounce the words. Ask them to write about something, and they can't make complete sentences - much less spell anything over two syllables.”
― Lois Duncan, Killing Mr. Griffin

“Assessment is about teachers and not about students.”
― Deepa Bhushan

“Just like providing healthy food, clean water, comfortable home, good education and health care to children is a must and a right, teaching them how to read books passionately is a skill that they need to live in life living by values, and think logically, and know what's right from wrong, and have a compassionate heart.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“As we all know, there is a kind of lazy pleasure in useless and out-of-the-way erudition.”
― Jorge Luis Borges, The Book of Imaginary Beings

“He had sent her to the British school, which had a good standard of teaching. And at home, through his guidance, she had become as well-read as her brother. He liked to joke about this, tell her that her intellect shamed them all. But at some point, it seemed, he was content to let her grandmother and mother's plans for her take over. Sometimes she feels that she has become a half-developed thing, a sort of freak. Too educated to be content with the usual lot of her sex, but not enough to do anything with it. At her most angry she decided that her education had been a pastime for her father, an amusement.”
― Lucy Foley, Last Letter from Istanbul

“Do not seek so anxiously to be developed, to subject yourself to many influences to be played on; it is all dissipation. Humility like darkness reveals the heavenly lights.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“Without sacrifice, how can there be success?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Asians are still a small minority—14.5 million (including about one million identified as part Asian) or 4.7 percent of the population—but their impact is vastly disproportionate to their numbers. Forty-four percent of Asian-American adults have a college degree or higher, as opposed to 24 percent of the general population. Asian men have median earnings 10 percent higher than non Asian men, and that of Asian women is 15 percent higher than non-Asian women. Forty-five percent of Asians are employed in professional or management jobs as opposed to 34 percent for the country as a whole, and the figure is no less than 60 percent for Asian Indians.
The Information Technology Association of America estimates that in the high-tech workforce Asians are represented at three times their proportion of the population. Asians are more likely than the American average to own homes rather than be renters. These successes are especially remarkable because no fewer than 69 percent of Asians are foreign-born, and immigrant groups have traditionally taken several generations to reach their full economic potential. Asians are vastly overrepresented at the best American universities. Although less than 5 percent of the population they account for the following percentages of the students at these universities: Harvard: 17 percent, Yale: 13 percent, Princeton: 12 percent, Columbia: 14 percent, Stanford: 25 percent.
In California, the state with the largest number of Asians, they made up 14 percent of the 2005 high school graduating class but 42 percent of the freshmen on the campuses of the University of California system.
At Berkeley, the most selective of all the campuses, the 2005 freshman class was an astonishing 48 percent Asian.
Asians are also the least likely of any racial or ethnic group to commit crimes. In every category, whether violent crime, white-collar crime, alcohol, or sex offenses, they are arrested at about one-quarter to one-third the rate of whites, who are the next most law-abiding group.
It would be a mistake, however, to paint all Asians with the same brush, as different nationalities can have distinctive profiles. For example, 40 percent of the manicurists in the United States are of Vietnamese origin and half the motel rooms in the country are owned by Asian Indians.
Chinese (24 percent of all Asians) and Indians (16 percent), are extremely successful, as are Japanese and Koreans. Filipinos (18 percent) are somewhat less so, while the Hmong face considerable difficulties. Hmong earn 30 percent less than the national average, and 60 percent drop out of high school.
In the Seattle public schools, 80 percent of Japanese-American students passed Washington state’s standardized math test for 10th-graders—the highest pass rate for any ethnic group. The group with the lowest pass rate—14 percent—was another “Asian/Pacific Islanders” category: Samoans.
On the whole, Asians have a well-deserved reputation for high achievement.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“Gnosticism, a highly intellectual second-century movement (the word ‘gnostic’ comes from the Greek word for ‘knowledge’) that was later declared heretical, didn’t help. Heretics were intellectual therefore intellectuals were, if not heretical, then certainly suspect. So ran the syllogism. Intellectual simplicity or, to put a less flattering name on it, ignorance was widely celebrated. The biography of St Antony records with approval that he ‘refused to learn to read and write or to join in the silly games of the other little children’. Education and silly games are here bracketed together, and both are put in opposition to holiness. Instead of this, we learn, Antony ‘burned with the desire for God’. That this wasn’t quite true – Antony’s letters reveal a much more careful thinker than this implies – didn’t much matter: it appealed to a powerful ideal. No need to read: give up both books and bread and you will win God’s favour. Even intellectuals were susceptible to this pretty picture: it was hearing about how the simple, unlettered Antony had inspired so many to turn to Christ that led Augustine to start striking himself on the head, tearing his hair and asking, ‘What is wrong with us?’ Ignorance was power.”
― Catherine Nixey, The Darkening Age: The Christian Destruction of the Classical World

“Reading, literacy and learning are fundamentally important to establishing strong and stable democracies. Visit your local public library and expand your mind.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Trust is a factor in all communications, and civility reflects back to understanding and respecting our differences.”
― Cindy Ann Peterson, The Power of Civility: Top Experts Reveal the Secrets to Social Capital

“Anyone would think we were some kind of free education service,' grumbled Joyce, having disposed of the child and returned to her central eyrie.

'That's just what we are,' said Helen.

Joyce shot her a look in which surprise and indignation were nicely fused.”
― Penelope Lively, Passing On

“The whole of the Trivium was, in fact, intended to teach the pupil the proper use of the tools of learning.”
― Dorothy L. Sayers, The Lost Tools of Learning

“Clearly, our immigration policies should be reexamined. A convincing case can be made on environmental grounds alone that a nation of 300,000,000 needs no more people, especially since it would enjoy natural growth if the borders were closed tomorrow. How can we possibly claim to be fighting environmental degradation or hope for energy independence when we import a million or more people every year? How can we claim to be fighting poverty, crime, school failure, or disease when we import people who are more likely than natives to be poor, criminals, school failures, and to suffer from strange diseases? Immigration is even harder to justify when many newcomers speak no English, maintain foreign loyalties, or practice disconcerting religions. It is profoundly unwise to add yet more disparate elements to a population already divided by diversity.
[D]emographers and economists are making dire projections based on the lower likelihood of blacks and Hispanics to become productive workers. These people go on to insist that the solution is to improve education for blacks and Hispanics, but the United States has already made enormous efforts to that end. There is no reason to think some kind of breakthrough is imminent.
Clearly, the solution to the problems posed by an increasing Hispanic population is to stop Hispanic immigration. However, [...], our policy-makers are too afraid of accusations of racism to draw such an obvious conclusion. Americans must open their eyes to the fact that a changing population could change everything in America. The United States could come to resemble the developing world rather than Europe—in some places it already does. One recent book on immigration to Europe sounded a similar alarm when the author asked: “Can you have the same Europe with different people?” His answer was a forthright “no.”
It should be clear from the changes that have already taken place in the United States that we cannot have the same America with different people, either. Different populations build different societies. The principles of European and European-derived societies—freedom of speech, the rule of law, respect for women, representative government, low levels of corruption—do not easily take root elsewhere. They were born out of centuries of struggle, false starts, and setbacks, and cannot be taken for granted. A poorer, more desperate America, one riven with racial rivalries, one increasingly populated by people who come from non-Western traditions could turn its back on those principles.
Many people assert that all people can understand and assimilate Western thinking—and yet cultures are very different. Can you, the reader, imagine emigrating to Cambodia or Saudi Arabia or Tanzania and assimilating perfectly? Probably not; yet everyone in the world is thought to be a potential American. Even if there is only a small chance that non-Western immigrants will establish alien and unsettling practices, why take this risk? Immigration to the United States, like immigration to any nation, is a favor granted by citizens to foreigners. It is not a right.
Immigration advocates often point to the objections Anglo-Americans made to turn-of-the-century immigrants from Italy, Ireland, Hungary, and other “non-Nordic” countries. They point out that these immigrants assimilated, and insist that Mexicans and Haitians will do the same. Those advocates overlook the fundamental importance of race. They forget that the United States already had two ill assimilated racial groups long before the arrival of European ethnics—blacks and American Indians—and that those groups are still uncomfortably distinct elements in American society. Different European groups assimilated across ethnic lines after a few generations because they were of the same race. There are many societal fault lines in “diverse” societies—language, religion, ethnicity—but the fault line of race is deepest.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“Christian preachers [...] were intransigent. They, they said, were answerable to a higher power than the mere law of the land. Their eye was upon heaven. As they reminded their flocks, it was not the law of some imperial bureaucrat that mattered. It was the law of God. Anything that saved a soul – even if it did so at the expense of law, order or even the body that that soul inhabited – was an acceptable act. To attack the houses, bodies and temples of those afflicted by the ‘pagan error’ was not to harm these sinners but to help them. This was not brutality. This was kindness, education, reformation.”
― Catherine Nixey, The Darkening Age: The Christian Destruction of the Classical World

“Experience is a higher education.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Education is not the learning of corporate government propaganda, but of training the mind to filter facts from fiction.”
― Steven Magee

“Perseverance is the prize you have to pay for success.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Assessment is about teachers and not about students.”
― Deepa Bhussh

“[M]any whites flee from diversity, but a few welcome it. Joe and Jessica Sweeney of Peoria, Illinois, had been sending their children to private school but decided the multi-racial experience of public school would be valuable. After the switch, their eight-year-old son and nine-year-old daughter were taunted with racial slurs, and became withdrawn. One day, a black student threatened to kill the girl with a box cutter. The same day, the boy showed his parents a large bruise he got when he was knocked down and called “stupid white boy.” The school reacted with indifference. The Sweeneys sent their children back to private school.”
Fourteen-year-old James Tokarski was one of a handful of whites attending Bailly Middle School in Gary, Indiana, in 2006. Black students called him “whitey” and “white trash” and repeatedly beat him up. They knocked him unconscious twice. The school offered James a “lunch buddy,” to be with him whenever he was not in class, but his parents took him out of Bailly. The mother of another white student said it was typical for whites to be called “whitey” or “white boy,” and to get passes to eat lunch in the library rather than face hostile blacks in the lunch room.
On Cleveland’s West Side, ever since court-ordered busing began in the 1970s, blacks and Hispanics have celebrated May Day by attacking whites. In 2003, Elsie Morales, a Puerto Rican mother of two, told reporters that when she took part in May Day violence as a student in the 1970s she justified it as payback for white oppression. Her daughter Jasmine said it was still common to attack whites: “It’s like if you don’t jump this person with us, you’re a wimp and we’ll get you next.”
In the late 1990s, whites were 41 percent of students in Seattle public schools, blacks were 23, and the rest were Hispanic and Asian. In 1995 and 1999, schools conducted confidential surveys about racial harassment. In both years, a considerably larger percentage of white than black students complained of racial taunts or violence. Only an “alternative” newspaper reported the findings, and school representatives refused to discuss them.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“As whites cease to be the mainstream, their interests become less important. In 2008, the College Board, the New York-based non profit that administers Advanced Placement (AP) tests, announced it was dropping AP courses and exams in Italian, Latin literature, and French literature. Blacks and Hispanics are not interested in those subjects, and they were the groups the College Board wanted to reach.
In Berkeley, California, the governance council for the school district came up with a novel plan for bridging the racial achievement gap: eliminate all science labs, fire the five teachers who run them, and spend the money on “underperforming” students. The council explained that science labs were used mainly by white students, so they were a natural target for cuts.
Many schools have slashed enriched programs for gifted students because so few blacks and Hispanics qualify for them. Evanston Township High School in Illinois prides itself on diversity and academic excellence but, like so many others, is dismayed that the two do not always go together. In 2010 it eliminated its elite freshman honors courses in English because hardly any blacks or Hispanics met the admission criteria. The honors biology course was scheduled for elimination the next year.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“I believe powerfully that we who have the power should strive to extend the gift of education to everyone. Education is the most important investment a developed society can make, and the most effective way of nurturing a developing one.”
― Brian Cox, Human Universe

“Great teachers share more than the facts, they share values.”
― Reed B Markham

“Many theories have been advanced to explain racial gaps in performance, of which these are the most common: black and Hispanic schools do not get enough money, their classes are too big, students are segregated from whites, minorities do not have enough teachers of their own race. Each of these explanations has been thoroughly investigated. Urban schools, where non-whites are concentrated, often get more money than suburban white schools, so blacks and Hispanics are not short-changed in budget or class size. Teacher race has no detectable effect on learning (Asians, for example, outperform whites regardless of who teaches them), nor do whites in the classroom raise or lower the scores of students of other races.
Money is not the problem. From the early 1970s to the 2006-2007 school year per-pupil spending more than doubled in real terms. The Cato Institute calculates that when capital costs are included, the Los Angeles School District spends more than $25,000 per student per year, and the District of Columbia spends more than $28,000.
Neither district gets good results. Demographic change can become a vicious cycle: As more minorities and immigrants enter a school system average achievement falls. More money and effort is devoted to these groups, squeezing gifted programs, music and art, and advanced placement courses. The better-performing students leave, and standards fall further.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“Perhaps the most surprising and powerful aspect of place-value arithmetic is how it reduces any calculation to a set of purely abstract symbolic manipulations. In principle, I suppose, one could even be trained to perform such symbol-jiggling procedures without any comprehension whatever of the underlying meaning. We could even (if we can possible imagine being so cruel) force young children to memorize tables of symbols and meaningless step-by-step procedures, and then reward or punish them for their skill (or lack thereof) in this dreary and soulless activity. This would help protect our future office workers from accidentally gaining a personal relationship to arithmetic as a craft or enjoying the perspective that outlook would provide. We could turn the entire enterprise into a rote mechanical process and then reward those who show the most willingness to be made into reliable and obedient tools. I wonder if you can imagine such a nightmarish, dystopian world? Let's try not to think about it.”
― Paul Lockhart, Arithmetic

“[...]education will give you a sense of the world's scope, of its wonders, of its many and varied ways of life.”
― Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow

“In all racial groups, students from wealthy households tend to score better than those who are poor, but income does not explain group differences. A study by McKinsey and Company found that white fourth graders living in poverty scored higher—by the equivalent of about half-a-year’s instruction—than black fourth graders who were not poor. These differences increase in high school. On the 2009 math and verbal SAT tests, whites from families with incomes of less than $20,000 not only had an average combined score that was 117 points (out of 1600) higher than the average for all blacks, they even outscored by 12 points blacks who came from families with incomes of $160,000 to $200,000.
Educators and legislators have not ignored the problem. The race gap in achievement is such a preoccupation that in 2007, 4,000 educators and experts attended an “Achievement Gap Summit” in Sacramento. They took part in no fewer than 125 panels on ways to help blacks and Hispanics do as well as whites and Asians.
Overwhelming majorities in Congress passed the No Child Left Behind Act in 2002 to improve student performance and bridge achievement gaps. The government budgeted $24.4 billion for the program for fiscal year 2007, and its requirements for “Adequate Yearly Progress” have forced change on many schools. This is only the latest effort in more than 25 years of federal involvement. The result? In 2009, Chester E. Finn, Jr., a former education official in the Reagan administration, put it this way: “This is a nearly unrelenting tale of woe and disappointment. If there’s any good news here, I can’t find it.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“Want to fix it all? Save the world? Change the system? Ensure progress? Get books into the hands of kids... and your work will be done.”
― Peter van der Walt

“I am an educated person living a global life in an interconnected world.”
― Steven Magee

“Learning new systems and processes is not mandatory...but neither is staying in business”
― Bobby Darnell, Time For Dervin - Living Large In Geiggityville

“How many people know 10 good things about America? Almost anyone can tell that. But thing is that cities in America is not certain or similar to each other. The many popular cities are also popular due to their food style like Portland Oregon, San Francisco, California, Las Vegas, Nevada, and Seattle Washington etc and many other cities like this including Miami too.

According to wallet hub, Miami stands at 3rd position about their craze of food and other things. But Miami is not just a food city but also claimed a name as a crime city.”
― Scott Cooper Miami

“The education of women has of late been more attended to than formerly; yet they are still reckoned a frivolous sex, and ridiculed or pitied by the writers who endavour by satire or instruction to improve them.”
― Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman

“Kalau guru, dosen, maupun pendidik lain hanya menganggap pendidikan yang selama ini ia kerjakan hanya profesi semata, maka jangan kaget kalau siswa, mahasiswa, maupun peserta didik lain pun juga menganggap pendidikan yang selama ini ia terima hanya untuk mendapatkan profesi saja.”
― Evan S. Parusa

“ L'éducation ne se borne pas à l'enfance et à l'adolescence. L'enseignement ne se limite pas à l'école. Toute la vie, notre milieu est notre éducation, et un éducateur à la fois sévère et dangereux.

Learning transcends childhood and adolescence just as teaching transcends the classroom. Our environment is the most strict and dangerous educator we will ever have.”
― Paul Valéry

“Without experience,how could we be truly educated?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Training is anchored in the past. Education looks to the future.”
― Nido R. Qubein

“There are so many small moments, or as I call them, little things, that have inspired and continue to inspire me as a teacher. I draw so much inspiration from the many inquisitive and creative minds as well as the infinite amount of questions posed by children. They ask us questions we do not have the answers to. Children remind me how each and every single day is filled with so much to discover about the world and ultimately about ourselves. A butterfly or an ant becomes a marvelous creature that we wonder in awe at or even pretend to be by flying or crawling together. Children make me dig deep and model how to treat and take care of one another, our environment, and ourselves. Children teach me what taking care of each other looks like and what sticking together like peanut butter and jelly is all about, especially during the most challenging of times. We breathe together, we talk and work out problems together, and we move together. In the midst of it all, we meet one another where we are and support one another to where we are going. Each and every day I am filled and inspired by our children. For that, my heart and my brain are full with love and memories.”
― Jill Telford

“If I could change one thing about our schools it would be to transform all schools into communities of care and project based experiential learning through play where the focus is less on results and more on the process. Instead of zero tolerance policies we would have tolerance policies where it is okay to make mistakes. Schools would be centered on taking care of ourselves, each other and our environment driven by care not data. I believe all children have the right to love and freedom to explore not restrained.”
― Jill Telford

“Kama utafiti wa mtu umevuka mipaka ya ukweli au uhalisia toa utafiti mwingine kuupinga huo wa kwake, kwa lengo la kuelimisha wengi. Haina maana kusema jambo si la kweli na usitwambie kwa nini si la kweli.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Music is the school and the hospital of the emotions.”
― Neel Burton

“If you want to become an effective leader, you should take the time to develop leadership skills as a good follower.”
― Saaif Alam

“The world is always the same. Always beautiful: why should we let our delight in it die? The answer to this problem lies in education. If we teach our children to love everything about them - the sky, the air, water, flowers, animals - then they will keep their youthful spirit forever, whatever may happen to them in the trivial world of affairs.”
― Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, Get Ready for Battle

“Education with a seasoning of values is a well-prepared dish for one and all.”
― Rohit Manglik

“Education is the only possession man has even when he loses everything.”
― Rohit Manglik

“Woe to him who teaches men faster than they can learn.”
― Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers

“Successful people don’t use the obstacles of time, education, and money as excuses...they use them as leverage to get help.⁣⁣
⁣⁣”
― Richie Norton

“A 2008 Wall Street Journal article entitled “America’s Universities are Living a Diversity Lie” summed up findings in this area:
'To this day, few colleges have even tried to establish that their race-conscious admissions policies yield broad educational benefits. The research is so fuzzy and methodologically weak that some strident proponents of affirmative action admit that social science is not on their side. In reality, colleges profess a deep belief in the educational benefits of their affirmative-action policies mainly to save their necks. They know that, if the truth came out, courts could find them guilty of illegal discrimination against white and Asian Americans.'
The New York Times agrees, noting that decades of promoting diversity have not succeeded in getting students to mix. The article concludes:
'No one has a formula for success; there is not even a consensus about what success would look like. Experts say that diversity programs on college campuses amount to a constantly evolving experiment, which in some cases in the past may have done more harm than good.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“The Sophists start by postulating that there are no limits to what education can accomplish and they maintain, in contrast to the old mystical belief in breeding, that ‘virtue’ can be taught. Western culture, which is based on self-consciousness, self-observation and self-criticism, has its origin in their idea of education. They initiated the history of Western rationalism, with its criticism of dogmas, myths, traditions and conventions. They are the discoverers of historical relativity—the recognition that scientific truths, ethical standards and religious creeds are all historically conditioned. They are the first to realize that all norms and standards, whether in science, law, morality, mythology or art, are creations of human minds and hands. They discover the relativity of truth and falsehood, right and wrong, good and evil. They recognize the pragmatic motives underlying human valuations, and thus pave the way for all subsequent endeavour in the field of humanistic enlightenment. It is to be noted that their rationalism and relativism are connected with the same trend of economy and the same general impulse towards free competition and moneymaking as gave rise to the Renaissance emancipation of science, the enlightenment of the eighteenth century and the materialism of the nineteenth. Their experience of ancient capitalism aroused the same reactions in them as the experience of modern capitalism does in their successors.”
― Arnold Hauser, The Social History of Art: Volume 1: From Prehistoric Times to the Middle Ages

“Of all the social problems I have witnessed in the United States, and there are many, I have yet to see one that couldn't be solved or ameliorated by creating access to affordable or free education.”
― Stewart Stafford

“The ideas of beawolf ain’t gonna go nowhere.” <—My first complete sentence to an MLA style paper about Beowulf. My English teachers in high school changed and edited my trajectory with my writing and with . . . my life. Writing is a process like life. We’re all in a process of becoming. Remember that. Make mistakes and keep your voice. And, take the guidance along the way.”
― Jill Telford

“The true professor of English would be a sort of inspired person, a little silly, fond of reciting and reading aloud, unconscious of time and place, filled with intense admiration and terrific denunciations, admired and pitied by his students. Such a man with his childish conceit, his tattered wits, his flushed cheeks, and his transparent sincerity is the inspiration of the classroom, — he is the spirit of literature itself. Can a man like that examine ? Of course not. He lets them all through. But even the least gifted has caught something of our inspiration.”
― Stephen Leacock, The Pursuit of Knowledge: A Discussion of Freedom and Compulsion in Education

“There is no description, no image in any book that is capable of replacing the sight of real trees, and all the life to be found around them, in a real forest. Something emanates from those trees which speaks to the soul, something no book, no museum is capable of giving.”
― Maria Montessori

“Education is the way out of the poverty trap. It shouldn't be the poverty trap itself and make those trying to better themselves incur massive student debt.”
― Stewart Stafford

“I know the importance of education because my pens and books were taken from me by force,”
― Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban

“Universities promote diversity. On April 24, 1997, 62 research universities led by Harvard bought a full-page advertisement in the New York Times that justified racial preferences in university admissions by explaining that diversity is a “value that is central to the very concept of education in our institutions.”
Lee Bollinger, who has been president of the University of Michigan and of Columbia, once claimed that diversity “is as essential as the study of the Middle Ages, of international politics and of Shakespeare.”
Many companies and universities have a “chief diversity officer” who reports directly to the president. In 2006, Michael J. Tate was vice president for equity and diversity of Washington State University. He had an annual budget of three million dollars, a full time staff of 55, and took part in the highest levels of university decision-making. There were similarly powerful “chief diversity officers” at Harvard, Berkeley, the University of Virginia, Brown, and the University of Michigan.
In 2006, the University of Wisconsin at La Crosse decided that diversity was so important that its beneficiaries—students—should pay for it. It increased in-state tuition by 24 percent, from $5,555 to $6,875, to cover the costs of recruitment to increase diversity.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“Schools have tried just about anything to try to calm racial tensions: professional mediation, multi-cultural training, diversity celebrations, anger-management classes, and a host of other interventions. In 2004, the Murrieta Valley Unified School District, in Riverside County, California, even considered a rule that would have forbidden any student to “form or openly participate in groups that tend to exclude, or create the impression of the exclusion of, other students.” The school board narrowly rejected the proposal when it was pointed out that the ban would have prohibited membership in the Hispanic group, La Raza, and could have been read to forbid playing rap music around white students.
Absurd measures like this show how desperate schools are to solve the race problem. A 2003 survey found that 5.4 percent of high-school students had stayed home at least once during the previous month because they were physically afraid. This was an increase over 4.4 percent ten years earlier. Racial violence was undoubtedly an important factor.
The circumstances under which some of our least advantaged citizens must try to get an education are nothing short of scandalous. Is it a wonder their test scores are low, that many drop out, that they fail to see the value of an education? How many times must school race riots be put down by SWAT teams before school authorities realize that this may be a problem that will not be cured with sensitivity training? The purpose of schools is to educate, not to force on children integration of a kind their parents do not even practice.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“Whites impose these rules on themselves because they know blacks, in particular, are so quick to take offense. Radio host Dennis Prager was surprised to learn that a firm that runs focus groups on radio talk shows excludes blacks from such groups. It had discovered that almost no whites are willing to disagree with a black. As soon as a black person voiced an opinion, whites agreed, whatever they really thought. When Mr. Prager asked his listening audience about this, whites called in from around the country to say they were afraid to disagree with a black person for fear of being thought racist.
Attempts at sensitivity can go wrong. In 2009, there were complaints from minority staff in the Delaware Department of Transportation about insensitive language, so the department head, Carolann Wicks, distributed a newsletter describing behavior and language she considered unacceptable. Minorities were so offended that the newsletter spelled out the words whites were not supposed to use that the department had to recall and destroy the newsletter.
The effort whites put into observing racial etiquette has been demonstrated in the laboratory. In experiments at Tufts University and Harvard Business School, a white subject was paired with a partner, and each was given 30 photographs of faces that varied by race, sex, and background color. They were then supposed to identify one of the 30 faces by asking as few yes-or-no questions as possible. Asking about race was clearly a good way to narrow down the possibilities —whites did not hesitate to use that strategy when their partner was white—but only 10 percent could bring themselves to mention race if their partner was black. They were afraid to admit that they even noticed race.
When the same experiment was done with children, even white 10- and 11-year olds avoided mentioning race, though younger children were less inhibited. Because they were afraid to identify people by race if the partner was black, older children performed worse on the test than younger children. “This result is fascinating because it shows that children as young as 10 feel the need to try to avoid appearing prejudiced, even if doing so leads them to perform poorly on a basic cognitive test,” said Kristin Pauker, a PhD candidate at Tufts who co-authored the study.
During Barack Obama’s campaign for President, Duke University sociologist Eduardo Bonilla-Silva asked the white students in his class to raise their hands if they had a black friend on campus. All did so. At the time, blacks were about 10 percent of the student body, so for every white to have a black friend, every black must have had an average of eight or nine white friends. However, when Prof. Bonilla-Silva asked the blacks in the class if they had white friends none raised his hand. One hesitates to say the whites were lying, but there would be deep disapproval of any who admitted to having no black friends, whereas there was no pressure on blacks to claim they had white friends.
Nor is there the same pressure on blacks when they talk insultingly about whites. Claire Mack is a former mayor and city council member of San Mateo, California. In a 2006 newspaper interview, she complained that too many guests on television talk shows were “wrinkled-ass white men.” No one asked her to apologize.
Daisy Lynum, a black commissioner of the city of Orlando, Florida, angered the city’s police when she complained that a “white boy” officer had pulled her son over for a traffic stop. She refused to apologize, saying, “That is how I talk and I don’t plan to change.”
During his 2002 reelection campaign, Sharpe James, mayor of Newark, New Jersey, referred to his light-skinned black opponent as “the faggot white boy.” This caused no ripples, and a majority-black electorate returned him to office.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“The notion, popularized by classicist and romanticist critics alike, of the Attic theatre as the perfect example of a national theatre, and of its audiences as realizing the ideal of a whole people united in support of art, is a falsification of historical truth.33 The festival theatre of Athenian democracy was certainly no ‘people’s theatre’ —the German classical and romantic theorists could only represent it as such, because they conceived the theatre to be an educational institution. The true ‘people’s theatre’ of ancient times was the mime, which received no subvention from the state, in consequence did not have to take instructions from above, and so worked out its artistic principles simply and solely from its own immediate experience with the audiences. It offered its public not artistically constructed dramas of tragi-heroic manners and noble or even sublime personages, but short, sketchy, naturalistic scenes with subjects and persons drawn from the most trivial, everyday life. Here at last we have to do with an art which has been created not merely for the people but also in a sense by the people. Mimers may have been professional actors, but they remained popular and had nothing to do with the educated élite, at least until the mime came into fashion. They came from the people, shared their taste and drew upon their common sense. They wanted neither to educate nor to instruct, but to entertain their audience. This unpretentious, naturalistic, popular theatre was the product of a much longer and more continuous development, and had to its credit a much richer and more varied output than the official classical theatre; unfortunately, this output has been almost completely lost to us. Had these plays been preserved, we should certainly take quite a different view of Greek literature and probably of the whole of Greek culture from that taken now. The mime is not merely much older than tragedy; it is probably prehistoric in origin and directly connected with the symbolic-magical dances, vegetation rites, hunting magic, and the cult of the dead. Tragedy originates in the dithyramb, an undramatic art form, and to all appearances it got its dramatic form—involving the transformation of the performers into fictitious personages and the transposition of the epic past into present —from the mime. In tragedy, the dramatic element certainly always remained subordinate to the lyrical and didactic element; the fact that the chorus was able to survive shows that tragedy was not exclusively concerned to get dramatic effect and so was intended to serve other ends than mere entertainment.”
― Arnold Hauser, The Social History of Art: Volume 1: From Prehistoric Times to the Middle Ages

“Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.”
― Albert Einstein

“When women can decide whether and when to have children, it saves lives, promotes health, expands education, and creates prosperity—no matter what country in the world you’re talking about.”
― Melinda Gates, The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World

“Education is discovering your full potential and flourishing that potential for the benefit of the humanity.”
― Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird

“The first book a child should be taught how to read is the Holy Scriptures.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To paraphrase what the President of the Soviet Union, Nikita Khrushchev said on American TV in 1953, “You Americans are so gullible! No, you won’t accept Communism outright. But we’ll keep feeding you small doses of Socialism until you finally wake up and find you already have Communism. We won’t have to fight you. We’ll so weaken your economy until you fall like over-ripe fruit into our hand.”
― D. Jonathan Scott, The Rise And Fall of the American Republic

“The best of being is to live the best life, doing what you love.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The task of literature, it seems, is precisely to present, as people worthy of respect and pity, all those who in life are commonly despised. Thus authors adopt a rather lofty position in relation to the rest of the world, taking upon themselves the role of sole defenders of the aforesaid despised, assuming the role of judges, defence, and prosecution rolled into one, and undertaking the hard task of educating the masses and purveying great ideas.”
― Ludmilla Petrushevskaya, Immortal Love

“We had a class called Theory of Knowledge, taught by a Catholic family man we later found out was strongly attracted to little boys… so I guess the point of the class was you don’t know shit. The past few years, I found out that there’s Neurogenesis, which means we *do* make new brain cells. And I found out about Epigenetics, which basically means Lamarck was more right than Darwin… so that does away with a lot of shit I still remember from science classes from not too long ago. I read books that show the Jews did 911 (not Osama) and a guy named McPherson keeps telling us that we’re all gonna die in a few years anyway. Make each day count…”
― Dmitry Dyatlov

“Experience teaches you, what you miss in your education.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Experience is the best educator.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If you graduated from higher education, you should feel proud and not allow your grades to define who you are. Regardless of your cumulative GPA, you will always have opportunities to find a career that suits your skills and interests.”
― Saaif Alam

“I cry, beg and plead for my freedom but as long as I refuse to educate myself, I'll never enter the Promised Land that was promised to Abraham. Jesus is the Passover Lamb, sacrificing himself to help us pass over the oppression of this slavery. It's a throwback story in the books of Exodus and Deuteronomy.
My people listen to me; the Lord keeps his promises pass a thousand generations to eternity. Metaphysical theology, give Yahweh what's His to enter the land flowing with milk and honey. Righteousness is what makes He which is Him in me and I am as He is as we are one, it's a double edged sword, it's supreme knowledge for those who call out to the Lord.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Equal education moves people toward empowerment, but unequal education does the reverse. Of all the divisive tools that are used to push people to the margins, unequal education is the most damaging and enduring. Unless there is an explicit effort to include everyone, schools will never be a remedy for exclusion; they will be the cause of it.”
― Melinda Gates, The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World

“What a man reads pours massive ingredients into his mental factory and the fabric of his life is built from those ingredients.”
― Jim Rohn

“Professors reduce their office hours—or skip them entirely—and send students to the much cheaper teaching assistants as the efficiency fairies work to preserve more time for faculty to spend doing all the paperwork required by a burgeoning administrator staff that has nothing better to do than to create new paperwork requirements.”
― L. Randall Wray

“The best of being is to live the best live, doing what you love.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“He was careful to instruct him in such an affable, kind, and gentle way, that he easily prevailed with him to consider studying, not so much as a duty of obedience to his superiors, but as the way to purchase for himself a most delightsom and invaluable good. In effect, he soon created in Philaretus so strong a passion to acquire knowledge, that what time he could spare from a scholar's task, which his retentive memory made him not find uneasy, he would usually employ so greedily in reading, that his master would sometimes be necessitated to force him out to play, on which, and upon study, he looked, as if their natures were inverted.”
― Robert Boyle, Robert Boyle: By Himself and His Friends: With a Fragment of William Wotton's 'Lost Life of Boyle'

“THE BEAUTIFUL THING ABOUT LEARNING IS THAT NO ONE CAN TAKE IT AWAY FROM YOU”
― B.B King

“It's a lust for some trust we never attain. 95% of people don't know what they want out of life so ignorance is the price they'll always retain. 4% 'think' they know what to obtain and that 1% know exactly what they want out of life and take control of their domain.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Take the time to vet the source before you make it a resource.

The influx of fake authority, false answers and fabricated tips, sprinkled with only motivation and inspiration has been leading too many entrepreneurs, start ups & beginners down some of the worst roads possible.”
― Loren Weisman

“Nations are not built on the laws of governments, strong nations are built on the sweat of entrepreneurs”
― mmanti umoh

“There's a reason elite schools speak of training leaders, not thinkers - holders of power, not its critics.”
― William Deresiewicz, What the Ivy League Won't Teach You

“Real civilisation means an education that extends to the whole of life, in contradistinction to that of school or college: it means an education that forms speech, forms manners, forms taste, forms ideals, and above all forms judgment.”
― Edith Wharton, French Ways and Their Meaning

“K-12 teaching is a low-status profession in this country, and in academia, teaching (what is already known) is less highly valued than research (expanding what is known). Teaching teachers is then the lowest of the low, totem pole-wise.”
― Mark Seidenberg, Language at the Speed of Sight

“For those of us who do find ourselves still sitting in classrooms come the age of nineteen- those of us who are the lucky, the often unwilling, the privileged few- we are met with the opposite of the undergraduate apathy we were taught to endure. We find that learning cannot survive without passion, that evolution cannot exist without chaos, and that self-betterment cannot occur without humility. In fact, if we wish to learn virtually anything at all, we cannot do so without a fundamental level of self-betterment which pervades even our deepest unconscious.

If we continue to learn, we realize that this means that our most precious beliefs about the nature of reality itself will be questioned, and everything we know and love and held on to for dear life will be held at gunpoint by the throat by contraposing ideology which threatens our beliefs about existence itself.

We will realize that the world as we knew it was incomplete, we will realize the finitude of our own minds, we will realize the complexity and wonder of a rich and multifaceted world that is both more beautiful and more horrifying than we ever knew nor could have dreamed- and we will run in fear, or we will love it. It is a visceral, instinctual reaction, one which equivocates to either shock or awe, and one which likely embodies both. It is a reaction all beings share when faced with something utterly new- the defamiliarizing threat and thrill of the sublime. It is both inexplicably gratifying and deeply uncomfortable to become aware of your own beauty, of the utter, tantalizing, inexplicable divinity of every second of your life- your paralysis in the face of God is a synthesis of both the person you once were, which society has crafted you to believe you are, and the personhood you have always possessed and shared with the universe itself, a personhood which is deeper and richer than all knowledge or any issue which corrupts our class or economics or cripples the politics of our time.”
― Alice Minium

“We will realize that the world as we knew it was incomplete, we will realize the finitude of our own minds, we will realize the complexity and wonder of a rich and multifaceted world that is both more beautiful and more horrifying than we ever knew nor could have dreamed- and we will run in fear, or we will love it.

It is a visceral, instinctual reaction, one which equivocates to either shock or awe, and one which likely embodies both. It is a reaction all beings share when faced with something utterly new- the defamiliarizing threat and thrill of the sublime.
It is both inexplicably gratifying and deeply uncomfortable to become aware of your own beauty, of the utter, tantalizing, inexplicable divinity of every second of your life- your paralysis in the face of God is a synthesis of both the person you once were, which society has crafted you to believe you are, and the personhood you have always possessed and shared with the universe itself, a personhood which is deeper and richer than all knowledge or any issue which corrupts our class or economics or cripples the politics of our time.”
― Alice Minium

“There are days when I would gladly hit “Return” and please refund my debt to Sallie Mae to stop those impossible bills from coming, but it is not for the fact that I believe I’ve been cheated.

I, like most millennials, am disillusioned with the net return of academia, but I have not been cheated by education.

I have been cheated by a corrupt system, and it is education that has taught me the difference.

If I could say education had a product, I would like to say it is abundance.

But if education had a product, it would be an empty box.

And if successful education had a product, it would be the match ignited which set that box on fire and set the mind upon which every essay on “knowledge” ever written in history was cast into the fire to burn.”
― Alice Minium

“I, like most millennials, am disillusioned with the net return of academia, but I have not been cheated by education.

I have been cheated by a corrupt system, and it is education that has taught me the difference.”
― Alice Minium

“Most hard-hitting, truly provocative thinkers I have read will argue, of course, for intersectional advocacy and social equality, but each of them still shrouds, indiscriminately, some qualitatively-ranked mythos of ‘learning’ (or, implicitly, education) as some kind of holy grail to cultural change.

But education is really, more than anything, the chronicler of cultural change and the documentarian of human developments.

It is, by nature, in the business of analyzing, segmenting, and adjudicating things- hardly at all in the business of creating them to propel into the public, as if university campuses were somehow the laboratories of God.”
― Alice Minium

“We doing these things because we’re moral, enlightened people. We’re doing these things because we are embedded within longstanding structures of institutional power, and education is just one of these functions.
And it is a function with tremendous social power to oppress or to legitimize, to open or to close, to create or to calcify, to inscribe or to erase, to pardon or to punish- to dictate, or to free.

The one we choose to do, we ought to choose carefully.”
― Alice Minium

“We borrowed their syllabus, they borrowed our graduates.”
― Saroj Aryal

“Of course, IQ is not the same as being educated. IQ measures the ability to learn, comprehend, and problem solve. Education is the process of acquiring knowledge. These are two separate things, although not entirely unrelated. For example, a person with a superior IQ learns at a faster pace, thus can acquire knowledge faster. However, a person with a superior education can easily outsmart someone with a genius IQ who’s lacking knowledge.”
― Mimi Jean Pamfiloff, Smart Tass

“Schooling doesn't assure employment but skill does.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“All of us believe you belong here,” I’d said to the Elizabeth Garrett Anderson girls as they sat, many of them looking a little awestruck, in the Gothic old-world dining hall at Oxford, surrounded by university professors and students who’d come out for the day to mentor them. I said something similar anytime we had kids visit the White House—teens we invited from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation; children from local schools who showed up to work in the garden; high schoolers who came for our career days and workshops in fashion, music, and poetry; even kids I only got to give a quick but emphatic hug to in a rope line. The message was always the same. You belong. You matter. I think highly of you.
An economist from a British university would later put out a study that looked at the test performances of Elizabeth Garrett Anderson students, finding that their overall scores jumped significantly after I’d started connecting with them—the equivalent of moving from a C average to an A. Any credit for improvement really belonged to the girls, their teachers, and the daily work they did together, but it also affirmed the idea that kids will invest more when they feel they’re being invested in. I understood that there was power in showing children my regard.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“A person who is only educated by others is an uneducated person; without self-education, you will not be able to get an education in the strict sense of the word.”
― Elmar Hussein

“Only the World will save the World! -- The key is good education.”
― Rodolfo Peon

“Restriction of knowledge creates ruthless beings.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“Beauty may be in the eye of the beholder, but the eye itself can be coaxed, informed, and persuaded.”
― Meghan Cox Gurdon, The Enchanted Hour: The Miraculous Power of Reading Aloud in the Age of Distraction

“Your grades and degrees doesn't reflects your true education.”
― Inu Etc

“A violent society is an underdeveloped society.”
― Rodolfo Peon

“Permissiveness constantly deprives children of the examples of adult-centred life where they can find the place they seek in a natural hierarchy of greater and lesser experience, and where their desirable actions are accepted and their undesirable actions rejected, while they themselves are always accepted. Children need to see that they are assumed to be wed intentioned, naturally social people who are trying to do the right thing and want a reliable reaction from their elders to guide them.”
― Jean Liedloff

“I had been taught to read the words of men like Madison as a cast into which I ought to pour the plaster of my own mind, to be reshaped according to the contours of their faultless model. I read them to learn what to think, not how to think for myself. Books that were not of God were banished; they were a danger, powerful and irresistible in their cunning.

To write my essay I had to read books differently, without giving myself over to either fear or adoration.”
― Tara Westover, Educated

“Forcing youthful brains to become early birds will guarantee that they do not catch the worm, if the worm in question is knowledge or good grades.”
― Matthew Walker, Why We Sleep: Unlocking the Power of Sleep and Dreams

“We live in an age when knowing things has become a substitute for experiencing them.”
― Marty Rubin

“While knowledge without integrity is dangerous, integrity without knowledge is weak and useless.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“Feed Hansel and Gretel one breadcrumb at a time. Don't present the witch and the oven in one go.”
― Trevor Carss

“People who have acquired academic degrees, without acquiring many economically meaningful skills, not only face personal disappointment and disaffection with society, but also have often become negative factors in the economy and even sources of danger, especially when they lash out at economically successful minorities and ethnically polarize the whole society they live in. . . . . In many places and times, soft-subject students and intellectuals have inflamed hostility, and sometimes violence, against many other successful groups.”
― Thomas Sowell, Wealth, Poverty and Politics: An International Perspective

“Immediate reality is conditional upon individual consciousness. Thus the individual real existence of man also lies first and foremost in his consciousness. But this is as such necessarily ideational, and thus conditioned by the intellect and by the sphere and substance of the intellect's activity. The degree of clarity of consciousness, and consequently of thought, can therefore be regarded as the degree of reality of existence. But this degree of thought, or of clear consciousness of ones own existence and that of others, varies very greatly within the human race itself according to the measure of natural intellectual power, the extent to which this is developed, and the amount of leisure available for reflection.

- On Psychology”
― Arthur Schopenhauer, The Horrors and Absurdities of Religion

“The biggest problem with education is that it focuses entirely on answering questions and not asking them.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Dressed up sharply, Seyit kissed his mother's hand, stepped down the stairs and ventured forth to become a rich man. After he had left, Dirmit spread out her books on top of the sewing machine and started to study.”
― Latife Tekin, Sevgili Arsız Ölüm

“MAN: Mr. Chomsky, I’m wondering what specific qualifications you have to be able to speak all around the country about world affairs?
 
None whatsoever. I mean, the qualifications that I have to speak on world affairs are exactly the same ones Henry Kissinger has, and Walt Rostow has, or anybody in the Political Science Department, professional historians—none, none that you don’t have. The only difference is, I don’t pretend to have qualifications, nor do I pretend that qualifications are needed. I mean, if somebody were to ask me to give a talk on quantum physics, I’d refuse—because I don’t understand enough. But world affairs are trivial: there’s nothing in the social sciences or history or whatever that is beyond the intellectual capacities of an ordinary fifteen-year-old. You have to do a little work, you have to do some reading, you have to be able to think, but there’s nothing deep—if there are any theories around that require some special kind of training to understand, then they’ve been kept a carefully guarded secret.
In fact, I think the idea that you’re supposed to have special qualifications to talk about world affairs is just another scam—it’s kind of like Leninism [position that socialist revolution should be led by a “vanguard” party]: it’s just another technique for making the population feel that they don’t know anything, and they’d better just stay out of it and let us smart guys run it. In order to do that, what you pretend is that there’s some esoteric discipline, and you’ve got to have some letters after your name before you can say anything about it. The fact is, that’s a joke.
 
MAN: But don’t you also use that system too, because of your name-recognition and the fact that you’re a famous linguist? I mean, would I be invited to go somewhere and give talks?
 
You think I was invited here because people know me as a linguist? Okay, if that was the reason, then it was a bad mistake. But there are plenty of other linguists around, and they aren’t getting invited to places like this—so I don’t really think that can be the reason. I assumed that the reason is that these are topics that I’ve written a lot about, and I’ve spoken a lot about, and I’ve demonstrated a lot about, and I’ve gone to jail about, and so on and so forth—I assumed that’s the reason. If it’s not, well, then it’s a bad mistake. If anybody thinks that you should listen to me because I’m a professor at M.I.T., that’s nonsense. You should decide whether something makes sense by its content, not by the letters after the name of the person who says it. And the idea that you’re supposed to have special qualifications to talk about things that are common sense, that’s just another scam—it’s another way to try to marginalize people, and you shouldn’t fall for it.”
― Noam Chomsky, Understanding Power: The Indispensable Chomsky

“The Architect, growing tired, sat upon his unfinished work, looking down (or up) at the earth. What else could he do? He had many more ideas, but, by this time, they did not seem to add any true value. He scratched his chin. He watched his tools float about.”
― Nathan Walkowicz, of Dust and Dragonflies: Short Stories

“There is a fascinating passage in Nietzche’s Twilight of the Idols that is one of the great passages in philosophical literature, and you don’t have to agree with anything else Nietzsche says, but this is a real gem: Writing about education in Germany in the 1880s, which very much describes our educational situation today, he says: “I shall straightaway set down the three tasks for the sake of which one requires educators. One has to learn to see, one has to learn to think, one has to learn to speak and write: the end in all three is a noble culture.

Learning to see – habituating the eye to repose, to patience, to letting things come to it; learning to defer judgment, to investigate and comprehend the individual case in all its aspects. This is the first preliminary schooling in spirituality; not to react immediately to a stimulus, but to have the restraining, stock-taking instincts in one’s control. Learning to see, as I understand it, is almost what is called in unphilosophical language ‘strong will-power’: the essence of it is precisely not to ‘will,’ the ability to defer decision. All unspirituality, all vulgarity, is due to the incapacity to resist a stimulus – one has to react, one obeys every impulse.” He later says, with great psychological insight, “almost everything which we crudely name ‘vice’ is merely this physiological incapacity not to react.” He further states: “A practical application of having learned to see: one will have become slow, mistrustful, resistant as a learner in general.
Jeff Nyquist”
― J.R.Nyquist

“This is not for your entertainment. This is for your evolution.”
― Lynda Nguyen

“What good is your education for, if it only makes your life better, while your neighbors remain in obscurity?”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“The only “success question” that matters: Do you want to learn or do you want your excuse?”
― Richie Norton

“Education is not just about acquiring knowledge and skills but about being initiated into a certain sensibility.”
― Rita Felski, The Limits of Critique

“And the education I can receive from an afternoon with Picasso, or from taking one of my nieces or nephews to the movies, is not at all what the state has in mind when it speaks of Education.”
― James Baldwin, Dark Days

“It often seems that we live in a bottom line society, where the final score or final grade is all that matters. Exceptional children grow to understand that the journey is everything.”
― Rafe Esquith, Lighting Their Fires: Raising Extraordinary Children in a Mixed-up, Muddled-up, Shook-up World

“In schools today, on paper it may appear that kids are learning skills but in reality they are only renting them, soon to forget what they've learned over the weekend or summer vacation.”
― Rafe Esquith

“Falstaff: [...] Good faith, this same young sober-blooded boy doth not love me; nor a man cannot make him laugh—but that's no marvel; he drinks no wine. There's never none of these demure boys come to any proof; for thin drink doth so over-cool their blood, and making many fish-meals, that they fall into a kind of male green-sickness; and then, when they marry, they get wenches. They are generally fools and cowards-which some of us should be too, but for inflammation. A good sherris-sack hath a two-fold operation in it. It ascends me into the brain; dries me there all the foolish and dull and crudy vapours which environ it; makes it apprehensive, quick, forgetive, full of nimble, fiery, and delectable shapes; which delivered o'er to the voice, the tongue, which is the birth, becomes excellent wit. The second property of your excellent sherris is the warming of the blood; which before, cold and settled, left the liver white and pale, which is the badge of pusillanimity and cowardice; but the sherris warms it, and makes it course from the inwards to the parts extremes. It illumineth the face, which, as a beacon, gives warning to all the rest of this little kingdom, man, to arm; and then the vital commoners and inland petty spirits muster me all to their captain, the heart, who, great and puff'd up with this retinue, doth any deed of courage—and this valour comes of sherris. So that skill in the weapon is nothing without sack, for that sets it a-work; and learning, a mere hoard of gold kept by a devil till sack commences it and sets it in act and use. Hereof comes it that Prince Harry is valiant; for the cold blood he did naturally inherit of his father, he hath, like lean, sterile, and bare land, manured, husbanded, and till'd, with excellent endeavour of drinking good and good store of fertile sherris, that he is become very hot and valiant. If I had a thousand sons, the first humane principle I would teach them should be to forswear thin potations and to addict themselves to sack.”
― William Shakespeare, Henry IV, Part 2

“As his father saw it, he did not want to learn what was taught. But in fact, he could not learn it. He could not, because there were demands in his soul that were more exacting for him than those imposed by his father and the pedagogue. These demands were conflicting, and he fought openly with his educators.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“Truth is powerful, and, if not instantly, at least by slow
degrees, may make good her possession. Gleams of good sense may
penetrate through the thickest clouds of error … and, as the true
object of education is not to render the pupil the mere copy of his
preceptor, it is rather to be rejoiced in, than lamented, that various
reading should lead him into new trains of thinking; open to him new
mines of science and new incentives to virtue; and perhaps, by a blended
and compound effect, produce in him an improvement which was out of the
limits of his lessons, and raise him to heights the preceptor never
knew.”
― William Godwin, Enquirer

“There is more to knowing than just knowing.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Compassion, kindness, empathy, sympathy, mercy, and understanding are six connected values that should be implanted in the young generation, as they are what motivates people to help and stand for each other. A heart that is filled with mercifulness is a heart that will help its society and the whole world to continue, improve, and thrive.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“The human mind is an incredible thing. It can conceive of the magnificence of the heavens and the intricacies of the basic components of matter. Yet for each mind to achieve its full potential, it needs a spark. The spark of enquiry and wonder.”
― Stephen Hawking, Brief Answers to the Big Questions

“Never let schooling interfere with education.”
― Grant Allen

“The strongest reason for giving woman all the opportunities for higher education, for the full development of her faculties, her forces of mind and body; for giving her the most enlarged freedom of thought and action; a complete emancipation from all forms of bondage, of custom, dependence, superstition; from all the crippling influences of fear—is the solitude and personal responsibility of her own individual life.”
― Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Solitude of Self

“Our parents had drilled us under the importance of using proper diction, of saying “going” instead of “goin” and “isn’t” instead of “ain’t “. We were taught to finish off words. They bought us a dictionary and a full Encyclopedia Britannica set, which lived on a shelf in the stairwell to our apartment, its titles etched in gold. Any time we had a question about a word, or a concept, or some piece of history, they directed us toward those books. Dandy, too, was an influence, meticulously correcting our grammar and admonishing us to enunciate our words when we went over for dinner. The idea was we were to transcend, to get ourselves further. They’d planned for it. They encouraged it. We were expected not just to be smart but to own our smartness – to inhabit it with pride – and this filtered down to how we spoke.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“It was a small but life-changing move. I didn't stop to ask myself then what would happen to all the kids who'd been left in the basement with the teacher who couldn't teach. Now that I'm an adult, I realize that kids know at a very young age when they're being devalued, when adults aren't invested enough to help them learn. Their anger over it can manifest itself as unruliness. It's hardly their fault. They aren't "bad kids." They're just trying to survive bad circumstances.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“As long as you have life, learn all you can.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Though these young men unhappily fail to understand that the sacrifice of life is, in many cases, the easiest of all sacrifices, and that to sacrifice, for instance, five or six years of their seething youth to hard and tedious study, if only to multiply tenfold their power of serving the truth and the cause they have set before them as their goal, such a sacrifice is utterly beyond the strength of many of them.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov

“So it's 2019. I'm gonna say the right thing to do is for the US to declare bankruptcy (Trump can do it… done it before…), and dismantle the criminal state of Israel as it exists today. Unfortunately, politicians are so full of shit and AIPAC money, and the economy is so addicted to war, and the US population is so fucking stupid... that we’ll probably have to go and try to fuck up another two or three countries before moving on to a decent, honest life.”
― Dmitry Dyatlov

“Media: Keep the adult public attention diverted away from the real social issues, and captivated by matters of no real importance.
Schools: Keep the young public ignorant of real mathematics, real economics, real law, and REAL HISTORY [WC emphasis].
Entertainment: Keep the public entertainment below a sixth-grade level.
Work: Keep the public busy, busy, busy, with no time to think; back on the farm with the other animals.”
― Milton William Cooper, Behold a Pale Horse

“Education ... is recognized as a builder of both society and the nation. However, the precondition that it is fit in all respects must have been satisfied.”
― Priyavrat Thareja

“Education is the knowledge and wisdom spiritually speaking. The poverty of a man is measured by his education and not for his words. Will you look for gold and silver without education and commitment?”
― Alan Maiccon

“In conclusion, the good can be made better; the bad remains bad.”
― Carlo Michelstaedter, La melodia del giovane divino: Pensieri, racconti, critiche

“Never preoccupy your mind constantly on a problem for more than certain period of time. Always find a solution to overcome the challenge and move on.”
― Saaif Alam

“Marilah meraih mimpi dan jangan takut terjatuh ketika mengerjar mimpi mu”
― Cristian Stefan

“විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය බොහෝ දෙනා අදහස් කරන පරිදි බහුශ්‍රැතභාවය බෙදා දෙන තැනක් නොවේ. විද්‍යාර්ථින් විසින් තෝරා ගන්නා ලද ඒ ඒ විෂයට නිවැරදි සම්ප්‍රාප්තිය ලබා දෙන ආයතනයකි. අවුරුදු තුන හතරක් විශ්වවිද්‍යාලයක ගත කිරීමෙන් ලද හැකි බහුශ්‍රැතභාවය කුමක්ද? එයින් ලබා ගත හැක්කේ ඊට නිවැරදි මග පෙන්වීම පමණකි. බහුශ්‍රැතයෙකු විය හැක්කේ ඒ මාර්ගය දිගේ බොහෝ කලක් ගමන් කිරීමෙනි. කෙනෙකු බහුශ්‍රැතයෙකු වීම ඇරඹෙන්නේ විශ්වවිද්‍යාලයෙන් පිට වූ තැන සිටය.”
― කේ. ජයතිලක, දින සටහන්

“An act of kindness can teach a man more than mere knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“التعليم الذي يقدم لشبيبة بلد ما يتيح لنا أن نستشرف قليلا مصير هذا البلد ومستقبله”
― Gustave Le Bon

“Most people in the world are sacrificing their souls to the devil. Remember, any good or gold achieved by the devil and his followers has no moral and righteous tale to tell and it's always tragedy at the end. Therefore, seek the Lord and stay on the right lane. It will never seize your internal peace and quest to achieve great things.”
― Mokapi More

“续航教育专业用心做留学，为同学们的留美生活保驾护航。如需申请美国大学欢迎访问3w。forwardpathway.com”
― 续航小鱼

“Gift last for few days, guidance last forever.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“The way that we think is dependent upon our flowering formal and informal education. How we think affects our behavior. How we conduct ourselves in the unscripted interactions with our family, friends, and lovers alters our emotional being. Our emotional being funnels our thought processes. Our community modulates our actions and establishes standards for behavior, and our logical reasoning and moral reasoning skills evolve as we mature. The didactical association between education, thinking, behaving, communal relationships, and the ongoing process of making logical and moral decisions continues to shape unions and disunions of our transforming character.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Find a good teacher, don't betray yourself to succeed and be a better person before being a better actor.”
― Giovanni Morassutti

“Undistracted by schooling, one studies best during vacations”
― Carlo Rovelli, Seven Brief Lessons on Physics

“إن القيمة التي نحصل عليها من دراسة علم بعينه لا تكمن في مجرد فهم الحقائق و المبادئ المتعلقة به و إنما تكمن كذلك في تأمل صراع العقل الإنساني مع المشاكل الخاصة بهذا العلم ، ثم في إدراك كيف نتجت معارفنا الحالية من التغلب علي العقبات ، و استنباط الأساليب ، و لمحات الإلهام ، و تصحيح الأخطاء ، و صراع الآراء و قبل هذا و ذاك من الممارسة اليومية الدؤوبة و التجريب التي يقوم بها جمع كبير من الباحثين .”
― السيد محمد خيري, A Hundred Years of Psychology: 1833-1933

“Congratulations to all those who just graduated and those who will still graduate. I wish all of you can get employed. For those who might get jobs immediately please don’t lose hope. Never allow people in your hood to tell you that you are the same because you are sitting with them being unemployed. You are not the same. You are a post graduate. Get yourself The Theory of 46 Be’s book to keep you going. I would say, All the best with your future life, but I remembered that you are the future.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“On some intuitive level, I knew that learning had to be more than the mastery of facts. I've experienced it as an adult. I become consumed with a subject like quilting or preparing yogurt cultures, and that topic takes over my life - fabric scraps scattered on the floor, little jars of white sludge cuddled by blankets on my kitchen countertops. When I learned to play guitar in my thirties, no one had to schedule my practices. My guitar lived on a stand in the living room and I tormented our ears multiple times a day until my fingers bled. Passion for learning has that fiery, consuming, can't-stop quality.”
― Julie Bogart, The Brave Learner: Finding Everyday Magic in Homeschool, Learning, and Life

“Where are you going on vacation?”
“Nowhere. I’m going to read. I love reading.”
― Marjane Satrapi, The Complete Persepolis

“Intelligence is inversely proportional (contrary) to tongue, more the intelligence, less you speak and less the intelligence, more you speak.”
― Shahid Iqbal

“Liberal studies means..." said Mrs Chatterway, who prided herself on being an advocate of progressive education, in which role she had made a substantial contribution to the illiteracy rate in several previously good primary schools.”
― Tom Sharpe, Wilt

“Some things are made funny to some people by their ignorance.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The educational systems should rely on three solid foundations: enhancing values, life skills, and formal educational curriculum. Each of these bases completes the other, none of them can stand on its own. There is no use of having smart students who don't show respect and compassion, or know how to live by values in life.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“Once I realized we didn’t need to recreate the traditional classroom, and that we could customize our kids’ education, I discovered a new type of freedom.”
― Kent Larson, 12 Homeschool Myths Debunked: The Book for Skeptical Dads

“Being supportive and building students’ confidence is not accomplished by blindly telling them they are doing a great job every day.  It involves assessing weaknesses and strengths and delivering feedback in a timely manner so that they can build their skills to complete the task at hand.”
― Oran Tkatchov, Success for Every Student: A Guide to Teaching and Learning

“We need not know the how and the why to profit from knowing the that.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“A poorly made car, sofa, or meal can
be easily returned or discarded.  A poorly educated child cannot; factory recalls are not an option in education.  There will never be a day when the evening newscaster announces, “Scottsdale High School issued a product recall on the graduating class of 2012.  If you currently employ a member of the class of ‘12, please return him or her to the district office for a class of ‘17 upgrade.”
― Oran Tkatchov, Success for Every Student: A Guide to Teaching and Learning

“A poorly made car, sofa, or meal can be easily returned or discarded.  A poorly educated child cannot; factory recalls are not an option in education.  There will never be a day when the evening newscaster announces, 'Scottsdale High School issued a product recall on the graduating class of 2012.  If you currently employ a member of the class of ‘12, please return him or her to the district office for a class of ‘17 upgrade.”
― Oran Tkatchov, Success for Every Student: A Guide to Teaching and Learning

“You can homeschool whether you loved school, hated school, or were somewhere in the middle.”
― Kathy Oaks, Homeschoolers Are Not Hermits: A Practical Guide to Raising Smart, Confident, and Socially Connected Kids

“As a teacher, no matter what grade level, no matter how hard you try to engage the entire
class or implement the suggestions above, you will still encounter “that one kid” who will get
under your skin: the class clown, the smart-ass, the student who acts like you are pulling his teeth every time you ask him to do something, the kid who always has to say “this is stupid.” They are just part of the clientele base we serve and they can drive us to drinking (figuratively
speaking…and sometimes literally).  
Please remember that you are the adult.  The negativity or resistance “that one kid” radiates can be handled in a way that does not disturb the class structure.”
― Oran Tkatchov, Success for Every Student: A Guide to Teaching and Learning

“As a teacher, no matter what grade level, no matter how hard you try to engage the entire class or implement the suggestions above, you will still encounter “that one kid” who will get under your skin: the class clown, the smart-ass, the student who acts like you are pulling his teeth every time you ask him to do something, the kid who always has to say “this is stupid.” They are just part of the clientele base we serve and they can drive us to drinking (figuratively
speaking…and sometimes literally).  
Please remember that you are the adult.  The negativity or resistance “that one kid” radiates can be handled in a way that does not disturb the class structure.”
― Oran Tkatchov, Success for Every Student: A Guide to Teaching and Learning

“Homeschooling is about growing and learning, not about being perfect.”
― Kathy Oaks, Homeschoolers Are Not Hermits: A Practical Guide to Raising Smart, Confident, and Socially Connected Kids

“The eagle is wise because he looks everywhere, not somewhere. If you want to raise wise people, raise people who look everywhere, not somewhere! Let them know all the ideas, let them travel on all roads! Let them walk in the light and in the dark! Above all, let them make a habit of doubting what they have been taught!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“One hundred years before the present government existed, a powerful leader, Sir William Berkeley, governor of Virginia, stated his views in clear, unflinching terms. "I thank God," he said, that "there are no free schools nor printing [in this land]. For learning has brought disobedience, and heresy, and sects into the world, and printing hath divulged them...God save us from both!”
― Jonathan Kozol, Illiterate America

“Wake up in the morning feeling eager to learn something new, then sleep at night feeling accomplished.”
― Saaif Alam

“I did hundreds of interviews with people in retirement or approaching retirement. Here was their theme: 'I was waiting for a time when I’d have more time, education, experience or money to do what I wanted to do…only to find out when I got there that I still needed more time, more education, more experience and more money.”
― Richie Norton

“When we think about learning, we typically focus on getting information into students’ heads. What if, instead, we focus on getting information out of students’ heads?”
― pooja k. agarwal

“Kindness is a pure knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If an individual applauds your successful accomplishments and helps you out during times of crises, keep him or her in your life. This shows a sign of a true friend , family member or romantic partner.”
― Saaif Alam

“Demasiadas veces nos esforzamos mucho con lo que ingerimos por la boca, y mucho menos con lo que entra por nuestros ojos y oídos. ¿No te parece?”
― Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings (1 of 5)

“Read a book that would help you gain useful knowledge and incorporate the information in your real life experience when aiming to pursue long term goals.”
― Saaif Alam

“A school's version of fun can never compete with the street's version of fun.”
― Bernard Paul Chapin, Escape from Gangsta Island

“Ignorance has its own advantages.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I emphasize that my job is not to challenge their personal beliefs but to teach the logic of geology (geo-logic?) - the methods and tools of the discipline that enables us not only to comprehend how the Earth works at present but also to document in detail its elaborate and awe-inspiring history.”
― Marcia Bjornerud, Timefulness: How Thinking Like a Geologist Can Help Save the World

“Stop this government overreach. They can't just come in here and tell us what to do."
"Uhm, it's school," Tony said. "That's kind of the point.”
― Gordon Jack

“The nature of this steel is odd. I found that as I increased its weight little by little, the effect was like a pair of scales: the bulk of muscles placed, as it were, on the other pan increased proportionately, as though the steel had a duty to maintain a strict balance between the two. Little by little, moreover, the properties of my muscles came increasingly to resemble those of the steel. This slow development, I found, was remarkably similar to the process of education, which remodels the brain intellectually by feeding it with progressively more difficult matter. And since there was always the vision of a classical ideal of the body to serve as a model and an ultimate goal, the process closely resembled the classical ideal of education”
― Yukio Mishima, Sun and Steel

“There's nothing shocking about celebrities going topless, getting drunk, or falling over. Let me know when they read a book.”
― Fuad Alakbarov

“Yet despite the complexity of contemporary society, there are still some simple formulas we can use to distill the path to social and economic flourishing. One of these, labeled the “Success Sequence,” and credited to Ron Haskins and Isabel Sawhill of the left-of-center Brookings Institute, proposes a three-step rule book for modern American life:

1. Finish high school.
2. Get a job. (Any job. Because working leads to more working, which leads to better jobs.)
3. Get married before having children.

When people follow this pattern—and crucially, in this order—life generally turns out pretty well.”
― Ben Sasse, Them: Why We Hate Each Other - and How to Heal

“People often say that football and boxing are the ways out of the working class and they are your ticket out of that kind of life, if you happen to want to leave it. But, for me, the library is the key. That is where the escape tunnel is. All of the knowledge in the world is there. The great brains of the world are at your fingertips.”
― Billy Connolly, Made In Scotland: My Grand Adventures in a Wee Country

“Learning, thinking, and writing should not be about accumulating knowledge, but about becoming a different person with a different way of thinking. This is done by questioning one’s own thinking routines in light of new experiences and facts.”
― Sönke Ahrens, How to Take Smart Notes: One Simple Technique to Boost Writing, Learning and Thinking – for Students, Academics and Nonfiction Book Writers

“The real enemy of independent thinking is not an external authority, but our own inertia. The ability to generate new ideas has more to do with breaking with old habits of thinking than with coming up with as many ideas as possible.”
― Sönke Ahrens, How to Take Smart Notes: One Simple Technique to Boost Writing, Learning and Thinking – for Students, Academics and Nonfiction Book Writers

“Millions of people across the world live in a state of acute environmental crises caused by the lack of access to safe and usable water resources, because of natural disasters, socio-economic conditions, wars and conflicts. At Green the Gene, we are developing extremely simple yet highly technology and data intensive solutions tailored to address extremely specific problems faced by communities.”
― Madhav Datt

“One of my goals is to educate you by calling your attention to things that others deem unworthy of attention.”
― Paul Bamikole

“Generally, education is to curiosity what circumcision is to the foreskin.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Most people can afford healthcare and education in the age group when both these things are not relevant.”
― D. S. Pandit, Wisdom Quotes and Life Lessons

“Read the books which they [the ancients] have written, read those which you prefer, they will speak to you and you will speak to them” - St Bernardino of Siena (d. 1444)”
― Bernardino of Siena

“Institutions of learning should be devoted to the cultivation of curiosity, and the less they are deflected by considerations of immediacy and application, the more likely they are to contribute not only to human welfare but to the equally important satisfaction of intellectual interest which may indeed be said to have become the ruling passion of intellectual life in modern times.”
― Abraham Flexner, The Usefulness of Useless Knowledge

“Unfortunately, most people need to know a lot of what they do not know to know how little they know.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Education is not the key to success; Education is key for success.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Acquiring certificates without putting the mind to work is a complete waste of education.”
― Endale Edith, The Voice of The Mind

“Not everything has to have a reason. You can do things simply because it’s fun or out of curiosity.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Extra knowledge adds no value unless you put it into action or share it with others.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Somebody needs me, therefore I teach.”
― Larry Bell

“An authentic leader cares about producing high quality work that can benefit others with the use of strong organizational and critical thinking skills.”
― Saaif Alam

“The whole people must take upon themselves the education of the whole and must be willing to bear the expense of it.”
― John Adams

“So, you see what's going on here, don't you? so... The fact is that 20 percent, ONE FIFTH of Americans can't fucking read. Let's say that another 2 fifths are just retarded. I think that's a safe estimate. There. That's 60 percent. 60 percent of your country is fucking stupid. Now, you pay the Jews (Israel)... you pay them 6 mil a day... then they use some of that to bribe and blackmail your fucked up Pedo Senators... and the rest to start fucked up wars all over the place, and false flag bullshit. To put it mildly, your "democracy" has been getting raped by the Jews for decades. And this would all be funny except it's not a joke. Facts and Logic.”
― Anonymous

“I am not for a moment suggesting that everything that goes on in laboratories will ultimately turn to some unexpected practical use or that an ultimate practical use is its actual justification. Much more I am pleading for the abolition of the word "use", and for freeing of the human spirit.”
― Abraham Flexner, The Usefulness of Useless Knowledge

“When I was in third grade, we had a mandatory environmental science class. The only thing I remember from that class, was when our teacher told us, 8 year olds, that in the state of Haryana in India - where I grew up - the water table was falling by almost 2 feet every year. For me, this fact suddenly converted this abstract idea of sustainable development into a very real problem that affected communities and people I knew.”
― Madhav Datt

“If she could just get Papa to put Jack Door's book on lock-picking on the syllabus, she felt sure her new education would soon be complete.”
― Peter Bunzl, Cogheart

“Institutionalized education is the door and money is the key.”
― Goitsemang Mvula

“He believes one should read a lot wider than deportment manuals if one plans to get an exceptional education. Don't you agree""
The Kraken weighed the magazine in her hand. "No," she said. "I don't. Besides, this sort of bunkum is not approved of by the academy. It has no educational value."
"It teaches piracy and air combat.”
― Peter Bunzl, Cogheart

“Do one good thing everyday, that someone is afraid to do”
― Leymah Gbowee

“When earning a degree from higher education, you should not only keep the certificates under your possession since you invested time and money to pursue an education. You should make use of the degree pursuing a career that pertains to your field of studies.”
― Saaif Alam

“Education teaches a system of life, not vision of philosophy since it holds a gift of God.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Kapalı Lale Sineması'nın önünde oniki on üç yaşlarında bir simitçi dururdu. Ben önceleri kendisine pek dikkat etmemiştim. Bu çocuk ikide bir sinemaya kaçar, simit tablasının başını boş bırakır, gelen geçen para atıp simit alır ve boş tabla orada kalırdı. Ne yaptıysak bu çocuğu sinemadan dışarı çıkaramadık. Tokatladık, azarladık nafile, gitmiyor. Bir süre sonra kendi kendine yerleri silmeye, koltukların tozunu almaya başladı. Canla başla çalışıyor. Ancak filim başladı mı kendinden geçiyor, neredeyse perde ile bütünleşiyor. Birgün bunu karşıma aldım, oğlum sen kimsin, nesin, ailen yok mu diye sorularla tanımaya çalıştım. Ailesini Yunanlılar katletmiş. Bu ellerinden zor kurtulmuş, işte simit falan satarak geçinmeye çalışıyor. 'Amca' dedi, 'ben sinemayı çok seviyorum, nolur beni kovmayın' dedi. 'Peki' dedik ve bunu işe aldık. Temizlikçi olarak başladı, ama kabiliyetli çocuk. Bir süre sonra perdeye baka baka okuyup yazmayı öğrendi. Aradan çok geçmedi filme eşlik eden piyanoyu seyrederek piyano çalmasını öğrendi. Makinalara merak saldı, makina kullanmasını öğrendi. Afişleri yapan ressamı seyrederek afiş yapmasını öğrendi, yani sinemanın girdisini çıktısını tamamen bilerek tam bir vukuf kesbetti. Ben sonraları bu çocuğu sinemaya idareci yaptım. Yıllarca yanımda çalıştı. Buradan şu neticeye gelmek istiyorum: Sinema olayı eğitici yönü ile çok önem taşımaktadır. Mustafa Çimen ismindeki bu cahil ve aile nedir bilmeyen çocuk kabiliyetlerini geliştirmiş ve bir meslek edindiği gibi olabildiğince kendisini yetiştirmeye çalışmıştı. Canlı bir örnek olarak karşımızda durmaktadır. Sinema, görerek öğrenmenin başta gelen unsurlarından biri ve belki de en birincisidir.”
― Cemil Filmer, Hatıralar - Türk Sinemasında 65 Yıl

“True education is not education for any purpose; like all striving for perfection, it carries its purpose within itself. Just as striving to attain physical strength, dexterity, and beauty serves no ultimate end, such as making us rich, famous, and powerful, but instead is its own reward ... so the striving after 'education', that is, after improvement of the mind, is not an arduous journey toward any definite goal, but an exhilarating and fortifying broadening of our consciousness, an enrichment of our potential for life and happiness. In this respect, true education is always both a fulfillment and a stimulus.”
― Herman Hesse

“A well-written article does not make what was written factual or something to subscribe to.

Fiction does not become fact because it looks good.
Fiction does not become fact because you wish it were true.
Fiction does not become fact because it has turned into popular opinion.

Remember this before reading the news, views, opinions or commentary.”
― Loren Weisman

“Hoy a los niños se les enseña a cerrar los ojos y a bloquear los oídos para que nunca vean las necesidades del pueblo ni oigan sus gemidos. El que solía oír, hoy se ha convertido en sordo. El resultado de esos colegios son aquellos de quienes se dice: «¡Lástima de esta generación, porque tienen ojos y no pueden ver, y tienen oídos y no pueden oír!». Porque se les ha enseñado a ver y oír un solo mundo.”
― Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, Devil on the Cross

“Read books by people you disagree with. Listen to others who think differently from you. Watch programming you wouldn't normally watch. Expand your mind and views of the world. As right as you think you are about your own beliefs and experiences, others feel the same way about their own. You'll learn more than you ever imagined if you see the world through beliefs rather than right and wrong.”
― Emily Maroutian

“I knew from my own life experience that when someone shows genuine interest in your learning and development, even if only for ten minutes in a busy day, it matters. It matters especially for women, for minorities, for anyone society is quick to overlook.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“If you treat your mind like a trash can, don't be surprised when you reach for a thought and all you get is garbage.”
― Zero Dean, Lessons Learned from The Path Less Traveled Volume 1: Get motivated & overcome obstacles with courage, confidence & self-discipline

“The human mind is an incredible thing. It can conceive of the magnificence of the heavens and the intricacies of the basic components of matter. Yet for each mind to achieve its full potential, it needs a spark. The spark of enquiry and wonder.
Often that spark comes from a teacher. Allow me to explain. I wasn’t the easiest person to teach, I was slow to learn to read and my handwriting was untidy. But when I was fourteen my teacher at my school in St Albans, Dikran Tahta, showed me how to harness my energy and encouraged me to think creatively about mathematics. He opened my eyes to maths as the blueprint of the universe itself. If you look behind every exceptional person there is an exceptional teacher. When each of us thinks about what we can do in life, chances are we can do it because of a teacher.
[...] The basis for the future of education must lie in schools and inspiring teachers. But schools can only offer an elementary framework where sometimes rote-learning, equations and examinations can alienate children from science. Most people respond to a qualitative, rather than a quantitative, understanding, without the need for complicated equations. Popular science books and articles can also put across ideas about the way we live. However, only a small percentage of the population read even the most successful books. Science documentaries and films reach a mass audience, but it is only one-way communication.”
― Stephen Hawking, Brief Answers to the Big Questions

“Nejde o to, že učíme matematiku, protože by matematika měla být učena, ale protože je dítě díky matematice zvláštním způsobem rozvíjeno ve své duši.”
― Peter Selg, The Essence of Waldorf Education

“When I was growing up it was still acceptable—not to me but in social terms—to say that one was not interested in science and did not see the point in bothering with it. This is no longer the case. Let me be clear. I am not promoting the idea that all young people should grow up to be scientists. I do not see that as an ideal situation, as the world needs people with a wide variety of skills. But I am advocating that all young people should be familiar with and confident around scientific subjects, whatever they choose to do. They need to be scientifically literate, and inspired to engage with developments in science and technology in order to learn more.
A world where only a tiny super-elite are capable of understanding advanced science and technology and its applications would be, to my
mind, a dangerous and limited one. I seriously doubt whether long-range beneficial projects such as cleaning up the oceans or curing diseases in the developing world would be given priority. Worse, we could find that
technology is used against us and that we might have no power to stop it.
I don’t believe in boundaries, either for what we can do in our personal lives or for what life and intelligence can accomplish in our universe. We stand at a threshold of important discoveries in all areas of science. Without doubt, our world will change enormously in the next fifty years. We will find out what happened at the Big Bang. We will come to understand how life began on Earth. We may even discover whether life exists elsewhere in the universe. While the chances of communicating with an intelligent extra-terrestrial species may be slim, the importance of such a discovery means we must not give up trying. We will continue to explore our cosmic habitat, sending robots and humans into space. We cannot continue to look inwards at ourselves on a small and increasingly polluted and overcrowded planet. Through scientific endeavour and technological innovation, we must look outwards to the wider universe, while also striving to fix the problems on Earth. And I am optimistic that we will ultimately create viable habitats for the human race on other planets. We will transcend the Earth and learn to exist in space.
This is not the end of the story, but just the beginning of what I hope will be billions of years of life flourishing in the cosmos.
And one final point—we never really know where the next great scientific discovery will come from, nor who will make it. Opening up the thrill and wonder of scientific discovery, creating innovative and accessible ways to reach out to the widest young audience possible, greatly increases the chances of finding and inspiring the new Einstein. Wherever she might be.
So remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don’t just give up. Unleash your imagination. Shape the future.”
― Stephen Hawking, Brief Answers to the Big Questions

“Schooling isn't important to get success but studies, experiences and skills are essential.”
― Inu Etc

“When I speak to teachers, it’s always remarkable to me how unaware they are of the research literature—especially young teachers or student teachers.” Yet when it comes to homework, most teachers are true believers.”
― Nancy Kalish, The Case Against Homework: How Homework Is Hurting Our Children and What We Can Do About It

“Učitel - zvláště waldorfský učitel - přes svou významnou pozici není žádným "prorokem" přátelství, manželství nebo povolání ve vizionářském anebo v plném smyslu slova. Není to jeho úlohou, ani to není v jeho kompetenci, aby promítal do dítěte vlastní cíle, ideály a přání. Zásadní rozhodnoutí musí nakonec udělat člověk sám ve své individualitě.”
― Peter Selg, The Essence of Waldorf Education

“The most important advantage of writing is that it helps us confront ourselves when we do not understand something as well as we would like to believe.”
― Sönke Ahrens, How to Take Smart Notes: One Simple Technique to Boost Writing, Learning and Thinking – for Students, Academics and Nonfiction Book Writers

“One who learns to justify forgets to learn.”
― Raheel Farooq, Kalam

“Education is not the acquisition of degrees. It is the broadening of one's mind. It is the process of undertaking and imparting true knowledge. It is the awakening of one's consciousness towards the Universe withing us and the Universe around us.”
― Avijeet Das

“I find that it is when an opinion is least wanted, that it is most needed.”
― Nate Hamon, Terra Dark

“A positive attitude is often way more important than education, money, and experience.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Never use a pen for copying and pasting. Always use your pen for creativity. This aspect of composition can prove your unique understanding of a given writing task.”
― Saaif Alam

“Waldorfská škola neslouží státu ani ekonomice, slouží budoucímu člověku, aby byl otevřený budoucnosti a měl k ní vztah.”
― Peter Selg, The Essence of Waldorf Education

“Education is not the acquisition of degrees. It is the broadening of one's mind. It is the process of undertaking and imparting true knowledge. It is the awakening of one's consciousness towards the Universe within us and the Universe around us.”
― Avijeet Das

“Best Safety Training for the safety world.”
― Poshe

“The one who does the work does the learning.”
― Terry Doyle, Learner-Centered Teaching: Putting the Research on Learning Into Practice

“Barack wasn't a real black man, like them--someone who spoke like that, looked like that, and read that many books could never be.
What bothered me most was that Barack exemplified everything parents on the South Side often said they wanted for their kids.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“We can teach from our experience, but we cannot teach experience.”
― Sasha Azevedo

“It is no use deciding what people ought to learn without at the same time considering how it may be made interesting — without, in fact, an unremitting study of human psychology.”
― Hilda Matheson, Broadcasting

“People think they learn history when they don’t know it’s written by politicians. But when they know, their study has nothing to do with history.”
― Tuan Ho

“Action speaks in favor of responsiblity because it can prove to others about your character of honesty, intelligence and open mindedness.”
― Saaif Alam

“If a person works smart instead of executing unnecessary effort with their tasks, he or she can achieve the greatest success in life.”
― Saaif Alam

“If a person works smart instead of executing unnecessary effort with his or her tasks, he or she can achieve the greatest success in life.”
― Saaif Alam

“German Kindergarten teachers would not intervene unless someone's eye was actually being poked out with a stick, and even then, only to clean up the eye, put it back in the child's head, and tell them to soldier on.”
-Kari Martindale, in “Expat Education: an Expat’s Guide to Choosing a School Overseas” by author Carole Hallett Mobbs”
― Kari Martindale

“Life is a fleeting cameo, and the reason for the short season is to reason for our season.”
― Martin Ugwu

“Momentous, cardinal decision — the choice of one’s work in the world; of one’s career. Few for whom the choice is early obvious and settled; few who can choose on their own. The initial responsibility is with those who are supposed to set us on the road. How often the choice, if choice it be is made for the boy — or even by him — on some fortuitous irrelevant circumstance. Or he just drifts into this or that. No conscious, serious, deliberate, reasoned effort rightly to choose. Hence the unhappiness and unsettlement of uncongenial, unsuitable occupation. Hence inefficiency and wastage in every business; in the business of the country.
First requirement — an honest and determined effort to discover and understand oneself; one’s characteristics; abilities and disabilities; inclinations and disinclinations; assets and liabilities; temperament and disposition; an integration to the all-wisdom of knowing oneself. Then as to occupation. Decision not by appearance and incidental, in ignorance of what is involved in training and pursuit. Every profession and trade and calling has its special conditions, requirements, opportunities; they can easily be ascertained. Review these against the knowledge of one’s own characteristics and so the highest common factor can be determined. Too mathematical? Even if the part that conscious choice can play be exaggerated, it is better thus to err. At least it is worth the effort.”
― John Charles Walsham Reith, Into the Wind

“Well, the first rule is that you can’t really know anything if you just remember isolated facts and try to bang ‘em back. If the facts don’t hang together on a latticework of theory, you don’t have them in a usable form. You’ve got to have mental models in your head. And you’ve got to array your experience, both vicarious and direct, on this latticework of models.”
― Charlie Munger

“We are poor judges of when we are learning well and when we’re not. When the going is harder and slower and it doesn’t feel productive, we are drawn to strategies that feel more fruitful, unaware that the gains from these strategies are often
temporary.”
― Peter C. Brown, Make It Stick: The Science of Successful Learning

“Don’t be afraid to pursue your goals—even your dreams! But know that there is no shortcut to excellence and competence. Education is the difference between wishing you could help other people and being able to help them.”
― Russell M. Nelson, Accomplishing the Impossible: What God Does, What We Can Do

“So the best advice I could give a fifteen-year-old stuck in an outdated school somewhere in Mexico, India or Alabama is: don’t rely on the adults too much. Most of them mean well, but they just don’t understand the world.”
― Yuval Noah Harari, 21 Lessons for the 21st Century

“What we mean when speaking of "myth" in general is story, the ability of story to explain ourselves to ourselves in ways that physics, philosophy, mathematics, chemistry—all very highly useful and informative in their own right—can't.”
― Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor

“....Possession of qualifications doesn't mean you are educated.”
― Farooq A. Shiekh

“It's not the institutes that make the students great, it's the students that make an institute great.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Seek new skills.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Od nejranějšího dětství jsou děti uváděny do světa konzumního trhu a je očekáváno, že se svým dětským vozíkem budou mít v supermarketech maximální konzumní radost.”
― Peter Selg, The Essence of Waldorf Education

“Not knowing how to get what you want is better than knowing how to get what you do not want.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Leaders who formulate positive ideas and implement effective change in their community can help others overcome difficult economic and social hardships.”
― Saaif Alam

“Birth of a question is the beginning of education.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Build Bridges not Walls: In the name of Americana

“The future belongs to only those who would attain excellence in the field of their own choice.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Education is yours to obtain. No one else can gain it for you. Wherever you are, develop a deep desire to learn. For us as Latter-day Saints, gaining an education is not just a privilege; it is a religious responsibility. “The glory of God is intelligence.” Indeed, our education is for the eternities.”
― Russell M. Nelson, Accomplishing the Impossible: What God Does, What We Can Do

“Wrong assumptions occur from limited knowledge. A person should have a complete view before shaping an opinion about someone or something.”
― Maria Karvouni

“...collective memory is unevenly distributed: some people have a rich and deep resource, for others it is minimal. A matter of education, and also of inclination. But however minimal, however threadbare, it is ballast of a kind. We all need that seven-eighths of the iceberg, the ballast of the past, a general past, the place from which we came.

That is why history should be taught in school, to all children, as much of it as possible. If you have no sense of the past, no access to the historical narrative, you are afloat, untethered; you cannot see yourself as a part of the narrative, you cannot place yourself within a context. You will not have an understanding of time, and a respect for memory and its subtle victory over the remorselessness of time.”
― Penelope Lively, Ammonites and Leaping Fish: A Life in Time

“And as in any feudal system, the people on whom the entire system depended were robbed, as completely as possible, of their power. The students were, for the most part, unable to hold inept teachers accountable, to protest the wasting of their own time, to influence the grounds on which they would be evaluated, to demand anything, really, of substance from the institution.”
― Eula Biss, Notes from No Man's Land: American Essays

“படிச்ச மகன் பெருமையை படிக்காதவன் கொண்டாடற மாதிரி படிச்சவன் கொண்டாடறதில்ல.”
― Vairamuthu, Moondram Ulaga Por

“Action speaks more than words when assisting others with their needs and wants.”
― Saaif Alam

“A true leader will make sacrifices and enhance conditions for the well being of their followers.”
― Saaif Alam

“If education can't establish discipline and manners in a person, is worthless.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Not all statements that are truthful are useful.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Our discussion has been about education and not about schools, for schooling is only a means, and not always an absolute necessary one, toward education. Parents had the duty of educating their children long before there were any schools, and the duty would remain were all schools abolished. Even today, if the parents have the ability and the leisure to give adequate instruction to their children at home, they have no moral obligation to send them to school at all. (p. 436)”
― Austin Fagothey, Right And Reason: Ethics Based on the Teachings of Aristotle & St. Thomas Aquinas

“Education established the backbone for America’s great experiment in civilization; it enabled American industry, commerce, and military to thrive and supplied the intellectual reagent to spur the growth of the American social consciousness that paved the road to eliminate the vestiges of discrimination that tainted this hallowed ground. Education bridges communities together and provides reinforcement to generations of families. Formal edification is worthless unless we also develop our spiritual pillars in a manner that enables a great civilization to deploy its enhancement in technology to improve the health and general welfare of all people.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Young men and women in large numbers choose to go to college. On Dewey's theory, only too well accepted by the students, the reason cannot be any intrinsic value in knowledge. To give such a reason would be to flee from reality and take refuge in the discredited Aristotelian ivory tower. For the young man, college is a means of getting a better job; for the young women, it is a means of getting a better man. But neither the family that marriage brings nor the food that the job supplies is to be chosen for any intrinsic quality.”
― Gordon H. Clark

“The state has not the right to monopolize education. Education is a legitimate form of private enterprise, subject indeed to a certain amount of government regulation, but there is notrhing in its nature that makes it a public or private monopoly. The reason is that the primary right to educate their children belongs to the parents. In understanding the work of education, the state is simply supplying the parents with facilities to fulfill their duty. If the parents have other facilities at their command, they have no obligation to use those the state provides. (p. 437)”
― Austin Fagothey, Right And Reason: Ethics Based on the Teachings of Aristotle & St. Thomas Aquinas

“Svět, status quo a jeho "trend" by neměly být zapisovány do dětí. Bylo by osudově neblahé, kdybychom vychovávali děti tak, aby se maximálně přizpůsobily očekávání současného světa.”
― Peter Selg, The Essence of Waldorf Education

“Educar seres humanos valientes, dueños de su destino, tendría que ser la búsqueda y el propósito primero de nuestra sociedad.”
― Ángeles Mastretta, Nuria Valera

“To me, the relationship between a teacher and a student is based on on the trust that the teacher has practiced and continues ti practice what he teachers”
― Thich Nhat Hanh

“Our children learn reading, writing, math, science, and other subjects in school that can help them earn a living. But ver few school programs teach young people how to live - how to deal with anger, how reconcile conflicts, how to breathe, smile, and transform internal formations. There needs to be a revolution in education,”
― Thich Nhat Hanh

“You don't have to run anywhere to become someone else”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation

“There's no such thing as neutral education. Education either functions as an instrument to bring about conformity or freedom.”
― Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed

“Education is directly proportional to anxiety, as you've probably learned, having gone to Columbia.”
― Ottessa Moshfegh, My Year of Rest and Relaxation

“What music is to the heart, mathematics is to the mind.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“If you want to advocate for change, observe critically an ongoing struggle a group of people encounter for periods of time and formulate a solution that adequately address the problem for social justice.”
― Saaif Alam

“When you do exams, always remember the order in which to do the questions.

1 - easy questions, first
2 - medium questions, next
3 - hard questions, last

If you do it in any other order, you run the risk of running out of time.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“The answer is not to expand Lies My Teacher Told Me to cover every distortion and error in history as traditionally taught, to say nothing of the future lies yet to be developed. That approach would make me the arbitrator - I who surely still unknowingly accept all manner of hoary legends as historical fact. Instead, the answer is for all of us to become, in Postman and Weingartner's vulgar term, 'crap detectors' - independent learners who can sift through arguments and evidence and make reasoned judgements. Then we will have learned how to learn, as Postman and Weingartner put it, and neither a one-sided textbook nor a one-sided critique of textbooks will be able to confuse us.”
― James W. Loewen, Lies My Teacher Told Me: Everything Your American History Textbook Got Wrong

“Education is limited. Knowledge is infinite. Never stop learning.”
― Constance Friday Elias

“More than 99.99% of facts are not and will never be useful to even a single person.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“One problem with our youths, in Africa and Nigeria, particularly, is that the education they received conditioned them for a functional society, which is, most times, non-existent. The resultant effect is that they are functioning below their level of education.”
― Dr. Charles Apoki

“And, substantially they hope to supplant the “disciplining of the higher faculty of the imagination” by what they call “education for democracy.” ...

The very banality of the expression helps to ensure its triumph. Who could be against education? Who could be against democracy? Yet the phrase begs two questions: What do you mean by “education”? And what do you mean by “democracy”? The school of Dewey has long been fond of capturing words and turning them to their own purposes: they tried hard to capture “humanism”, and even laid siege to “religion” Now I am convinced that if, by “education,” the champions of this slogan mean merely recreation, socialization, and a kind of custodial jurisdiction over young people, then they are deliberately perverting a word with a reasonably distinct historical meaning and making it into what Mr. Richard Weaver, in his book, "Ethics of Rhetoric”, calls a "god-term"—that is, a charismatic expression drained dry of any objective significance, but remaining an empty symbol intended to win unthinking applause”
― Russell Kirk, Academic Freedom: An Essay in Definition

“When conducting research, always formulate a strong hypothesis, create an organized methodology and develop a pragmatic solution. If you follow these strategies, your research theory can maximize benefits and minimize costs for targeted audiences in real life settings.”
― Saaif Alam

“To a scholar, mathematics is music.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Even the elites in developing countries know nothing about the development of calculus or electromagnetism and why, without these theoretical tools, the modern products of science would have been impossible. Indeed, appreciation and internalization of science cannot occur without the simultaneous development of a rational, modern and egalitarian system of education.”
― Pervez Hoodbhoy, Islam and Science: Religious Orthodoxy and the Battle for Rationality

“While seeking to understand everything outside of ourselves, we've yet to understand anything which takes place within ourselves.”
― Natasha Helvin

“When you initiate conversation with others, always respect others' thoughts, feelings and beliefs when they rationally negate your opinions.”
― Saaif Alam

“When aiming for a distinguished career, it is suggested to start small and eventually climb up the ladder to earn a reputable occuptation. This strategy can get accomplished with the use of perserverance, high level of cognitive intelligence and strong networking skills”
― Saaif Alam

“High emotional intelligence is one the most essential characteristic of democratic leadership when taking responsibility in an organization, community or any social settings.”
― Saaif Alam

“But my mother wanted her children to be educated by nuns and priests all dressed in black, the way it had been done down through the generations with her people. Taught by people who had a firm grasp of how big and awful the world could be.”
― Edward P. Jones, All Aunt Hagar's Children: Stories

“Integrity is one of the major charecteristics to maintain a relationship, leadership or social status in the community. If people fail to sustain this charercteritics, it can lead to economic, social , educational or environmental consequences which can negatively impact their reputation.”
― Saaif Alam

“All the interaction has been my learning bed for understanding life and people. Truly, workplace is a learning bed of life.”
― Pragya Tiwari, Outlet from Loneliness

“Avid reader, avid learner.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Reading is refreshing.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We need to reframe our way of thinking. We shouldn't be asking will Johnny be ready for Kindergarten? Instead we should be asking ourselves if we are ready for him.”
― Jill Telford

“A person whom ignores learning and gathering of wisdom from the world’s great thinkers runs the risk of never escaping a dark canister housing his or her personal ignorance.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Nelson Mandela was already a name synonymous with freedom and wisdom, justice and principle, by the time I took my first steps. However, it was not until over a decade later, when in my late teens I started to do a little reading and research of my own, that I even heard mention of Cuba's contribution to anti-apartheid. This obvious omission, along with the simplistic narratives that surrounded Mandela and Castro, was a valuable lesson to me about how the powerful craft history and news media to their own ends.”
― Akala, Natives: Race and Class in the Ruins of Empire

“Taking the risk to make the difficult and right choice leads to great rewards including stronger connections, safer schools, and more courageous peer groups.”
― Kathryn Fishman-Weaver

“For example, many students will begin an improvisation, or a scene, in a rather feeble way. It's as if they're ill, and lacking in vitality. They've learned to play for sympathy. However easy the problem,
they'll use the same old trick of looking inadequate. This ploy is supposed to make the onlookers have sympathy with them if they 'fail' and it's expected to bring greater rewards if they 'win'. Actually this down-in-the-mouth attitude almost guarantees
failure, and makes everyone fed up with them. No one has sympathy with an adult who takes such an attitude, but when they were children it probably worked. As adults they're still doing it. Once they've laughed at themselves and understood how unproductive such an attitude is, students
who look 'ill' suddenly look 'healthy'. The attitude of the group may instantly change.”
― Keith Johnstone

“History teaches us how to go forwards in the right way.”
― Maria Karvouni

“He came at length to realize that the desert was a teacher. He did not realize all that he had learned, but he was a different man. And when he decided upon that, he was not thinking of the slow, sure call to the primal instincts of man; he was thinking that the desert, as much as he had experienced and no more, would absolutely overturn the whole scale of a man’s values, break old habits, form new ones, remake him. More of desert experience, Gale believed, would be too much for intellect. The desert did not breed civilized man, and that made Gale ponder over a strange thought: after all, was the civilized man inferior to the savage?”
― Zane Grey, Desert Gold

“With the level of destruction there has been, things could go backwards so quickly if no one works to preserve what humanity has learned. One generation not learning is all it would take for the world to regress to the Stone Age.”, FADE by Kailin Gow”
― Kailin Gow

“Learn from flowers-always angle towards the sun”
― Maureen Joyce Connolly, Little Lovely Things

“Illiteracy is not only if you didn’t go to school. Illiteracy is when the lecturer teach you and you didn’t understand his formula of teaching. That’s also an illiterate”
― Saminu Kanti

“What he learned from his favorite teacher was not obedience to authority but delight in the exercise of his mind.”
― Dumas Malone, Jefferson the Virginian

“Learn from spiders. Sometimes you need to walk sideways”
― Maureen Joyce Connolly, Little Lovely Things

“While at Harvard University Graduate School of Education, Tony found himself to be a complete outlier. He was almost constantly at odds with the mainstream of education. He is the first to admit that a doctorate from Harvard is important largely because everyone thinks it’s important.
Page 3”
― Tony Wagner, Most Likely to Succeed: Preparing Our Kids for the Innovation Era

“If not for him, I would never have become the man I am today. I ask you not to hold it against him. He meant well.”
― Patrick Rothfuss

“To really rise to the top, it's not about getting the degree--it's about doing what is aligned with your top skills and passions.”
― Laura Garnett

“maybe my dream of Oxford, the planning, the career building, the Rhodes, everything that went into getting me there was really about: just getting there. Maybe the City of Dreaming Spires -- the foundational lifeblood of education in the Western world -- wasn't itself the dream, but the entry point to something I could have never imagined, never seen until now. Love. Family. Connection. A life. And the freedom to decide, on my own terms, what I want to do, what I'm going to do with my calling.”
― Julia Whelan, My Oxford Year

“Thoughtful minds make but little use of the phrase: the fortunate and the unfortunate. In this world, evidently the vestibule of another, there are no fortunate.

The real human division is this: the luminous and the shady. To diminish the number of the shady, to augment the number of the luminous — that is the object. That is why we cry: Education! science! To teach reading, means to light the fire; every syllable spelled out sparkles.

However, he who says light does not, necessarily, say joy. People suffer in the light; excess burns. The flame is the enemy of the wing. To burn without ceasing to fly — therein lies the marvel of genius.

When you shall have learned to know, and to love, you will still suffer. The day is born in tears. The luminous weep, if only over those in darkness”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“The more specific knowledge a person posses, the greater ability an individual can comprehend and develop solutions to a particular real life or academic concept.”
― Saaif Alam

“KODO SAWAKI ~ To practice the buddha way is not to let our minds wander but to become one with what we’re doing. This is called zanmai (or samadhi) and shikan (or “just doing”). Eating rice isn’t preparation for shitting; shitting isn’t preparation for making manure. And yet these days people think that high school is preparation for college and college is preparation for a good job.”
― Kosho Uchiyama Roshi, Zen Teaching of Homeless Kodo

“Berlin of 1884 was effected through the sword and the bullet. But the night of the sword and the bullet was followed by the morning of the chalk and the blackboard. The physical violence of the battlefield was followed by the psychological violence of the classroom. But where the former was visibly brutal, the latter was visibly gentle … The bullet was the means of physical subjugation. Language was the means of the spiritual subjugation.”
― Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o

“When finding a solution to a problem, try to think critically about its possibilities by performing trial and error. This method can help you to overcome ambiguity when encountering a difficult problem, pertaining to academics, social conflicts, environmental issues or etc.”
― Saaif Alam

“Curiosity can actually help you to elevate cognitive intelligence and gain useful knowledge about topics that revolve around the world. This can aid you to use proper executive functioning when speaking or writing to a particular audience with the application of critical and solution based thinking .”
― Saaif Alam

“As a boy of 14, at night under the bed sheets,
I secretly travelled all around the world,
with an ear glued to my shortwave receiver.
That way I learned more
than during the day at school.
(From: Kinderpraat)”
― A.J. Beirens

“Oh, God, You have given me a vacant soul, an untaught conscience, a life of clay.
Put Your big hands around mine and guide my hands as a teacher guides the childish fingers that hold their first crayon, so that everytime I make a mark on this life, it will be Your mark.
When my hands mold this clay, may the impressions be, in reality, made by the movement of Your hands and directed by Your perfect thoughts.”
― Gloria Gaither, Make warm noises

“When spending quality time with friends, freely settle down for deep and meaningful conversations about any topics. This can help you maintain a strong bond with your soulmates.”
― Saaif Alam

“I AM
A TEACHER.
We ARE teachers.
We’re not daycare workers.
We’re not taking care of days.
We’re taking care of children.
We will define ourselves.”
― Jill Telford

“An education system is suppose to teach our students on expanding authentic knowledge about the world, understanding the essence of civil values and help them to possess adequate skills to work in the labor force.”
― Saaif Alam

“La educacion es el progresivo descubrimiento de nuestra propia ignorancia.”
― Will Durant

“[There is a] white determination to regard black people as "white" without rewarding them and treating them as white or making them as educated or affluent. They regard black children as different from white, but insist upon black children acting and thinking as if they were white, to do this within a white framework and a white-designed milieu. Thus the black child is presented with a maddening, diabolical and double message: never forget that you are different, but we must all forever pretend that you are the same.”
― Nathan Hare, The Miseducation of the Black Child -- The Hare Plan: Educate Every Black Man, Woman and Child

“The world needs all the trained minds and bright futures it can get, and it needs them everywhere.”
― Salman Khan, The One World Schoolhouse: Education Reimagined

“A woman should be highly qualified and intelligent. Well, Most of the girls own a husband at the earlier age of their life and take care of husbands and house.”
― Anwesha Mohanty (Anny)

“...education will give you a sense of the world's scope, of its wonders, of its many and varied ways of life.”
― Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow

“It’s different when people who’ve been living under somebody’s boot hate the foot the boot’s on. An oppressed people can’t be racist. They can be bigots, but not racist. You have to have power to be a racist...”
― Susan Fanetti, Stand

“books are education and education is power. The more education the people acquire the more equal society will become. Universal learning is the foundation of a fairer future for mankind.”
― Helen Culnane, Worlds Apart

“Always initiate a purposeful communication that can sound informative and appealing toward others around you by thinking very decisively before speaking.”
― Saaif Alam

“En salamanderbok kan man lese tyve ganger uten å beholde en side. For barn er dette enda verre, fordi de ikke interesserer seg for personalkunnskap. Det beveger dem ikke.

Denne opplevelse grunnlegger kulturhat hos barna. Ved en tørr, forstandsmessig skoletype oppdrar man fremtidens nazister. (Loven om pendelbevegelsen!) Ved å neglisjere barnas menneskelighet i følelsen utfordrer man det dyriske i dem isteden.”
― Jens Bjørneboe, Jonas

“Historien skal avspeile den menneskelige tragedie i et for barna mest mulig gripende billedsprog. Historien handler om dem selv! Og man må dvele lengst mulig i mytekretsene om de store og gode karakterer; det må vises at de klarte å forandre litt på verden. Det gir barna mot og livskraft. (...) Moral er det samme som mot. Og dette er mere vedrt enn pointsummene på eksamensbordet.”
― Jens Bjørneboe, Jonas

“Mathematics is not just a subject of education system, it is the soul of education system.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Whoever educates the children controls the future. If we want a democratic future, we must plant the seeds in our little dandelions nationwide and ensure that our education is governed of, by, and for the people.”
― Rivera Sun

“Diversity is not just about the differences you like.”
― Eboo Patel

“I've come to believe in my bones that children - especially children in poverty - are desperate for an education to help them discover a sense of meaning and purpose. Yet, we have decided to narrow our focus to academic achievement, which creates an unhealthy fixation on grades as a sole indicator of self-worth.”
― Shanna Peeples, Think Like Socrates: Using Questions to Invite Wonder and Empathy Into the Classroom, Grades 4-12

“Never bend down possessing the feeling of despair. Stand up and seek new opportunities in order to pursue long term success.”
― Saaif Alam

“KODO SAWAKI: Studying originally meant aspiring to discover the meaning of life. These days studying has become all about getting a job.”
― Kosho Uchiyama Roshi, Zen Teaching of Homeless Kodo

“Illiterate is not only if you didn’t go to school. Illiterate is when the lecturer teach you and you didn’t understand his formula of teaching. That’s also an illiterate”
― Saminu Kanti

“I think I may say, that of all the men we meet with, nine parts of ten are what they are, good or evil, useful or not, by their education”
― John Locke, Some Thoughts Concerning Education

“I am a worried person with a stressed-out soul, living a simple life with no capital. I am gathering knowledge in every corner I can with the abilities I have. I'm reading philosophy, politics, history and fiction. Greek tragedies and the arctic waste. I'm studying psychology, economics, plant-based nutrition and I'm writing essays and manifestos, chasing bigger names with bigger frames, to ask a question or two, and I am learning to lead.
I am reading to take the lead.
Lead who? Myself. My own life. My own future. I'm not chasing you, or them, or anyone else; I am chasing me.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Everything Changed When I Forgave Myself: growing up is a wonderful thing to do

“We are a city that has had Islam for one thousand years. We had the greatest teachers and universities. And now these Bedouins, these illiterates, these ignoramuses, tell us how to wear our pants, and how to say our prayers, and how our wives should dress, as if they were the ones who invented the way?”
― Joshua Hammer, The Bad-Ass Librarians of Timbuktu and Their Race to Save the World’s Most Precious Manuscripts

“The two "I's" of intelligence are Insight and Imagination. Education offers no guarantee of either.”
― Rian Nejar

“Education, in order to keep up the mighty delusion, encourages a species of ignorance. People are not taught to be really virtuous, but to behave properly. We are wicked because we are frightfully self-conscious. We nurse a conscience because we are afraid to tell the truth to others; we take refuge in pride because we are afraid to tell the truth to ourselves. How can one be serious with the world when the world itself is so ridiculous! The spirit of barter is everywhere. Honour and Chastity! Behold the complacent salesman retailing the Good and True. One can even buy a so-called Religion, which is really but common morality sanctified with flowers and music. Rob the Church of her accessories and what remains behind? Yet the trusts thrive marvelously, for the prices are absurdly cheap, --a prayer for a ticket to heaven, a diploma for an honourable citizenship. Hide yourself under a bushel quickly, for if your real usefulness were known to the world you would soon be knocked down to the highest bidder by the public auctioneer. Why do men and women like to advertise themselves so much? Is it not but an instinct derived from the days of slavery?”
― Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea

“La educación les permite a los humanos alcanzar su potencial mental y físico tanto en la vida personal como en la vida social.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“But then Mr. Carlo told me to stop asking "why?" all the time and just follow the formulas. So, I did. Now, I get perfect scores on all my tests. I just wish I knew what the formulas did.”
― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower

“A person, only educated by others, is an uneducated person; without self-education you cannot get an education in the strict sense of the term.”
― Elmar Hussein

“The more the people understand, the more watchful they become, and the more they come to realize that finally everything depends on them and their salvation lies in their own cohesion, in the true understanding of their interests, and in knowing who their enemies are. The people come to understand that wealth is not the fruit of labor but the result of organized, protected robbery.”
― Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth

“Nobody should pay for attaining an education because it can help us boost our cognitive and emotional intelligence which is extremely essential for our survival.”
― Saaif Alam

“Education's role is not to lead society, but to procreate its norms. If society turns against education, then, dutifully, educational institutions will destroy themselves.”
― Lloyd Wedes

“You can't be a bitch.
You write.
And the world decides.
whatever happens after that is history.”
― Jonathan Heatt

“We are more in control of how much we know than we are of how much we have.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Every math problem is hard if you don't know how to solve it.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Fear of the Lord, Santa Claus, Krishna, Thor, Hulk or any other imaginary being brings merely the illusion of wisdom, not wisdom. And illusion of wisdom is a billion times more harmful than lack of wisdom.”
― Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission

“Active listening, careful decision making and intellectual communication can help you to establish a successful conflict resolution in a relationship, leadership role or any kind of group settings.”
― Saaif Alam

“The mind of an adult begins in the imagination of a child.”
― Kwame Alexander

“An author would not compose a book that does not contain a purpose in the context of entire text. Therefore, readers should take advantage to read a fiction or nonfiction book that can educate them about a specific topic that is relevant to real life situations.”
― Saaif Alam

“speakers becoming the rare find.

... and for very little investment you can become a "certified speaker and expert" from your choice of many so-called and even established business gurus.

Look to those with authority, #integrity, experience, #excellence, and #credibility to help inspire with applicable information and not just empty sugar high motivation (that wears off quickly)

Watch out, look up and dig in as you choose the best people to follow, listen to and learn from.”
― Loren Weisman

“Fake friends will occupy around you as flies. However, real friends will stick to you as blood connected family members.”
― Saaif Alam

“Lack of a formal education is a death sentence to some and an opportunity to explore for others”
― Nicky Verd

“El olvido, dice el poder, es el precio de la paz, mientras nos imponen una paz fundada en la aceptación de la injusticia como normalidad cotidiana. Nos han acostumbrado al desprecio de la vida y a la prohibición de recordar. Los medios de comunicación y los centros de educación no suelen contribuir mucho, que digamos, a la integración de la realidad y su memoria. Cada hecho está divorciado de los demás hechos, divorciado de su propio pasado y divorciado del pasado de los demás. La cultura de consumo, cultura del desvínculo, nos adiestra para creer que las cosas ocurren porque sí. Incapaz de reconocer sus orígenes, el tiempo presente proyecta el futuro como su propia repetición, mañana es otro nombre de hoy: la organización desigual del mundo, que humilla a la condición humana, pertenece al orden eterno, y la injusticia es una fatalidad que estamos obligados a aceptar o aceptar.”
― Eduardo Galeano, Patas arriba. La escuela del mundo al reves

“Pakistan’s poor performance in education is not a function of poverty but of according lower priority by successive governments. There are forty-three countries in the world that are poorer than Pakistan on a per capita GDP basis45 but twenty-four of them send more children to primary school than Pakistan does. Pakistan’s budgetary allocation for education—a meagre 2.6 per cent of GDP in 2015—is abysmally low and actual expenditure—1.5 per cent of GDP—is even less. Pakistan spends around seven times more on its military than on primary education. According to one estimate, just one-fifth of Pakistan’s military budget would be sufficient to finance universal primary education.”
― Husain Haqqani, Reimagining Pakistan: Transforming a Dysfunctional Nuclear State

“We abuse land because we regard it as a commodity belonging to us. When we see land as a community to which we belong, we may begin to use it with love and respect”
― Aldo Leopold, A Sand County Almanac and Sketches Here and There

“The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character – that is the goal of true education.”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“We can make robots that learn from mistakes, yet man still makes the same ones over, and over.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Brilliant students make good aides.”
― Cynthia Ozick, The Puttermesser Papers

“Design came into being in 1919, when Walter Gropius founded the Bauhaus at Weimar. Part of the prospectus of this school reads:
'The function of art has in the past been given a formal importance which has severed it from our daily life; but art is always present when a people lives sincerely and health.
'Thus our job is to invest a new system of education that may lead to a complete knowledge of human needs and a universal awareness of them.'
[...]
What Gropius wrote is still valid. Tis first school of design did tend to make a new kind of artist, an artist useful to society because he helps society to recover its balance, and not to lurch between a false world to live one's material life in and and ideal world to take moral revenge in.”
― Bruno Munari, Design as Art

“Every subject is much easier than the people who wish to make money teaching it would have you know. So, for every single subject that can be systematized, there is a systematization that allows you to get 80% percent of the power with probably 5 or 10% of the effort. So the key question is that you have to prove that you have the superpower to rearrange the subject, to disintermediate the people who get paid for teaching it – which will always push you towards mastery, which is a question of getting the last 2 or 3% out of the system. And so the good news is that you can rearrange any subject to learn most of it very, very quickly. The bad news is that it will feel terrible because you will be told that you are doing the wrong thing and dooming yourself to a life of mediocrity as a jack of many trades, master of none – but in fact, the problem is that the jack of one trade is the connector of none. Good luck!”
― Eric R. Weinstein

“Wisdom comes from understanding knowledge.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Education means breaking free.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“All children in every school deserve an education that inspires curiosity, encourages creativity, requires critical thinking, urges collaboration, and nurtures compassion.”
― Kylene Beers, Disrupting Thinking: Why How We Read Matters

“Education is the back-bone of everything in life. If the backbone/roots are strong nothing will be able to destroy it and if the roots are damaged nothing will stand over it.”
― Gaurav Punjabi

“How are you meant to know when you're a kid for the rest of your life? You choose your subjects for your exams when you're SO young without realising that this exam results could shape the rest of your whole future. It's bonkers.”
― Laura Dockrill, Big Bones

“Rewiring education ultimately means changing the way we teach the things we want today's students to learn. It should no longer be about distributing content and memorizing meaningless facts, but about teaching kids to combine new understandings of these facts with critical and creative thinking skills that ultimately lead them to discover, understand, and create new things.”
― John D. Couch, Rewiring Education: How Technology Can Unlock Every Student’s Potential

“Only when the education would be embedded with moral values, the character and conscience of an individual would arise.”
― H.B.R. Patel, VIKAS 2.7: Rebooting Development

“In his person Gascoigne showed a curious amalgam of classes, high and low. He had cultivated his mind with the same grave discipline with which he now maintained his toilette—which is to say, according to a method that was sophisticated, but somewhat out of date.

He held the kind of passion for books and learning that only comes when one has pursued an education on one’s very own—but it was a passion that, because its origins were both private and virtuous, tended towards piety and scorn. His temperament was deeply nostalgic, not for his own past, but for past ages; he was cynical of the present, fearful of the future, and profoundly regretful of the world’s decay.

As a whole, he put one in mind of a well-preserved old gentleman (in fact he was only thirty-four) in a period of comfortable, but perceptible, decline—a decline of which he was well aware, and which either amused him or turned him melancholy, depending on his moods.”
― Eleanor Catton, The Luminaries

“I don't mean to scare myself but leaving school is like leaving the womb for the second time.”
― Laura Dockrill, Big Bones

“Real education opens up the mind to the vast world of possibilities and potential.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Jobs are so tight anyway these days, that you're not even just going against people your own age any more. Like, you could be going for a job at a clothes shop that like a forty-five-year-old mum is going for too.”
― Laura Dockrill, Big Bones

“You don't really actually have a choice, it's like you can't get work, so you go into education to then be whacked with a load of debt you can't pay and nobody will even give you a job while you're at college or uni because, errrr... MAYBE you're AT COLLEGE and when you're not there, you're studying or, let's face it, you're getting drunk. It's a trap. Then ONCE you get your qualifications all the jobs are taken or have been cut and then you're just there, trying to get the same job you applied for all those years back, when you were sixteen, just this time you're way too overqualified and broke. Unless you're parents are loaded or you come up with some amazing idea and become a millionaire, or win the lottery... you're screwed. A millionaire isn't even a millionaire any more. You know how long a million pounds lasts in London these days? Zilcho nilcho.”
― Laura Dockrill, Big Bones

“And when I think of my few acquisitions, I have to admit how fiercely the autodidact struggles for her education, and how incomplete that education remains. How illusory is any accumulation of knowledge!”
― Sheridan Hay, The Secret of Lost Things

“Not I, not any one else can travel that road for you,
You must travel it for yourself.”
― Walt Whitman, Song of Myself

“When you're caked in history, you're also caked in a lot of dirt.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“A veces estamos demasiado dispuestos a creer que el presente es el único estado posible de las cosas.”
― Marcel Proust

“When you find an answer, let me know because I'm dying to know what the question was.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“We forgot that there are some things that we cannot get hold of with our minds. The mind is good -- God put it there. He gave us our heads, and it was not His intention that our heads would function just as a place to hang a hat. He gave us our heads, and He put brains in our heads, and that faculty we call the intellect has its own work to do. But that work is not the apprehending of divine things -- that is of the Holy Spirit. Let me remind you now that modern orthodoxy has make a great blunder in the erroneous assumption that spiritual truth can be intellectually perceived. There have been far-reaching conditions resulting from this concept -- and they are showing in our preaching, our praying, our singing, our activity and our thinking.”
― A.W. Tozer, The Counselor: Straight Talk about the Holy Spirit from a 20th Century Prophet

“La educación les permite a los humanos alcanzar su potencial mental y físico tanto en la vida persona como en la vida social.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“… “Education is a process, not a place.” Education can and must go on everywhere all the time-in schools, offices, at home, online, in the classroom, over your iPod…”
― Thomas L. Friedman, The World Is Flat: A Brief History of the Twenty-first Century

“You succeed or you learn. Both can be positive.”
― Freequill

“Moral education, ought never, in any circumstances, to be rational.”
― Aldous Huxley, Brave New World

“For example, there was a book that started out with four pictures: first there was a wind-up toy; then there was an automobile; then there was a boy riding a bicycle; then there was something else. And underneath each picture, it said "What makes it go?"
I thought, I know what it is: They're going to talk about mechanics, how the springs work inside the toy; about chemistry, how the engine of an automobile works; and biology, about how the muscles work.

It was the kind of thing my father would have talked about: "What makes it go? Everything goes because the sun is shining." And then we would have fun discussing it:
"No, the toy goes becaues the spring is wound up, I would say.
"How did the spring get would up" he would ask.
"I wound it up"
"And how did you get moving?"
"From eating"
"And food grows only because the sun is shining. So it's because the sun is shining that all these things are moving" That would get the concept across that motion is simply the transformation of the sun's power.

I turned the page. The answer was, for the wind-up toy, "Energy makes it go." And for the boy on the bicycle, "Energy makes it go." For everything "Energy makes it go."

Now that doesn't mean anything. Suppose it's "Wakalixes." That's the general principle: "Wakalixes makes it go." There is no knowledge coming in. The child doesn't learn anything; it's just a word

What the should have done is to look at the wind-up toy, see that there are springs inside, learn about springs, learn about wheels, and never mind "energy". Later on, when the children know something about how the toy actually works, they can discuss the more general principles of energy.

It is also not even true that "energy makes it go", because if it stops, you could say, "energy makes it stop" just as well. What they're talking about is concentrated energy being transformed into more dilute forms, which is a very subtle aspect of energy. Energy is neither increased nor decreased in these examples; it's just changed from one form to another. And when the things stop, the energy is changed into heat, into general chaos.”
― Feynman Richard

“Education teaches us many things: but nothing worth knowing can be taught. It has to be caught – through fellowship with the true, the pure and the wise!”
― Dada J.P. Vaswani

“I couldn’t articulate how the name made me feel. Shawn had meant it to humiliate me, to lock me in time, into an old idea of myself. But far from fixing me in place, that word transported me. Every time he said it—“Hey Nigger, raise the boom” or “Fetch me a level, Nigger”—I returned to the university, to that auditorium, where I had watched human history unfold and wondered at my place in it. The stories of Emmett Till, Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King were called to my mind every time Shawn shouted, “Nigger, move to the next row.” I saw their faces superimposed on every purlin Shawn welded into place that summer, so that by the end of it, I had finally begun to grasp something that should have been immediately apparent: that someone had opposed the great march toward equality; someone had been the person from whom freedom had to be wrested.
I did not think of my brother as that person; I doubt I will ever think of him that way. But something had shifted nonetheless. I had started on a path of awareness, had perceived something elemental about my brother, my father, myself. I had discerned the ways in which we had been sculpted by a tradition given to us by others, a tradition of which we were either willfully or accidentally ignorant. I had begun to understand that we had lent our voices to a discourse whose sole purpose was to dehumanize and brutalize others—because nurturing that discourse was easier, because retaining power always feels like the way forward.”
― Tara Westover, Educated

“The thought that babies would become children, and children would become people, never occurred to them. The concept that perhaps biology was not destiny, and that not all little girls would be pretty princesses, and not all little boys would be brave soldiers, also never occurred to them. Things might have been easier if those ideas had never slithered into their heads, unwanted but undeniably important. Alas, their minds were made up, and left no room for such revolutionary opinions.”
― Seanan McGuire, Down Among the Sticks and Bones

“There is a frequent tendency in the presentation of mechaincs to use problems mainly as a vehicle to illustrate theory rather than to develop theory for the purpose of solving problems. When the first view is allowed to predominate, problems tend to become overly idealized and unrelated to engineering with the result that the exercise becomes dull, academic, and uninteresting. This approach deprives the students of valuable experience in formulating problems and thus of discovering the need for and meaning of theory. The second view provides by far the stronger motive for learning theory and leads to a better balance between theory and application. The crucial role played by interest and purpose in providing the strongest possible motive for learning cannot be overemphasized." Glenn Kraige, from Merriam & Kraige's Dynamics text, 7th Edition.”
― Glenn Kraige

“The purpose of the research was to better understand all the stages Japanese international students encounter when studying abroad and to better ascertain their buyer behaviour when selecting foreign education”
― Peter Hanami, Gaman A Japanese Students Four Year Study Journey Australia

“What makes this study different is that it studies Japanese cross-cultural adaptation by focusing on student success rather than student difficulties.”
― Peter Hanami, Japanese Student Success High School To MBA Australia

“Education is a huge priority, and that’s just the best.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Your children will remember how you made them feel whether those feelings are good or bad. And they will remember the words you used.”
― Anthony Eldridge-Rogers, JUMP, FALL, FLY From Schooling to Homeschooling to Unschooling

“Speaking is like conducting an orchestra; but instead of music, you are directing emotions. What about ideas I hear you ask? Or intellectual frameworks or structures? They all are directed and communicated by speaking but they all are emotional. Ideas have to be emotional or link to or evoke emotions if they are to be remotely interesting to anyone. And an idea that is appealing is in some way emotionally satisfying.”
― Anthony Eldridge-Rogers, JUMP, FALL, FLY From Schooling to Homeschooling to Unschooling

“...Who knows what is and is not proof to the crotchety ladies and chainstore owners who sit and die on Boards of Education?”
― Philip Roth, Goodbye, Columbus and Five Short Stories

“It doesn't matter what we cover, it matters what you discover”
― Noam Chomsky

“Japanese students come from an advanced, sophisticated society, have a unique cultural identity and require a range of products and services to meet their education needs.”
― Peter Hanami, Buyer Behaviour of Japanese Students in Australia

“Education is highly respected in Japan and so there is a cultural desire to be highly educated which drives Japanese to undertake study, particularly English”
― Peter Hanami, Buyer Behaviour of Japanese Students in New Zealand

“Studying overseas as an international student in a foreign country is a very challenging undertaking. How Japanese students adapt to a new country plays an important role in their study and their ultimate success.”
― Peter Hanami, Japanese Student Success High School To MBA Australia

“Japanese students, like local students, want a course that will provide them with real skills that are accepted in the workplace and that can allow them to make money and build a career. No surprises here.”
― Peter Hanami, Japanese Student Success High School To MBA Australia

“When people buy education for the money, it is difficult for them to earn money from their education.”
― Dr Sivakumar Gowder

“We are all born geniuses. Genius in Latin literally means to give birth to.”
― Jill Telford

“Baby Boomers represent the largest and wealthiest market consumer segment in the Japanese economy”
― Peter Hanami, Baby Boomers and the New Japanese Student

“The generational change that is now occurring now in Japan will transform the employment market, education requirements, job skills and lifestyles of the next generation”
― Peter Hanami, Baby Boomers and the New Japanese Student

“Japan is a country that influences, inspires and motivates a range of other Asian cultures and countries”
― Peter Hanami, Baby Boomers and the New Japanese Student

“Gaman is a documentary that revealed the four year study experience of a Japanese student who left Japan to study in Australia and then returned home with a foreign qualification”
― Peter Hanami, Gaman A Japanese Students Four Year Study Journey Australia

“A problem cannot be solved without understanding it.”
― Kristy McMorlan, Treasures in the Trash

“Yuriko a Japanese student who left Japan in search of a dream, new skills, improved English and a new qualification to start a new career. The documentary was recorded over four years in Australia and Japan, it provides a holistic cultural profile of the journey of a Japanese international student”
― Peter Hanami, Gaman A Japanese Students Four Year Study Journey Australia

“Education marketers have to begin to communicate with many new cultures and to quickly understand what they like, dislike and how to entice them to enrol and study with their institution, against a backdrop of formidable new competition”
― Peter Hanami, Age and Gender Analysis of Japanese Students Australia

“The study looks at the Japanese student market and aims to better understand it by concentrating on age and gender insights of the market to ascertain trends, awareness and key features that will allow marketers to appreciate and reach out to these customers”
― Peter Hanami, Age and Gender Analysis of Japanese Students Australia

“The analysis provides a clear difference between the age and gender of Japanese students in Australia. The difficult management question is “what do these numbers mean”?”
― Peter Hanami, Age and Gender Analysis of Japanese Students Australia

“I realize that in giving birth, managing a household, raising a child, and composting potato peels in a city, I have learned some things about wildness that even Thoreau could not have known.”
― Lyanda Lynn Haupt, Crow Planet: Essential Wisdom from the Urban Wilderness

“the Omegas harnessed Prometheus to revolutionize education. Given any person’s knowledge and abilities, Prometheus could determine the fastest way for them to learn any new subject in a manner that kept them highly engaged and motivated to continue, and produce the corresponding optimized videos, reading materials, exercises and other learning tools. Omega-controlled companies therefore marketed online courses about virtually everything, highly customized not only by language and cultural background but also by starting level.
Whether you were an illiterate forty-year-old wanting to learn to read or a biology PhD seeking the latest about cancer immunotherapy, Prometheus had the perfect course for you. These offerings bore little resemblance to most present-day online courses: by leveraging Prometheus’ movie-making talents, the video segments would truly engage, providing powerful metaphors that you would relate to, leaving you craving to learn more.
Some courses were sold for profit, but many were made available for free, much to the delight of teachers around the world who could use them in their classrooms—and to most anybody eager to learn anything.”
― Max Tegmark, Life 3.0: Being Human in the Age of Artificial Intelligence

“When an individual spreads rumors about others, it erroneously damage their reputation. Therefore, this individual would eventually face the consequences from the victim because this kind of behavior is considered as a civil offense which consist of slander statements.”
― Saaif Alam

“Right now, in every big city ghetto, tens of thousands of yesterday’s and today’s school drop-outs are keeping body and soul together by some form of hustling in the same way I did. And they inevitably move into more and more, worse and worse, illegality and immorality.”
― Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X

“Yet my father remained hopeful and believed there would be a day when there was an end to the destruction. What really depressed him was the looting of the destroyed schools - the furniture, the books, the computers, were all stolen by local people. He cried when he heard this.”
― Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban

“Imagine what ideas are locked up in the hearts and minds of women who simply lack the tools to express them.”
― Danielle Teller, All the Ever Afters: The Untold Story of Cinderella's Stepmother

“I feel a swell of pride. This. This right here is why I wanted to become a teacher. To know that it is possible to change the world for the better, in however small a way.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“You are yet to catch up with the real world if you've never studied any concepts outside the school syllabus or read any books beside the texts books school forced you to read. Most people are just programmed not educated”
― Nicky Verd

“He said that the education of the young was more important than anything that could be done for those who are already grown up.”
― George Orwell, Animal Farm

“Faced with the unfamiliar, we the public have been trained to rely on museums, like schools, to serve up art and culture like pieces of pie: little wedges of esthetics, criticism, politics and history.”
― Lynne Tillman, The Complete Madame Realism and Other Stories

“Is it not curious, that so vast a being as the whale should see the world through so small an eye, and hear the thunder through an ear which is smaller than a hare's? But if his eyes were broad as the lens of Herschel's great telescope; and his ears capacious as the porches of cathedrals; would that make him any longer of sight, or sharper of hearing? Not at all.—Why then do you try to “enlarge” your mind? Subtilize it.”
― Herman Melville, Moby Dick

“The trouble with a lecture is that it answers questions that haven't been asked.”
― Alan Alda, If I Understood You, Would I Have This Look on My Face?: My Adventures in the Art and Science of Relating and Communicating

“Leaders are readers and learners are earners.”
― Janna Cachola

“You are a point of consciousness within multiple fields of consciousness that interpenetrate each other: A multi-dimentional being within a multi-dimentional Universe.When you realise the unity of all these fields of consciousness you share life with, you partake in conscious communion''.”
― Alexis Karpouzos, Οι Γλώσσες του Κόσμου - Οι Κόσμοι της Γλώσσας

“Once everyone can enrich their souls for free, government subsidies for enrichment forfeit their rationale. To object, 'But most people don't use the Internet for spiritual enrichment' is actually a damaging admission that eager students are few and far between. Subsidized education's real aim isn't to make ideas and culture accessible to anyone who's interested, but to make them mandatory for everyone who *isn't* interested . . .

The rise of the Internet has two unsettling lessons . . . First: the humanist case for education subsidies is flimsy today because the Internet makes enlightenment practically free. Second: the humanist case for education subsidies was flimsy all along because the Internet proves low consumption of ideas and culture stems from apathy, not poverty or inconvenience. Behold: when the price of enlightenment drops to zero, remains embarrassingly scarce.”
― Bryan Caplan, The Case Against Education: Why the Education System Is a Waste of Time and Money

“Speak little.
Listen more.
Learn a lot.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“In the hectic pace of the world today, there is no time for meditation, or for deep thought. A prisoner has time that he can put to good use. I’d put prison second to college as the best place for a man to go if he needs to do some thinking. If he’s motivated, in prison he can change his life.”
― Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X

“Housewives more than any other race deserve well-furnished minds. They have to live in them such a lot of the time.”
― Phyllis McGinley, Sixpence in Her Shoe

“A single heartbreak teaches you more than what a lifetime of schooling can”
― Vineet Raj Kapoor

“The combined effects of growing inequality, a faltering education system, demographic headwinds, and the strong likelihood of a fiscal correction imply that the real median disposable income will grow much more slowly in the future than in the past.”
― Robert J. Gordon, The Rise and Fall of American Growth: The U.S. Standard of Living Since the Civil War

“Every child's first lesson in reflection, refraction, surface tension, colloidal solutions, fluid dynamics, and what not, begins with a pool of water on the road.
//All in a child's play”
― Vineet Raj Kapoor

“All answers to why are information. All answers to how are knowledge.”
― Raheel Farooq, Kalam

“We cannot hope to utter anything worth saying, unless we read and inwardly digest the utterances of our betters.”
― Aldous Huxley, The Perennial Philosophy

“For reasons we've explored, children struggling to read aren't going to be helped by the one-size-fits-all approach that is typical in so many schools. Rather, we need teachers who are trained to use a toolbox of principals that they can apply to different types of children.”
― Maryanne Wolf

“An intellectual human being would back up arguments with reliable evidence in order to adequately defend his or her position in debates, court cases or academia settings.”
― Saaif alam

“He smiles a little. This is the point of being a teacher. A glimmer of hope where you thought it didn't exist.”
― Matt Haig, How To Stop Time

“Why do we teach children how to make money?
Maybe, we should teach them how to make friends instead.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“Education does not mean how much We study
But actual purpose of education is how much our mind work”
― Saif Rehman

“It was music first of all that brought us together. Without being professionals or virtuosos, we were all passionate lovers of music; but
Serge dreamed of devoting himself entirely to the art. All the time he was studying law along with us, he took singing lessons with Cotogni,
the famous baritone of the Italian Opera; while for musical theory, which he wanted to master completely so as to rival Moussorgsky and
Tchaikovsky, he went to the very source and studied with Rimsky-Korsakov. However, our musical tastes were not always the same. The
quality our group valued most was what the Germans call Stimmung, and besides this, the power of suggestion and dramatic force. The
Bach of the Passions, Gluck, Schubert, Wagner and the Russian composers – Borodin in ‘Prince Igor’, Rimsky and, above all, Tchaikovsky,
were our gods. Tchaikovsky’s ‘Queen of Spades’ had just been performed for the first time at the Opera of St Petersburg, and we were
ecstatic about its Hoffmannesque element, notably the scene in the old Countess’s bedroom. We liked the composer’s famous Romances much less, finding them insipid and sometimes trivial. These Romances, however, were just what Diaghilev liked. What he valued
most was broad melody, and in particular whatever gave a singer the chance to display the sensuous qualities of his voice. During the years of his apprenticeship he bore our criticisms and jokes with resignation, but as he learned more about music – and about the history of art in general – he gained in self-confidence and found reasons to justify his predilections. There came a time when not only did he dare to withstand our attacks but went on to refute our arguments fiercely.”
― Richard Buckle, Nijinsky: A Life of Genius and Madness

“It's not about what you know, it's about what you do not know. Knowledge may be power, but the act of learning is even more powerful”
― Janna Cachola

“Some fools are educated, rich, and/or famous.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Acquiring certificates without putting the mind at work is completely a waste of education.”
― Endale Edith

“The lesson is simple, but it's the results that we aren't going to like.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Don't let the past define your present & most of all determine your Future.”
― Joseph Goodluck Kimaro

“An ever growing part of our major institutions’ functions is the cultivation and maintenance of three sets of illusions which turn the citizen into a client to be saved by experts...The first enslaving illusion is the idea that people are born to be consumers and that they can attain any of their goals by purchasing goods and services. This illusion is due to an educated blindness to the worth of use-values in the total economy. In none of the economic models serving as national guidelines is there a variable to account for non-marketable use-values any more than there is a variable for nature's perennial contribution.”
― Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies

“I had decided to study not history, but historians. I suppose my interest came from the sense of groundlessness I'd felt since learning about the Holocaust and the civil rights movement--since realizing that what a person knows about the past is limited, and will always be limited, to what they are told by others. I knew what it was to have a misconception corrected--a misconception of such magnitude that shifting it shifted the world. Now I needed to understand how the great gatekeepers of history had come to terms with their own ignorance and partiality. I thought if I could accept that what they had written was not absolute but was the result of a biased process of conversation and revision, maybe I could reconcile myself with the fact that the history most people agreed upon was not the history I had been taught.”
― Tara Westover, Educated

“Those who know the least want to be heard the most.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Our understanding of who we are, where we came from, how the world works, and what matters in life depends on partaking of the vast and ever-expanding store of knowledge. Though unlettered hunters, herders, and peasants are fully human, anthropologists often comment on their orientation to the present, the local, the physical. To be aware of one's country and its history, of the diversity of customs and beliefs across the globe and through the ages, of the blunders and triumphs of past civilizations, of the microcosms of cells and atoms and the macrocosms of planets and galaxies, of the ethereal reality of number and logic and pattern—such awareness truly lifts us to a higher plane of consciousness. It is a gift of belonging to a brainy species with a long history.”
― Steven Pinker, Enlightenment Now: The Case for Reason, Science, Humanism, and Progress

“A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action!”
― Tony Robbins, Awaken the Giant Within

“In old days men had the rack. Now they have the Press. That is an improvement certainly. But still it is very bad, and wrong, and demoralizing. Somebody — was it Burke? — called journalism the fourth estate. That was true at the time no doubt. But at the present moment it is the only estate. It has eaten up the other three. The Lords Temporal say nothing, the Lords Spiritual have nothing to say, and the House of Commons has nothing to say and says it. We are dominated by Journalism.”
― Oscar Wilde

“As the decade wore on, Colin came to perceive the 'American dilemma' less in purely racial and legal terms, more in class and economic terms. Wherever he looked he saw legal remedies undercut by social and economic realities. . . . Only by providing jobs and other economic opportunities for the deprived - black and white alike - could the city reduce the deep sense of grievance harbored by both communities, alleviate some of the antisocial behavior grounded in such resentments, and begin to close the terrible gap between the rich and the poor, the suburb and the city, the hopeful and the hopeless.”
― Anthony Lukas, Common Ground: A Turbulent Decade in the Lives of Three American Families

“A day in which you learn something isn’t a complete loss.”
― David Eddings

“Take this guinea then and use it, not to burn the house down, but to make its windows blaze. And let the daughters of uneducated women dance round the new house, the poor house, the house that stands in a narrow street where omnibuses pass and the street hawkers cry their wares, and let them sing, ‘We have done with war! We have done with tyranny!’ And their mothers will laugh from their graves, ‘It was for this that we suffered obloquy and contempt! Light up the windows of the new house, daughters! Let them blaze!”
― Virginia Woolf, Three Guineas

“If you don't become the pioneer of your education, you'll be the slave of someone else's dream.”
― Andy Nielsen

“Many youth who come out in adolescence report not having a strong sense of gender during preschool, kindergarten, or elementary school. Young children are physically fairly gender neutral. If a six-year-old wears girls' cloths and grows long hair, she will be seen as a girl. If the same child cuts their hair and wears boys' people will assume he is a boy. Its only with secondary sex characteristics such as breast, facial hair, and a deeper voice that clothed bodies become more clearly male or female. As a result, gender may not have seemed particularly important for some trans children. It is the onset of puberty and the increased ways they are sexed/gendered in the world that typically precipitate the emergence of adolescent onset gender dysphoria. [page 90]”
― Elijah C. Nealy

“I'm learning [that] love and school are the only things you get for free when you're young, and I took it for granted.”
― Monique Morris, Pushout: The Criminalization of Black Girls in Schools

“Defining freedom cannot amount to simply substituting it with inclusion. Countering the criminalization of Black girls requires fundamentally altering the relationship between Black girls and the institutions of power that have worked to reinforce their subjugation. History has taught us that civil rights are but one component of a larger movement for this type of social transformation. Civil rights may be at the core of equal justice movements, and they may elevate an equity agenda that protects our children from racial and gender discrimination, but they do not have the capacity to fully redistribute power and eradicate racial inequity. There is only one practice that can do that. Love.”
― Monique Morris, Pushout: The Criminalization of Black Girls in Schools

“As an educator and advocate, I want to be a part of encouraging and supporting movers and shakers of our world. I do not want to be a part of suppressing them.”
― Jill telford

“We need to reframe our way of thinking. We shouldn't be thinking will Johnny be ready for Kindergarten. Instead we should be asking will his new school be ready for him?”
― Jill Telford

“Ukiwa na elimu huna sababu ya kuwa maskini.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Watu wengi hawana maarifa kwa sababu ya elimu na utajiri. Hawana elimu na hawana utajiri. Nchi iwape wananchi wake kila kitu isipokuwa ujinga na umaskini.”
― Enock Maregesi

“The saddest thing in life is to remember the past moments, in which you are failed in a particular phase of life. So, for happiness focus on present and forget the past.”
― Surendra Sidar, we should all be feminists

“A true leader will listen actively to the needs of individuals and create solutions that can bring long or short term benefits in their lives. However, people who hold leadership positions will not dictate people about their decisions and lifestyle.”
― Saaif Alam

“Being told you are not who you know yourself to be is trauma [page 321]”
― Elijah C. Nealy, Transgender Children and Youth: Cultivating Pride and Joy with Families in Transition

“Elle les élevait en traçant dans l'espace des lignes invisibles qu'ils respectaient. Des enfants funambules.”
― Daniel Picouly, Le cri muet de l'iguane

“Talk a little less, listen a little more, and you'll be a lot wiser”
― Eric Gibbons

“This was an Introduction to Literature course, but she cared less about literature than she did about points. It wasn’t the topic of the course that mattered to her; what mattered was the currency.”
― Nathan Hill, The Nix

“Изучать науки женщина неспособна. Это явствует уже из одного того, что для нее не заводят учебных заведений.”
― Антон Павлович Чехов, О женщинах

“I am a Head Start child still at heart.”
― Jill Telford

“When you ask a knowledgeable person a question it needs to sound insightful and logical so he or he can come with a solution that can respond to your inquiry. However, never ask a question about an obvious situation or idea because it can hinder your ability expand authentic knowledge pertaining to cognitive and practical life contexts.”
― Saaif Alam

“My lady, you’re about to receive an education in how to conduct an affair. Because for the duration of my stay at Stony Cross, you’re going to work off your debt to me…on your back, your knees, or any other position I desire you in.”
― Lisa Kleypas, Again the Magic

“When you ask a knowledgeable person a question it needs to sound insightful and logical so he or he can come with a solution that can respond to your inquiry. However, you should never ask a question about an obvious situation or idea because it could hinder your ability expand authentic knowledge pertaining to cognitive and practical life contexts.”
― Saaif Alam

“Teachers should know that the quality of the answers depends significantly on the quality of the questions.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“We don't need no education', we just need free knowledge!”
― Moheen Reeyad

“Most of the important things in life I learned online, at work, from experience, or by talking to people. A real education barely costs anything but time and effort and sometimes heartache.”
― Marushia Dark, Thelema: Book 0 - The Fool

“As to her education..." says Angelica.
"'Tis done," says Mrs Lippard. "Her school could do no more for her."
"I learned nothing," growls Sukie.
"You read every book they had."
"If I had known there were so few, I would have read slower.”
― Imogen Hermes Gowar, The Mermaid and Mrs Hancock

“Ngoài chuyện đọc sách, giáo dục trẻ con là cái mà người Việt luôn tầm sư học đạo. Tình hình rối như canh hẹ. Lúc thì người ta khuyên nhau nên nuôi con thành nhẫn nại, khiêm nhường “như người Nhật”. Lúc khác thì lại phải biến chúng thành quyết đoán, phá cách “như người Mỹ”. Buổi sáng thì tới khóa học “Bí quyết nuôi con thông minh của người Do Thái”, buổi tối lại nghiền ngẫm triết lý được cho là của Nhật rằng “trẻ em không cần phải quá thông minh; thông minh, học giỏi không hẳn là một điều tốt.”
― Đặng Hoàng Giang, Bức Xúc Không Làm Ta Vô Can

“It is called education because it is learned. You do not have to have had an experience in order to sympathize or empathize with the subject. That is why books are written: so that we do not have to do the same things. We learn from experience, true; but we also learn from empathy.” A Theory of Patience”
― Nikki Giovanni, Racism 101

“The basic task of education is the care and feeding of the imagination.”
― Katherine Paterson, A Sense of Wonder: On Reading and Writing Books for Children

“Isn’t the point of education to teach students how to think, not what to think?”
― Lindsey Whittington

“He never told him to study, but rather to learn, and it occurred to him that there was a marked difference. Learning was like playing, not labor.”
― Min Jin Lee, Pachinko

“When young people's education is at stake, compromise is crime.”
― Milan Kundera, Life is Elsewhere

“I could just avoid answering, as other have done before, by saying that when you don't ask me I know, but when you ask me, I do not know the answer anymore. There are some choices that you know are coming upon you only when they are just about to explode. But there are other choices that insinuate themselves into you and become apparent with a kind of obstinate lightness, that seem to have slowly grown within you during the happenings of your life because of a mixing of molecules and thoughts.”
― Loris Malaguzzi

“The forward momentum of British educations cannot be resisted: a relentless fascist machine that will spit them out the other side as soldiers or sexless governors-general and the like. All he can do is plant some small seed of independent thought in their minds. He is sorry for them and what is coming: every rottenness and corruption.”
― Polly Clark, Larchfield

“Learning is important, but it is more important to transform learning into wisdom by thinking about your knowledge.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Hate's not functional; why are we taught it?”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed

“Folklore elements of information do not speak itself to existence because nobody can prove it from conducting theoretical or practical methods of research. This shows that the components of folklore describes as a myth where it brainwashes people from understanding the aspects of reality in their daily lives.”
― Saaif Alam

“L'hérédité et le milieu sont des drôles de trucs. (...) Le milieu familial peut défaire beaucoup de ce qu'on essaie de faire à l'école. C'est pourquoi on (...) prend les gosses pratiquement au berceau.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Maybe I'm just a crazy lady who has wandered off the street and into this classroom and started explaining the mysteries of life to these young people. And they believe me, although I am utterly mistaken about simply everything.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Galápagos

“Hate speech can emotionally demoralize other individuals the way he or she intentionally constructs his or her speech. The person must realize that racism is completely unacceptable and should not get considered as joke in daily life communications.”
― Saaif Alam

“At this rate, I shall not pity the writers of history any longer. If people like to read their books, it is all very well; but to be at so much trouble in filling great volumes, which, as I used to think, nobody would willingly ever look into, to be laboring only for the torment of little boys and girls, always struck me as a hard fate; and though I know it is all very right and necessary, I have often wondered at the person's courage that could sit down on purpose to do it."

"That little boys and girls should be tormented," said Henry, "is what no one at all acquainted with human nature in a civilized state can deny; but in behalf of our most distinguished historians, I must observe that they might well be offended at being supposed to have no higher aim; and that by their method and style they are perfectly well qualified to torment readers of the most advanced reason and mature time of life. I use the verb 'to torment,' as I observed to be your own method, instead of 'to instruct,' supposing them to be now admitted as synonymous.”
― Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey

“And, in the end, what will the students have learned? They will, to be sure, have learned something about whales, perhaps about navigation and map reading, most of which they could have learned just as well by other means. Mainly, they will have learned that learning is a form of entertainment or, more precisely, that anything worth learning can take the form of an entertainment, and ought to.”
― Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business

“Geography is the multidisciplinary summary of life”
― Ronald Peret

“The values and actions of generosity do not come from masking yourself with a fake smile. It naturally comes from the soul and mind which reflects upon on your behavior that can benefit others around you.”
― Saaif Alam

“The G.I. Bill, formally known as the Servicemen's Readjustment Act of 1944, provided many benefits for the returning World War II veterans. These benefits included cash payments of tuition and living expenses to attend a university, high school or vocational education school, provided low-cost mortgages, and supplied low-interest loans to start a business, as well as one year of unemployment compensation. About 2.2 million returning, honorably discharged veterans used the G.I. Bill in order to attend colleges or universities, and another 5.6 million used the G.I. Bill for other kinds of training programs. This program helped make the United States the best educated country and the exceptional leader of the world, for years to come. It was an exciting time in America and I had a center aisle seat to witness it.”
I and many other veterans used the G.I. Bill to help pay for my education. In my case it allowed me to attend Central Connecticut State College (now a State University) to do my graduate work in education. The fact that so many people could afford to go back to school made the United States the best educated country in the years following World War II. Unfortunately during the past five years the United States has dropped by 11 points in our educational standing worldwide and now scores 17th among the 34 OECD countries. To make matters worse is that we are below average in math and science when the world depends more than ever on technology. A good part of the reason is that young people cannot afford the cost of a college education! The defense used by many of the less educated is that college is for egg heads and being a deplorable is worn as a badge of honor. If something doesn’t happen soon we will become a third world country but that opens up another topic for another day!”
― Captain Hank Bracker, "Seawater One...."

“An educated person is she or he who knows where or how to acquire knowledge.”
― Joseph Rain, The Unfinished Book About Who We Are

“Education means emancipation. It means light and liberty. It means the uplifting of the soul of man into the glorious light of truth, the light by which men can only be made free.”
― Frederick Douglass

“The educated are a class which exhibits alienation from it's kin in an extreme form”
― Nikolaĭ Fedorovich Fedorov

“Failure in Life is for Learning to get success”
― Muneeb Ambalvi

“Education consists primarily in perfecting the art/science of connecting apparently disparate dots.”
― J. Earp

“Sharing my love of stories has led me to find more acceptance and insight than any classroom learning I ever received, but without those technical skills, I would not have been able to do it all.”
― Jessica Marie Baumgartner

“One student laid it wide open when she said with complete candor, “Of course you can’t eliminate the degree and grading system. After all, that’s what we’re here for.” She spoke the complete truth. The idea that the majority of students attend a university for an education independent of the degree and grades is a little hypocrisy everyone is happier not to expose.”
― Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values

“Education means 'to understand the why of everything' - shashidhar sa”
― shashidhar sa

“Education Means to understand why of everything”
― shashidhar sa

“A better world depends on how we educate our children.”
― Victor Bello Accioly

“The highest purpose of education is to unlearn what we once took for granted, to replace certainty with subtlety, prejudice with compassion, and destiny with possibility.”
― Neel Burton

“A she-wolf teaches her cubs: "Bite like I do," and that's enough. A she-rabbit teaches her offspring: "Run like I do," and that's also enough. But a man teaches his children: "Think like I do," and that's a crime.”
― Brothers Strugatsky

“At the end of the day, the problem is education. Without an educated population, it doesn't matter what other problems you try to tackle. It's not gonna work. Think of how much less powerful campaign contributions would be if people had the critical thinking skills to see through advertising? Think of how many of our problems are based just on pure ignorance, whether it's antiscience people or bigots or whatever.”
― Brennan Lee Mulligan, Strong Female Protagonist. Book One

“Are schools rewarding the right people as the highest achievers? If the goal is hard-working, productive, adaptable adults, then U.S. high schools are recognizing precisely the correct group.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Higher education, in contrast, did not always keep its promise to develop the talents of even its best students. Left with classroom achievement alone, many students never found a negotiable path to a clearly envisioned career corresponding to their deepest interests and values.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Academically capable men and women almost never follow a single-minded interest from childhood into careers.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“The record is clear; nothing succeeds like success and there is no predictor of academic success better than a history of academic success.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Extremely talented students face an odd danger: they do so well in the paths they choose that they might not question whether the direction really fits them.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Male valedictorians attended Harvard, Yale, Princeton, MIT, and Stanford. Only one woman chose an Ivy League university-Cornell.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Women—and only women—lowered their intellectual self-esteem between high school graduation and sophomore year of college.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“For academically talented women, in contrast, school success does not guarantee occupational success. Even the best female college students need people who will support them, encourage them, and – most important—who will connect them to opportunities.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Outstanding students of color arrived on campus without the web of white middle-class family and school structures that provided Anglo students with practical knowledge in such areas as college choice strategies and career planning.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“College bonds weakened for students of who lived off campus, took outside employment, and maintained active family commitments. Unskilled in navigating the university, these students were unlikely to enter the personal networks where insiders traded the practical information they desperately needed.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“For minority students, as for women and working-class white valedictorians, superior college grades did not lead smoothly to high-level satisfying work.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“The stories of successful channels, stifling ruts, and missed paths all point to the same conclusion: the successful passage from school to postschool achievement requires an interpersonal process of increasing self-understanding, career socialization, and tacit knowledge.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Are valedictorians successful a decade and a half after high school? Yes is the simple answer to this straightforward question…Yet the answer becomes infinitely less simple when we examine what society and the valedictorians themselves mean by “success.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“The happiest have found adult achievement arenas that do engage them, occasionally through the luck of good early choices, sometimes by leaving worn paths, and most often through exploring themselves and careers with the help of guides and sponsors.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Just as the stereotypes of the one-sided academic grind or the obsessed genius are myths for high school valedictorians, also false is the conception of academic achievers as troubled individuals effective only in school.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“As a group, valedictorians have always led well-rounded, socially integrated, ‘normal’ lives.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Female valedictorians marry a little later and participate somewhat more heavily in paid work than women in their age group nationally.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“In their early thirties, the most career-invested women and men in the Illinois Valedictorian Project are those who have found deep personal meaning in vocations. Those qualities and conditions that keep students centered on work are different than those that made them high school valedictorian.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“To reach the head of the class, students needed to conform to the school system and work equally hard at all subjects.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Valedictorians were highly motivated to excel academically because of early family and school experiences.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“As valedictorians matured from high school they began to change their views of success from stereotypical ideals such as material wealth or emulating their parents’ lifestyle to an idea created on their own. They now sought balance between money, career and family as opposed to, say, only wealth. Academically and careerwise most of them were traditionally successful.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“For all students, a network of career exploration opportunities, sponsors, and mentors is a critical accompaniment to coursework.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“If education does not bring the fluidity, simplicity, understanding, naivety within a person, then that education is meaningless.”
― Shubham Singh

“As long as the goal of education is to get money,
Only educated animals will be created in the society, not educated man.”
― Shubham Singh

“A poet will exaggerate his or her statements by making deep connections with personal life situations or public events.”
― Saaif Alam

“If you want to learn a subject, teach it.”
― Robert Heidersbach, Metallurgy and Corrosion Control in Oil and Gas Production

“I have learned over the years that many formally educated corrosion professionals are either engineers or chemists by training. While those two groups represent the largest two categories of backgrounds in the oilfield corrosion control industry, they are in the minority.”
― Robert Heidersbach, Metallurgy and Corrosion Control in Oil and Gas Production

“You are not reading this book because a teacher assigned it to you, you are reading it because you have a desire to learn, and wanting to learn is the biggest advantage you can have.”
― Cory Althoff, The Self-Taught Programmer: The Definitive Guide to Programming Professionally

“You have to go to bed wiser than you got up. As you try to master what you are trying to do - people who do that almost never fail utterly. Very few have ever failed with that approach. You amy rise slowly, but you are sure to rise.”
― Peter Bevelin

“Education makes you humble, it doesn't make you proud.”
― Elisabeth Kübler-Ross, On Death and Dying

“Truth is the greatest enemy of tyrants everywhere.”
― Laurence Overmire

“That is, ability, values, opportunities, gender, culture, and social class all affect the aspirations and achievements of academically talented students. So does chance.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“You may no longer be in school, but you must never stop learning. We need to be as smart as the white ghosts.”
― Stacey Lee, Outrun the Moon

“School came to bore me. It took up far too much time which I would rather have spent drawing battles and playing with fire.”
― C.G. Jung, Memories, Dreams, Reflections

“The universal benefit of religion is that it gets the children out of the house on Sunday mornings.'

'But education gets them out of the house five days a week.”
― William Faulkner, Mosquitoes

“Citizens of every country are influenced by the availability and accessibility of education”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Danger Of Monoculturalism In The XXI Century

“Education should not be reading about the past rather it should be about addressing the present.”
― Rajesh Walecha

“Education must not dig up the fossils of times; rather it must nourish the lush green future lying ahead.”
― Rajesh Walecha

“In both generations, the black had a higher level of results on achievements in education, wage level, and employment”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Danger Of Monoculturalism In The XXI Century

“The right to education should be protected, preserved and cultivated. The efforts to better the system are good. but they are not enough. We need to work together to change access and to also change how we are taught”
― David Sikhosana

“The person must utilize adequate quantitative and/or qualitative reasoning in order to solve both ill and well defined problems for his or her assigned tasks.”
― Saaif Alam

“One of the most important parts of education is learning to get along with other people.”
― Louise Dickinson Rich, We Took to the Woods

“There is no merit in being born in a country where there is a developed educational system or a favorable environment”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Danger Of Monoculturalism In The XXI Century

“To know – that's true happiness.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Yes,’ I say. ‘It’s my first actual day of high school ever. I moved from the country. I was home-schooled via distance ed before now.’
‘Incredible.’ He shakes my free hand, while lying in that peculiar position. ‘You’ve managed to evade formal education for a signifcant period of your life. Congratulations and well done.’
‘Are you taking the piss?’
‘Good God, no.”
― Ellie Marney, Begin, End, Begin

“(prof.) Augustus était de nouveau sur moi ; tandis que sa bouche emplie de mots m’enserrait le cou avec sa puissance d’un lasso, ma voix parlait intérieurement. Dans l’air ambiant, ses mains ont pénétré les choses. J’étais seule, élue entre tous.
J’avais accepté de relever le défi.
Sérieux, dominant, Augustus a traversé l’estrade. Ses yeux, véritables planètes en orbite, ont décrit une révolution autour de moi. Il a lâché une question à laquelle aurait pu répondre avec flaccidité n’importe quelle taupe sortie du tunnel peu profond de lectures hégéliennes que nous explorions. Il a promené son regard sur des rares doigts levés, prêts à se risquer, comme s’il cherchait quelqu’un « en particulier ».”
― Pola Oloixarac, Las teorías salvajes

“To be number one is to be publicly labeled a winner in the system that counts – a system of advancement through personal merit and effort in rugged competition. Labels of success – Rhodes scholar, Nobel laureate, Heisman Trophy winner – follow a person through life and define him or her to the public. One such label, valedictorian, marks academic winners. Schools in the United States have at least one common belief: high academic achievement is a good thing.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“From kindergarten to the valedictory address, schools grade, rank, and label their best performers. The top high school student wins the first major life contest, a competition in which most members of society participate. Following high school, victors enter subsequent contests at an advantage. The race is never restarted.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“There is no knowledge like kindness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“One of the problems with having time to read all that you want is that your interests become so eclectic it's hard to focus.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“I am completely uneducated. Not going to university did give me an incredible driving force because it leaves you with a slight chip on your shoulder. It makes me feel I am going to read absolutely everything so I can prove I am not stupid.”
― Keira Knightley

“You are the answer that the world has been waiting for in education sector”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Don’t delay God’s agenda to deliver quality education to your sphere of influence”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Don’t be the reason why the educational system is still crawling because you don’t believe you are good enough to add value to the educational system”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“A child who has slept all night in a stuffy, overcrowded room, and then breakfasts on a cup of weak tea and a piece of bread, can hardly be expected to show a sharp, sustained interest in the abstractions of arithmetic, and the unrelated niceties of correct spelling. Punishment (or the threat of it) for this lack of interest is unlikely to bring the best out of him.”
― E.R. Braithwaite, To Sir, With Love

“Our world needs more white flags – in relationships, friendships, political agendas and education – because we are now endorsed with countless capacities to spot red flags but too often we forget about reconciliation.”
― Ioana Cristina Casapu

“Thinking calls for facts; facts are found by digging; but he who has gathered this wealth is well equipped for life.”
― Henry Ford

“Normal' is a concept formed by averages but it changes with education and tolerance.”
― Sara Pascoe, Animal: The Autobiography of a Female Body

“If our best-educated citizens have no idea how to answer these basic questions, we will struggle to build a democracy that can solve the problems we face, whether they are what to do about climate change, the world’s poor, the problems of Australia’s Indigenous people, or the prospect of a future in which we can genetically modify our offspring. An education in the humanities is as valuable today as it was in Plato’s time.”
― Peter singer, Ethics in the Real World: 86 Brief Essays on Things that Matter

“Books were my church but even more my native land, my place of refuge, my DP camp. I was an exile early on, but exile welcomed me; it was were I belonged.”
― Andrea Dworkin, Heartbreak: The Political Memoir of a Feminist Militant

“Learn about yourself then teach others to learn about their true self. Let them see the wonders of the world in there true colors”
― The Inner Light

“Civilization as well as education takes a downward spiral when it ceases to ask "What is truth?" and concerns itself primarily with what is measurable.”
― Katherine Paterson, A Sense of Wonder: On Reading and Writing Books for Children

“In India, there are thousands of girls who kill their true loves just because of their family respect. But we still don’t value their feelings, dreams, and emotions.”
― Brajendra Pandey, A Cute Girl In My Village

“It is difficult to learn anything worthwhile if you only listen to those who share your views.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“Education is the resistance to everything that is bad today.”
― Jonas Mekas

“I am very sorry, but I am infinitely more intelligent than these three professors, and I therefore refuse to be examined by them. I know more about Raphael than all of you altogether.”
― salvador dalí

“Now, when I read constantly about the way in which library funds are being cut and cut, I can only think that the door is closing and that American society has found one more way to destroy itself.”
― Isaac Asimov, I. Asimov

“Roll the paper, stick and shape it. After that roll another paper strip, stick and shape it. Do that again and again! These are three simple steps which define the technique named quilling.”
― Alberta Neal, Quilling Basics: Discover the Magic World of Surprises in Quilling

“On the whole it is certainly not necessary. Nothing can better defend us than nature itself, which has let certain flowers and leaves grow in a particular color and shape. People who do not find them beneficial, suitable for their special needs, which cannot be known, can easily walk right by them. But they cannot demand that the flowers and leaves be colored and cut in another way.”
― Jacob Grimm

“Real education is the key to change anything your desire!!!”
― The Inner Light

“educated beyond the point considered wise for females”
― Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain

“A particular concept would not exist in everyday communication from a person's perspective if he or she does not know how to represent his or her theory with valid meaning and reasoning.”
― Saaif Alam

“you have to have the fight to win to win the fight - (G Swiss)”
― G Swiss

“An insincere individual would feel afraid to admit the truth because he or she wants to avoid facing the consequences with a guilty conscious . Eventually, he or she will get caught and will face more serve consequences for their guilty actions including committing acts of dishonesty.”
― Saaif Alam

“For many Jews during Talmudic times, conversion to Christianity prob- ably did not appear as a major change: Christianity looked like a slightly di erent version of the Jewish religion, with the same core belief in one God and the Torah but with fewer demanding requirements. For many Jewish households that earned their living from farming—and especially the poorer ones that struggled to support their families and, as illiterate, were made to feel like outcasts (ammei ha-aretz) by the local rabbis and lit- erate Jews—Christianity probably seemed a welcome change: it enabled them to believe in the same God without having to obey several costly norms, including the one that required fathers to educate their sons.”
― Maristella Botticini, The Chosen Few: How Education Shaped Jewish History, 70-1492

“Though I have lived most of my life with
educationalists, I have little interest in educa¬
tion. I dislike schools, both for boys and
girls. A child between the ages of eight and
eighteen, the normal school years, is too young
to form a collective opinion, children only
set up foolish savage taboos. I dislike also
all plans for “developing a child’s mind ”,
and all conscious forms of personal influence
of the younger by the elder. Let children
early speak at least three foreign languages,
let them browse freely in a good library, see
all they can of the first-rate in nature, art,
and literature—above all, give them a chance
of knowing what science and scientific method
means, and then leave them to sink or swim.
Above all things, do not cultivate in them a
taste for literature.”
― Jane Ellen Harrison, Reminiscences of a Student's Life

“You teach them very litter?"
"Why should we? It only leads to trouble and discontent. We amuse them.”
― H. G. Wells, The Sleeper Awakes

“If we take pride of our responsibility completing tasks, it will create an good impression among others about our commitment to fulfill their needs and/or wants.”
― Saaif Alam

“If we take pride of our responsibility completing tasks, it will create a good impression among others about our commitment to fulfill their needs and/or wants.”
― Saaif Alam

“When a person opens his or her mouth, the dialogue must contain a purpose that sounds sensible towards his or her surroundings. If the person uses this strategy, he or she can earn self respect from others.”
― Saaif Alam

“High self respect is a characteristic that we earn from our environment by showing courtesy and naturally exhibiting behaviors that can praise others about the output of our intellectual accomplishments instead of chasing them for attention.”
― Saaif Alam

“Your love can be stolen away from you but knowledge is eternal.”
― ABC

“There is no such thing a person can reach his or her goals by taking shortcuts because it is considered as one form of cheating. The person must use his or her own unique knowledge and apply a great deal of effort simultaneously in order to achieve his or her goals successfully.”
― Saaif Alam

“Send your child to school for education, not for attendance”
― Ibn Jeem

“Whatever happens to us, was a useful education.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Serious students are always serious and it is not as if they just want to be serious, but because they want to achieve something distinctive with their seriousness!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Reason restrains. But imagination evolve.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I was an ordinary person who studied hard. There are no miracle people. It happens they get interested in this thing and they learn all this stuff, but they’re just people.”
― Richard Feynman

“Know what you’re working toward and eliminate debt, so that if you change your mind later it doesn’t kill you to know you have a hundred thousand dollar biology degree hanging in the kitchen of the tapas restaurant you just opened.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“How many of us have read history, and shook our heads and puffed our chest, and said, “If I were alive during that period, I would never have done those things to those people!” Yet here we are, doing those things to those people.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“[There is] no direct relationship between IQ and economic opportunity. In the supposed interests of fairness and “social justice”, the natural relationship has been all but obliterated.

Consider the first necessity of employment, filling out a job application. A generic job application does not ask for information on IQ. If such information is volunteered, this is likely to be interpreted as boastful exaggeration, narcissism, excessive entitlement, exceptionalism [...] and/or a lack of team spirit. None of these interpretations is likely to get you hired.

Instead, the application contains questions about job experience and educational background, neither of which necessarily has anything to do with IQ. Universities are in business for profit; they are run like companies, seek as many paying clients as they can get, and therefore routinely accept people with lukewarm IQ’s, especially if they fill a slot in some quota system (in which case they will often be allowed to stay despite substandard performance). Regarding the quotas themselves, these may in fact turn the tables, advantaging members of groups with lower mean IQ’s than other groups [...] sometimes, people with lower IQ’s are expressly advantaged in more ways than one.

These days, most decent jobs require a college education. Academia has worked relentlessly to bring this about, as it gains money and power by monopolizing the employment market across the spectrum. Because there is a glut of college-educated applicants for high-paying jobs, there is usually no need for an employer to deviate from general policy and hire an applicant with no degree. What about the civil service? While the civil service was once mostly open to people without college educations, this is no longer the case, and quotas make a very big difference in who gets hired. Back when I was in the New York job market, “minorities” (actually, worldwide majorities) were being spotted 30 (thirty) points on the civil service exam; for example, a Black person with a score as low as 70 was hired ahead of a White person with a score of 100. Obviously, any prior positive correlation between IQ and civil service employment has been reversed.

Add to this the fact that many people, including employers, resent or feel threatened by intelligent people [...] and the IQ-parameterized employment function is no longer what it was once cracked up to be. If you doubt it, just look at the people running things these days. They may run a little above average, but you’d better not be expecting to find any Aristotles or Newtons among them. Intelligence has been replaced in the job market with an increasingly poor substitute, possession of a college degree, and given that education has steadily given way to indoctrination and socialization as academic priorities, it would be naive to suppose that this is not dragging down the overall efficiency of society.

In short, there are presently many highly intelligent people working very “dumb” jobs, and conversely, many less intelligent people working jobs that would once have been filled by their intellectual superiors. Those sad stories about physics PhD’s flipping burgers at McDonald's are no longer so exceptional.

Sorry, folks, but this is not your grandfather’s meritocracy any more.”
― Christopher Langan

“Maybe you’ve noticed what I’ve noticed, and thought it strange, or dismissed it as youthful foolishness or that you were missing some critical piece of information that would reveal itself with age and wisdom – that is: every single teacher believes feverishly in the importance of the content of their class, and furthermore, believes that their assessment of you in their class is a direct measure of your capacity for future success, while simultaneously not having a clue as to the content of virtually any other discipline in the school. They will boldly state things like, That’s math, I’m an English teacher or That’s literature, I’m a biology teacher, practically admitting out loud that nothing learned in school is important (except, of course, the course they are teaching).”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“Once, during my Catholic days, I was complaining with a Catholic friend about how terrible the teaching was in parish life. A priest listening to us said that everything we griped about was true, but we didn't have to resign ourselves and our children to this fate.
'You could go online to Amazon.com tonight and have sent to you within a week a theological library that Aquinas would have envied,' he said. 'My parents raised me in the seventies, which was the beginning of the catechesis nightmare. They knew that if they were going to raise Catholic kids, they would have to do a lot of it themselves, and they did. So do you.”
― Rod Dreher, The Benedict Option: A Strategy for Christians in a Post-Christian Nation

“I’m sure if Socrates were alive today, and had to sit through even a single meeting discussing how to use data to inform instruction, he’d kill himself all over again.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“It was my assumption that skilled teachers spent their days imparting important and meaningful knowledge to eager students. I also believed, as many of you do, that I didn’t remember or wasn’t good at the things we learned in high school because I didn’t pay close enough attention or didn’t work hard enough.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“A teenager’s nature is not laziness, their preferred state is not ignorance, and it is not necessary for extrinsic motivation to be delivered by trained professionals in order to prevent them from bareknuckle boxing under a bridge in exchange for drugs and money.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“I am here to help her learn," Tansy said, "not to keep her from it.”
― Richard Peck, The Teacher's Funeral: A Comedy in Three Parts

“And there you sit, atop the smoking mountain of rubble that was once your home, covered in gray dust, cradling the mangled corpse of your little girl in your arms, looking south to a Mexican people who, in solidarity with you, have stopped riding Uber.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“Going to school is rarely a choice at all, but rather just the thing you do because everyone else does it.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“To teachers, education is just a duty, but to students, it's their right.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“It’s good and just that you practice on teachers and school principals, because one day you are going to have to live in a world of lawmakers and tax collectors, and you should have some sense of how to use your freedom of speech to claim control over your life.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“Bersabarlah terhadap kerasnya sikap seorang guru.
Sesungguhnya gagalnya mempelajari ilmu karena memusuhinya.
Barang siapa belum merasakan pahitnya belajar walau sebentar,
Ia akan merasakan hinanya kebodohan sepanjang hidupnya.
Dan barang siapa ketinggalan belajar di masa mudanya,
Maka bertakbirlah untuknya empat kali karena kematiannya.
Demi Allah hakekat seorang pemuda adalah dengan ilmu dan takwa.
Bila keduanya tidak ada maka tidak ada anggapan baginya.
Ilmu adalah tanaman kebanggaan maka hendaklah Anda bangga dengannya.
Dan berhati-hatilah bila kebanggaan itu terlewatkan darimu.
Ketahuilah ilmu tidak akan didapat oleh orang yang pikirannya tercurah pada makanan dan pakaian.”
― Imām aš-Šāfiʿī

“Di antara kebutuhan-kebutuhan dasar - sandang, pangan, papan - di situlah pendidikan harus diletakkan.”
― Iwan Esjepe

“The proper concern of a primary school is not education in a narrow sense, and still less preparation for later life, but the present lives of the children.”
― George Dennison, The Lives of Children: The Story of the First Street School

“Our freedom of speech is not some cute, optional, anachronistic thing that you write about on a short answer quiz about school uniforms or some such silliness. Your freedom to assemble (e.g., Junto), to create and distribute content, and to express yourself (e.g., to ask a Klan member Why do you hate me when you don’t know me?), and to be able to do so without fear of violence or censorship (which are essentially the same thing), is absolutely fundamental to a free and just society.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“School vision statements often read something like, “We believe all kids can learn” or “life-long learners” or something silly like that. What an absurd thing to put in writing! “We, at Grassy Hill Elementary, believe all Kindergarteners can get taller” or “We, the Prospect Junior High cafeteria staff, believe that all kids can and will eat food.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“Compulsion – nonconsensual education – requires violence; it requires complete control over what students put into their brain, the people they are exposed to, the places they are authorized to be, and oftentimes, with free lunch programs, what food goes into their body. Compulsory systems are resentful of families who do not enforce homework or dress code policies; are reluctant to allow parents into its buildings except once or twice a year on special “open house” days; and fear parents who choose to homeschool.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“A dreamer with high self esteem would start his or her life aiming for high ambitions and end his or her life with successful accomplishments that can remain as a legacy forever.”
― Saaif Alam

“You would think that after fifteen years of war on terror, waged by a country with nuclear submarines, all terror on earth would be destroyed. I’m shocked that nary a nightmare has made it out alive. Yet somehow, killing the shit out of people – thousands and thousands of people – doesn’t make the living not scared. What you do wind up with are millions of refugees and armies of genocidal fanatics.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“If students merely recite academic concepts from books and their instructors' verbal lectures, it will not help them to clearly understand course material contents because there was no application of critical thinking strategies.”
― Saaif Alam

“Education is the most powerful weapon”
― Thabiso Monkoe, The Azanian

“This guy tried to kill me, he’s out there, and I’m going to blow his f***ng head off.' Nothing happened for a few weeks, then we went to Kuwait, then we went home to New York, and I was in a bunch of undergraduate English classes within thirty days of landing at Fort Drum.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“Self -learners kindled their own fire.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Well we can't teach 'em, better pass 'em.
Let those eradicate who can
Man's inhumanity to man
Through teaching boys to kiss the Flag,
Keep their rooms tidy, kick a fag,
Follow the leader, mind the rules,
Blunt and ignore the only tools
That interest the half-mature.”
― James Agee, Letters of James Agee to Father Flye

“It's not in the will to prove an idea to be true but in the utmost desire to disprove it, that the absolute truth emerges.”
― Anmol Nigam

“Di antara kebutuhan-kebutuhan dasar - sandang, pangan, papan, di situlah pendidikan harus diletakkan.”
― Iwan Esjepe

“Being lawful and following the rules means allowing their reality to become your reality, and their reality includes you pledging your allegiance to their republic before you’re old enough know what the words “allegiance” or “republic” mean.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“School exams are memory tests, in real-world no one is going to stop you from referring a book to solve a problem.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“The faculty of voluntarily bringing back a wandering attention, over and over again, is the very root of judgment, character, and will. ... An education which should improve this faculty would be the education par excellence.”
― Willam James

“The aim of education is the condition of suspended judgment on everything.”
― George Santayana

“A fool will always rely on what someone else says, however an intelligent person would use critical thinking to justify the rationality of statements made by others before embracing their influence.”
― Saaif Alam

“By some need to appear intellectual, non-thinkers will instantly and without question subscribe to the opinions of those they feel other people think are educated.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Work hard, you can be Millionaire.
Work hard and smart, you can be Billionaire.
Trillionaire??
Get ready to beat capitalism in its own game.
Create war among countries. Be merciless and cruel .
But there is a problem ! Trillionaire doesn't know what happens after death ??”
― Chinmay Jangid

“Bukan hanya mengajar, tapi juga mendidik. Karena menjadi guru adalah sebuah kehormatan”
― Yoza Fitriadi

“But if we get education right... it would acknowledge that the path to true learning begins nowhere else but in delight, and the words on the signpost say: “Once upon a time … - Isis lecture, 2003”
― Philip Pullman

“Learning how to be at peace with oneself and others. That would be a real education.”
― Marty Rubin

“We mathematicians understand that without the education of children, the economy cannot grow, and the world would starve from ignorance.”
― V.M.Robinson

“We must be models for our children. We must treat people well on every level. We can no longer complain or judge people around us; our children learn from this. We have to promote inclusion, rather than competition. No more complaining about, criticizing, or judging others in front of our kids. It starts with us.”
― Jodi Aman

“How could you be alone, when you can find company in reading books?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“When the time comes, & I hope it comes soon, to bury this era of moral rot & the defiling of our communal, social, & democratic norms, the perfect epitaph for the gravestone of this age of unreason should be Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley's already infamous quote:
"I think not having the estate tax recognizes the people that are investing... as opposed to those that are just spending every darn penny they have, whether it’s on booze or women or movies.”
Grassley's vision of America, quite frankly, is one I do not recognize. I thought the heart of this great nation was not limited to the ranks of the plutocrats who are whisked through life in chauffeured cars & private jets, whose often inherited riches are passed along to children, many of whom no sacrifice or service is asked. I do not begrudge wealth, but it must come with a humility that money never is completely free of luck. And more importantly, wealth can never be a measure of worth.
I have seen the waitress working the overnight shift at a diner to give her children a better life, & yes maybe even take them to a movie once in awhile - and in her, I see America.
I have seen the public school teachers spending extra time with students who need help & who get no extra pay for their efforts, & in them I see America.
I have seen parents sitting around kitchen tables with stacks of pressing bills & wondering if they can afford a Christmas gift for their children, & in them I see America.
I have seen the young diplomat in a distant foreign capital & the young soldier in a battlefield foxhole, & in them I see America.
I have seen the brilliant graduates of the best law schools who forgo the riches of a corporate firm for the often thankless slog of a district attorney or public defender's office, & in them I see America.
I have seen the librarian reshelving books, the firefighter, police officer, & paramedic in service in trying times, the social worker helping the elderly & infirm, the youth sports coaches, the PTA presidents, & in them I see America.
I have seen the immigrants working a cash register at a gas station or trimming hedges in the frost of an early fall morning, or driving a cab through rush hour traffic to make better lives for their families, & in them I see America.
I have seen the science students unlocking the mysteries of life late at night in university laboratories for little or no pay, & in them I see America.
I have seen the families struggling with a cancer diagnosis, or dementia in a parent or spouse. Amid the struggles of mortality & dignity, in them I see America.
These, & so many other Americans, have every bit as much claim to a government working for them as the lobbyists & moneyed classes. And yet, the power brokers in Washington today seem deaf to these voices. It is a national disgrace of historic proportions.
And finally, what is so wrong about those who must worry about the cost of a drink with friends, or a date, or a little entertainment, to rephrase Senator Grassley's demeaning phrasings? Those who can't afford not to worry about food, shelter, healthcare, education for their children, & all the other costs of modern life, surely they too deserve to be able to spend some of their “darn pennies” on the simple joys of life.
Never mind that almost every reputable economist has called this tax bill a sham of handouts for the rich at the expense of the vast majority of Americans & the future economic health of this nation. Never mind that it is filled with loopholes written by lobbyists. Never mind that the wealthiest already speak with the loudest voices in Washington, & always have. Grassley’s comments open a window to the soul of the current national Republican Party & it it is not pretty. This is not a view of America that I think President Ronald Reagan let alone President Dwight Eisenhower or Teddy Roosevelt would have recognized. This is unadulterated cynicism & a version of top-down class warfare run amok. ~Facebook 12/4/17”
― Dan Rather

“When your underwear costs more than your child's education then you are in serious trouble"

RjS”
― rassool jibraeel snyman

“To sustain the value of education, students should be respected as much as the teachers.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“The industrialized mass nature of school goes back to the very beginning, to the common
school and the normal school and the idea of universal schooling. All of which were invented at
precisely the same time we were perfecting mass production and interchangeable parts and then
mass marketing.

The common school (now called a public school) was a brand new concept, created shortly after
the Civil War. “Common” because it was for everyone, for the kids of the farmer, the kids of
the potter, and the kids of the local shopkeeper. Horace Mann is generally regarded as the
father of the institution, but he didn’t have to fight nearly as hard as you would imagine—
because industrialists were on his side. The two biggest challenges of a newly industrial
economy were finding enough compliant workers and finding enough eager customers. The
common school solved both problems.

The normal school (now called a teacher’s college) was developed to indoctrinate teachers into
the system of the common school, ensuring that there would be a coherent approach to the
processing of students. If this sounds parallel to the notion of factories producing items in bulk,
of interchangeable parts, of the notion of measurement and quality, it’s not an accident.


The world has changed, of course. It has changed into a culture fueled by a market that knows
how to mass-customize, to find the edges and the weird, and to cater to what the individual
demands instead of insisting on conformity.

Mass customization of school isn’t easy. Do we have any choice, though? If mass production
and mass markets are falling apart, we really don’t have the right to insist that the schools we
designed for a different era will function well now.”
― Seth Godin, Leap First: Creating Work That Matters

“Respect for all, reward for the worthy, reservation for none.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Universities are reluctant to update their syllabus as per industry requirement, not because their students will have to take the trouble to learn new things but because their professors will have to take the trouble to teach new things.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Think back to the Apollo 13 story. The astronauts and engineers had spent years planning for the launch. They had built a core team inspired by the vision of another flight to the moon. Despite all of that planning, they hit that gut-wrenching moment and said the famous words "Houston we have a problem.”
― John Spencer and A.J. Juliani

“To delight in literature is to desire to learn.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The more I read the more I fought against the assumption that literature is for the minority - of a particular education or class. Books were my birthright too.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“In a country like Nigeria, people have been made to believe that you need prayer to do what God has given men power to achieve.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“One of the more difficult questions I used to find myself being asked as a United Nations official, especially when I had been addressing a generalist audience, was: What is the single most important thing that can be done to improve the world?...

If I had to pick one thing we must do above all else, I now offer a two-word mantra: "Educate girls.”
― Shashi Tharoor, The Elephant, the Tiger, and the Cell Phone: Reflections on India, the Emerging 21st-Century Power

“When education is free and available instantaneously, innovation comes from valuable transformational relationships, not transactions.”
― Richie Norton

“I asked what we must do about intolerance and fanaticism which was flaring all around the world. "Education and wider contacts are really the only solutions," the Dalai Lama replied.”
― Dalai Lama XIV, Desmond Tutu, Douglas Abrams, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World

“Pure anecdotal statements would not convince others about the actual societal problems and solutions without providing reliable empirical evidence.”
― Saaif Alam

“So when we think about the future, how to build a healthy humanity, we really have to think about how we create a new generation of citizens with a different kind of mind-set. Here education is really the key. Christianity has wonderful teachings, so does Buddhism, but these teachings and approaches are not sufficient. Now secular education is universal. So now we must include in formal education of our youth some teaching of compassion and basic ethics, not on the basis of religious belief but on the basis of scientific findings and our common sense and our universal experience. ... to educate children about the value of compassion and the value of applying our mind.”
― Dalai Lama XIV, Desmond Tutu, Douglas Abrams, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World

“When the racism involves in education, the learning outcome will be like the torch without light”
― Kamaran Ihsan Salih

“People should value a new year as a mental start of a new beginning to aim for pursuing their educational, social or financial success, if they failed to achieve one of these goals in the previous year. This strategy can help people boost self esteem by not allowing any disturbing events from the past year to disrupt their method of formulating new annual goals.”
― Saaif Alam

“We smashed their schools, burned them, and shot people based on the time of night they were outside. They dressed up like our allies and blew themselves up, when they weren’t murdering the families of our actual allies and throwing their headless bodies into the Tigris. Write a five paragraph essay on that. Make sure each paragraph has a topic sentence.”
― Brian Huskie, A White Rose: A Soldier's Story of Love, War, and School

“The poorly sophisticated, since many of us are, as presumed to be, lacking in good arguments, we are then prone to being well-versed in insults.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Whoever desire to learn, shall delight to listen .”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Wisdom accumulates in the cracks of personal experience and the crevices of bad judgments.”
― Will Craig, Living the Hero's Journey

“The universal mission of all educators is to let the torch of knowledge illuminate the world.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Stupidity arise for unwillingness to study.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“All the gifts which fortune bestows she can easily take away; but education, when combined with intelligence, never fails, but abides steadily on to the very end of life.”
― Vitruvius Pollio

“Creativity is child-like curiousity..”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Gracious spirit kindled the fire to search for the sacred knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Getting degree only makes someone literate to the society or the nation. But sometime their uncultured acts make them illiterate. Cause they have uneducated mind. Their minds have never got enlightenment with the true education that supposed to make them better person.”
― Salman Aziz

“In this life one of the greatest lessons I've learned is that I still have a lot to learn.”
― Clyde Lee Dennis

“We must learn as long as we live.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Do you ever hear a study can strengthen you against the violence? Get enrollment the course at Academy for Social Emotional Learning School (SEL). Learn the online and offline courses to reduce the physical violence in New Jersey.”
― SELinSchools

“Sacred knowledge is the spirit of kindness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Practical experience can coney a person's actual fundemental understanding of a specific idea with the inclusion of supporting & reliable evidence rather than only using his or her pure ancedotal beliefs.”
― Saaif Alam

“Child labor — a social ill that continues to plague Indian society”
― Jagmohan Garg

“Something'll turn up.”
― Fiona Faith Ross, Writing Fiction: What I wish I'd known when I started

“A man act according to his thoughts.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Your experience is your true education.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Creativity is curiosity.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You got to experience it, so you never forget the valuable lessons of life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There is no higher priority for those who chose a university career than acting in the students’ best interest. That’s because students are the core of the university.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“To be truly educated, a man needs his experience.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The idea that someone is more knowledgeable simply because of the greater amount of time they have spent on this Earth is one of the greatest fallacies ever conceived; it does not matter how long you have been on this Earth but what you have spent your time doing.”
― Noah Reznik

“Traveling is the best education. You see the world through another lens. You realize your homeland isn’t the only reality, there’s many.”
― Mark Patterson

“To learn is to seek the light.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Los padres de Tom son docentes e intelectuales. Su padre dio clases de Literatura en el Connecticut College durante treinta años. Su madre trabajaba en la secretaría de exalumnos. Vivían y respiraban universidad, y se ufanaban de ser cultos, cosa que se reflejaba en todo lo que hacían y eran. En gran parte era inofensivo, y hasta beneficioso, para Tom y su hermana pequeña, Kathy. Las vacaciones eran siempre de acampada familiar. No les dejaban ver la tele sin supervisión, y solo los fines de semana. Imaginaos lo insulso que era el contenido autorizado. Tenían que leer diez libros por verano, y a colonias nunca iban. Nada de quedarse a dormir en casa de un amigo. Toque de queda estricto, y cada domingo a la iglesia, aunque de religión se hablaba más en términos de teoría y sociología que de pasión y fe. Lo evaluaban y lo analizaban todo, despojándolo de las influencias emocionales que pudieran llevar a creer en una mentira o a actuar de modo erróneo. Seguro que conocéis a gente de este tipo. A los no tan disciplinados les despiertan ganas de zarandearlos hasta que se desprenda alguna emoción, aunque se queden inconscientes. No parecen humanos, a pesar de su tan buen comportamiento.
¿En qué se traducía todo esto para Tom? Si llegaba a casa con sobresalientes, no había euforia, abrazos, besos ni llamadas por teléfono a los abuelos. Nada de monedas para la hucha, ni de postre especial, ni de saltarse una práctica de piano. No pegaban las notas a la nevera, no; las evaluaban y las comentaban, y a Tom le recordaban que sus notas eran un reflejo de lo mucho que había trabajado, y que no se pensara que era mejor o más listo que los otros. Y cuando cantaba en la obra de fin de curso, o anotaba una carrera en el partido de béisbol, o traía un animal de barro pintado de la asignatura de arte, con un vago parecido a una jirafa… Todo lo que hacía Tom era objeto de valoración sincera y desapasionada. En el segundo estribillo has desafinado un poco, Tom. A la primera base has llegado más que nada por suerte, Tom. No te creas que te volverá a pasar. Tienes que practicar más. Hombre, se nota que te has divertido haciéndolo.
Sí, ¿verdad? Exacto. Un poco adelantados a su tiempo, precursores de los consejos educativos que nos han endosado durante la pasada década. No hay que estar orgulloso de los hijos. Son ellos los que tienen que enorgullecerse. Tampoco hay que hacer falsos elogios, porque entonces dejan de fiarse de nuestras opiniones. No hay que dejarlos por el mundo creyéndose mejores de lo que son, porque solo servirá para que se lleven una decepción. La verdadera autoestima es la que viene de tener unos padres sinceros.
Yo estos disparates los rechazo desde siempre. En eso soy un caso aparte.
Somos seres pequeños e insignificantes. Lo único que nos llena, lo que nos da un horizonte, orgullo, sentido del yo, es el lugar que ocupamos en los corazones de la gente. Necesitamos que nos quieran nuestros padres sin condicionantes, sin lógica ni racionalidad. Necesitamos que nos vean a través de un cristal distorsionado por su amor y que nos digan de todas las maneras posibles que los llena de felicidad el mero hecho de que estemos en el mundo. De acuerdo, algún día nos daremos cuenta de que nuestras jirafas de barro no eran magistrales, pero es necesario que nos hagan llorar siempre que las bajemos de nuestros desvanes, sabiendo que cuando nuestros padres veían estos trozos de yeso tan feos sentían un orgullo absurdo y ganas de abrazarnos hasta que nos dolieran los huesos. Es lo que necesitamos de los padres, más que la verdad sobre lo pequeños que somos. Ya habrá gente de sobra que nos lo recuerde y nos ofrezca evaluaciones desapasionadas de nuestra mediocridad.”
― Wendy Walker, All is Not Forgotten

“(...) to be human is to
be with humans. Humans are not merely in the world, they are
with it and with one another.”
― Joseph Betz

“You have to teach yourself to be free. They don't teach that in school.”
― Marty Rubin

“There is no such thing as primitive in the way Western education has traditionally conditioned people to perceive it.”
― Gregory Cajete, Look To The Mountain: An Ecology Of Indigenous Education

“A job should be given to those who deserve it, not those who demand it.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“A man without regrets cannot be cured.”
― Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics

“Every penny NOT spent on investing in yourself (after basic needs of course) may be a wasted future opportunity from missing learns and connects.”
― Richie Norton

“Experience is the teacher of true education.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Momo would have been delighted, except that most of the newcomers had no idea how to play. All they did was sit around looking bored and sullen and watching Momo and her friends. Sometimes they deliberately broke up the other children's games and spoiled everything. Squabbles and scuffles were frequent, though these never lasted long because Momo's presence had its usual effect on the newcomers, too, so they soon started having bright ideas themselves and joining in with a will. The trouble was, new children turned up nearly every day, some of them from distant parts of the city, and one spoilsport was enough to ruin the game for everyone else. But there was another thing that Momo couldn't quite understand - a thing that hadn't happened until very recently. More and more often these days, children turned up with all kind of toys you couldn't really play with: remote-controlled tanks that trundled to and fro but did little else, or space rockets that whizzed around on strings but got nowhere, or model robots that waddled along with eyes flashing and heads swiveling but that was all. They were highly expensive toys such as Momo's friends had never owned, still less than Momo herself. Most noticeable of all, they were so complete, down to the tiniest detail, that they left nothing at all to the imagination. Their owners would spend hours watching them, mesmerized but bored, as they trundled, whizzed, and waddled along. Finally, when that palled, they would go back to the familiar old games in which a couple of cardboard boxes, a torn tablecloth, a molehill or a handful of pebbles were quite sufficient to conjure up a whole world of make believe.”
― Michael Ende, Momo

“To get a true education, going to school is not enough. School helps students gain knowledge; however, true education is in gaining wisdom, which can only be earned with experience.”
― Charbel Tadros

“Religion, culture, education are all things that sound wonderful in theory. In practice, however, they are not so wonderful.”
― Marty Rubin

“The men in grey were powerless to meet this challenge head-on. Unable to detach the children from Momo by bringing them under their direct control, they had to find some roundabout means of achieving the same end, and for this they enlisted the children's elders. Not all grown-ups made suitable accomplices, of course, but plenty did. [....] 'Something must be done,' they said. 'More and more kids are being left on their own and neglected. You can't blame us - parents just don't have the time these days - so it's up to the authorities.' Others joined in the chorus. 'We can't have all these youngsters loafing around, ' declared some. 'They obstruct the traffic. Road accidents caused by children are on the increase, and road accidents cost money that could be put to better use.' 'Unsupervised children run wild, declared others.'They become morally depraved and take to crime. The authorities must take steps to round them up. They must build centers where the youngsters can be molded into useful and efficient members of society.' 'Children,' declared still others, 'are the raw material for the future. A world dependent on computers and nuclear energy will need an army of experts and technicians to run it. Far from preparing children from tomorrow's world, we still allow too many of them to squander years of their precious time on childish tomfoolery. It's a blot on our civilization and a crime against future generations.' The timesavers were all in favor of such a policy, naturally, and there were so many of them in the city by this time that they soon convinced the authorities of the need to take prompt action. Before long, big buildings known as 'child depots' sprang up in every neighborhood. Children whose parents were too busy to look after them had to be deposited there and could be collected when convenient. They were strictly forbidden to play in the streets or parks or anywhere else. Any child caught doing so was immediately carted off to the nearest depot, and its parents were heavily fined. None of Momo's friends escaped the new regulation. They were split up according to districts they came from and consigned to various child depots. Once there, they were naturally forbidden to play games of their own devising. All games were selected for them by supervisors and had to have some useful, educational purpose. The children learned these new games but unlearned something else in the process: they forgot how to be happy, how to take pleasure in the little things, and last but not least, how to dream. Weeks passed, and the children began to look like timesavers in miniature. Sullen, bored and resentful, they did as they were told. Even when left to their own devices, they no longer knew what to do with themselves. All they could still do was make a noise, but it was an angry, ill-tempered noise, not the happy hullabaloo of former times. The men in grey made no direct approach to them - there was no need. The net they had woven over the city was so close-meshed as to seem inpenetrable. Not even the brightest and most ingenious children managed to slip through its toils. The amphitheater remained silent and deserted.”
― Michael Ende, Momo

“Architectural education is notably under-theorised as an underlying discipline, though is clearly intensely theorised as a set of surface actions. It has remained largely unbothered by reformist educational movements such as critical pedagogy, with the result that its central structures and methods have altered little since they were founded in the École des Beaux Arts in the early C19.”
― Nishat Awan, Tatjiana Schneider, Jeremy Till

“Cognitive Intelligence defines a person's personality trait who utilizes critical thinking based on empirical evidence, logics and thorough understanding of the information during an intellectual argument or an educational setting where they acquire brand new concepts.”
― Saaif Alam

“Why, then,' answered the squire, 'I am very sorry you have given him so much learning; for, if he cannot get his living by that, it will rather spoil him for anything else; and your other son, who can hardly write his name, will do more at ploughing and sowing, and is in a better condition, than he.' And indeed so it proved; for the poor lad, not finding friends to maintain him in his learning, as he had expected, and being unwilling to work, fell to drinking, though he was a very sober lad before; and in a short time, partly with grief, and partly with good liquor, fell into a consumption, and died.”
― Henry Fielding, Joseph Andrews

“Wonder begets culture, which begets yet more wonder, and the end of wonder is wisdom, which is the state of perpetual wonder.”
― Neel Burton, Heaven and Hell: The Psychology of the Emotions

“At no point in history has a bright young girl with plenty of food and a good constitution perished from too much learning.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, The Signature of All Things

“Our current education system was created in the late 1800s and early 1900s, and was modeled after the new factories of the industrial revolution. Public schools, set up to supply the factories with a skilled labor force, crammed education into a relatively small number of years. We have tried to pack more and more in while extending schooling up to age 24 or 25, for some segments of the population. In general, such an approach still reflects factory thinking—get your education now and get it efficiently, in classrooms in lockstep fashion. Unfortunately, most people learn in those classrooms to hate education for the rest of their lives.

The factory system doesn't work in the modern world, because two years after graduation, whatever you learned is out of date. We need education spread over a lifetime, not jammed into the early years—except for such basics as reading, writing, and perhaps citizenship. Past puberty, education needs to be combined in interesting and creative ways with work. The factory school system no longer makes sense.”
― Robert Epstein

“We are the First Generation that can End Global Extreme Poverty. One of the Ways is by Investing in Education”
― David Sikhosana, Time Value of Money: Timing Income

“پاکستان کے دس پندرہ بڑے شہروں سے نکل جائیں تو احساس ہوتا ہے کہ چھوٹے شہروں میں رہنے والے لوگ تیسری دنیا میں نہیں دسویں بارھویں دنیا میں رہتے ہیں۔وہاں تو لوگوں کے پاس نہ روزگار ہے، نہ سہولتیں۔ وہ اپنی آدھی زندگی خواہش میں گزارتے ہیں اور آدھی حسرت میں مبتلا ہو کر۔ کون سی اخلاقیات سکھا سکتے ہیں آپ اُس شخص کو جس کا دن سوکھی روٹی سے شروع ہوتا ہے اور فاقے پر ختم ہو جاتا ہے اور ہم۔۔۔۔۔۔ہم لوگوں کی بھوک مٹانے کے بجائے مسجدوں پر مسجدیں تعمیر کرتے ہیں۔عالی شان مسجدیں، پرشکوہ مسجدیں، ماربل سے آرستہ مسجدیں۔ بعض دفعہ تو ایک ہی سڑک پہ دس دس مسجدیں کھڑی ہوتی ہیں۔ نمازیوں سے خالی مسجدیں۔
اس ملک میں اِتنی مسجدیں ہوچکی ہیں کہ اگر پورا پاکستان ایک وقت کی نماز کے کے لئے مسجدوں میں اکھٹا ہوجاۓ تو بھی بہت سی مسجدیں خالی رہ جائیں گی۔ میں مسجدیں بنانے پر یقین نہیں رکھتا جہاں لوگ بھوک سے خودکشیاں کرتے پھر رہے ہوں جہاں کچھ خاص طبقوں کی پوری پوری نسل جہالت کی اندھیروں میں بھٹکتی پھر رہی ہو وہاں مسجد کے بجائے مدرسے کی ضرورت ہے۔اسکول کی ضرورت ہے،تعلیم اور شعور ہوگا اور رزق کمانے کے مواقع تو اللہ سے محبت ہوگی ورنہ صرف شکوہ ہی ہوگا۔”
― Umera Ahmed, پیر کامل

“When you judge another, you judge a child of God, and when you condemn another, you condemn your Heavenly Father.”
― Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.

“Thus the continuation of the master tutor and willing servant students, the privileging of the visual, the inculcation of absurd modes of behaviour (sleep deprivation, aggressive defensiveness, internal competition), the raising of individuals on to pedestals, all these and more self-perpetuate in schools of architecture around the world, a strange form of interbreeding with tutors passing the architectural gene to students who in turn become tutors who perform the same rituals.”
― Nishat Awan, Spatial Agency: Other Ways of Doing Architecture

“All I want is an education, and I am afraid of no one.”
― Malala Yousafzai

“Your knowledge of failure is the way for the new phase of it!”
― Hesham Nebr

“Talking to people is the most educational thing I know.”
― Marty Rubin

“As a leader, when people in your social cricle says or acts creepy unintentionally, you should inform them about their innapropriate behavior and properly give some positive advise on how to improve their ethics which can result them to form healthier social bonds with you and others. However, if you passively reject people acting creepy instead of lending positive influence , it does not exhibit a true charecteristic of an open minded leader because they will eventually realize that you care about only fame, dignity and/ or wealth.”
― Saaif Alam

“If you cannot buy yourself a coat, buy yourself a book, latter your book will buy you a coat. Knowledge is only available for the wise.”
― Osunsakin Adewale

“I don't have anything to give you, except to show you a way to better yourself.”
― Kien Nguyen, The Unwanted: A Memoir of Childhood

“The educational policy he considers the most important isn't "what river you live in" but "How You swim in the river you live in".”
― Yūsei Matsui, 暗殺教室 18 [Ansatsu Kyoushitsu 18]

“Read, read.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Knowledge is kindness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Understanding also comes in different ways according to beliefs and misbeliefs”
― Shiran Chathuka

“If you are open to life’s lessons and do not feed on beliefs and prejudices, you are like a blank sheet of paper on which God writes his messages to you in holy ink.”
― Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.

“A man can be rich as long as he reads.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Consciousness is reflected in the word like the sun in a drop of water.
Lev Vygotsky--Thought and Language”
― Vygotsky

“The real plague is willful ignorance and education can't cure that.”
― Marty Rubin

“Ah, heavens and earth, friend, if you had made the acquiring of ignorance the study of your life, you could not have graduated with higher honor than you could to-day.”
― Mark Twain, Collected Tales, Sketches, Speeches & Essays, 2 Vols

“The teacher is of course an artist, but being an artist does not mean that he or she can make the profile, can shape the students. What an educator does in teaching is to make it possible for the students to become themselves.”
― Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed

“Learning, empowering, studying, practicing, and not repeating the same mistakes will help you move forward, move up, and move on to where you want to be.”
― Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music

“If you don’t know your tendencies and can’t analyze when you are most effective, then how can you get the most done in the least amount of time with the best results?”
― Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music

“inplanttraininginchennai.net
OneYes Technologies offers Best InPlant Training in Chennai for BSC / BE / BCA / MCA / B-Tech / MBA and Diploma Students with complete practical session. We conduct InPlant Training(IPT) with real time experience.”
― Vadivelu

“You are worthy. Don’t be lazy.”
― Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams

“Experience is a necessary education.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If people heavily rely on innovations that contain artificial intelligence, they would end up losing their own critical thinking and creativity skills to complete educational and/or job related tasks, which would result them to lose credibility when the work gets accomplished.”
― Saaif Alam

“With all the multi-tiered interventions, assessment software, aligned textbooks, digital content, and scripted curriculum available to the field, some might question if the role of the teacher is significant in today’s schools. Does it really matter who is leading the classroom? The answer to this question is a resounding YES!”
― Oran Tkatchov, Success for Every Student: A Guide to Teaching and Learning

“Whoever desire to learn, shall delight in reading.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Every good education system must give a very good account of the past and its lessons, nurture the minds of the present learners in an innovative and creative way for the best today’s life through the good and the bad times, and also lay a solid foundation for the unborn generation.”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“When the true history fades, ask education and the unbiased story tellers”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“It’s quite possible that mortality is simply the result of poor education.”
― Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum

“If we do not fix education in Africa, we are heading for monumental economic disaster.”
― Mmanti Umoh

“Learning is the process of making ideas, while studying is the process of using those ideas.”
― Solitude's Friend

“Experience is a sacred education.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Experience everything.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If you stop learning, you forget what you ready know.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Your education is your life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You can only write well, what you have experienced.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A primitive education can only create primitive generations! An outdated mentality will produce merely an outdated minds! The door of the future is closed for such archaic residuals from the pre-modern time of social evolution!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Türk eğitim sistemi eğitmez, öğretir. Bizler eğitilmedik, öğretildik. Toplumca, cahilliğimiz bu yüzdendir.”
― Mustafa İslamoğlu, Yürek Devleti

“The question must be asked: have we been the beneficiaries or the victims of our education?”
― Marty Rubin

“Step into the light and create your own shadow.”
― r. A. bentinck

“Knowledge is just a foundation. The whole point of a foundation is to build on it.”
― Marty Rubin

“Everyone is pretty good at learning. Very few are good at doing.”
― Richie Norton

“When she asked George what way she could best apply it for him, he answered, "Give me an education, Emily; that has always been my heart's desire. Then, I can do all the rest.”
― Stowe Harriet Elizabeth Beecher, Uncle Tom's Cabin

“Based on the physiological researches there is a connection between self confidence and the person’s professional efficiency, and his ability to fix his mistakes and failures.
And pedagogical studies suggest to teachers to deal with their students as partners in the educational process, and not only as the part targeted to be educated.”
― Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi

“Like playing cards in the hands of an unprofessional player, the school activities papers are scattered lacking the connection between them and the upper educational goals.
And like the playing cards scatter all around the place when played by amateurs who don’t know the rules of the game, the school activities spread in time and place leaving behind them a crowded painting full of colors and lines that don’t show the watcher that it was painted by a professional drawer who mastered the lines and colors in his complicated piece.”
― Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi

“Let your only graduation be in the grave.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The trouble with being educated is that it takes a long time; it uses up the better part of your life and when you are finished what you know is that you would have benefited more by going into banking.”
― Philip K. Dick, The Transmigration of Timothy Archer

“How could you renew your mind, if you never read?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“In the West, people learn through the Socratic tradition. The education system was influenced by Western philosophy and is based on constantly questioning the knowledge that’s handed to you and arriving at the truth through that process of questioning. The Indian system took off from the Guru-Shishyha tradition in which your virtue as a student lay in taking tradition or parampara as it is given to you and passing it on to the next generation in the exact same way.”
― Sharanya Haridas

“In spite of this, there is no doubt that the modern European and American system of universal education suffered from serious defects. In the first place, the achievement of universality was purchased by the substitution of quantitative for qualitative standards. Education was accepted as a good in itself and the main question was how to increase the total output: how to teach more and more people more and more subjects for longer and longer periods. But in proportion as education became universal, it became cheapened. Instead of being regarded as the privilege of a few it became a compulsory routine for everybody.”
― Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe

“I always returned from my travels with new books.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Without failure, there is no success.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“What you read renew your mind.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You can learn to write by writing.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Every great endeavour is fueled by great enthusiasm.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Ignorance is the deepest sin of dark doom.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If education is the key, then the teacher is the hand that holds the key! How can the key alone open a door? We must always care for teachers!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Education leans on teaching; teaching cannot be without the teacher!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Mr. Polly went into the National School at six and he left the private school at fourteen, and by that time his mind was in much the same state that you would be in, dear reader, if you were operated upon for appendicitis by a well-meaning, boldly enterprising, but rather over-worked and under-paid butcher boy, who was superseded towards the climax of the operation by a left-handed clerk of high principles but intemperate habits,—that is to say, it was in a thorough mess.”
― H.G. Wells, The History of Mr. Polly

“Death has been said to be the leveller in that it does not recognize one’s class, race,
ethnicity or nationality. Death does not look at the face before it strikes; it pays no
attention to one’s beliefs or outlook to issues in life. Death has often been said to be
inevitable. So it is glaring that for as long as people are born, people are bound to die
someday but how man dies is a huge mystery.”
― Remi Akujobi

“I always return from my travels with new books.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“...the establishment of a universal system of public education inevitably changed the relations of education to the state.

It is this above all else which has caused the mind of our society to lose its independence, so that there is no power left outside politics to guide modern civilization, when the politicians go astray. For in proportion as education becomes controlled by the state, it becomes nationalized, and in extreme cases the servant of a political party.”
― Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe

“For the immense extension of the scale of education and its ramification into a hundred specialisms and technical disciplines has left the state as the only unifying element in the whole system. In the past the traditional system of classical education provided a commo intellectual background and a common scale of values which transcended national and political frontiers and formed the European or Western republic of letters of which every scholar was a citizen.”
― Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe

“...the more widely we extend the range of education, the more necessary it is to provide some principle of cohesion to counterbalance the centrifugal tendencies of specialization and utilitarianism.”
― Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe

“...education has always meant the initiation of the young into the social and spiritual inheritance of the community: in other words, education has meant the transmission of culture.”
― Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe

“Classical education was only half the old system of European education--below it and above it there was the religious education that was common to the whole people, and the higher theological education that was peculiar to the clergy, who provided the majority of the teachers in both the other departments of education.

Now the lowest level of this structure, which has been least studied and least regarded, was the most important of them all. It is true that it differed considerably in different parts of Europe, but for the religious rather than material reasons. In Protestant Europe it was founded on the Bible and the catechism, whereas in Catholic Europe it was based on the liturgy and on religious art and drama and mime, which made the Church the school of the people. But in either case it provided a system of common beliefs and moral standards, as well as the archetypal patterns of world history and sacred story which formed the background of their spiritual world.”
― Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe

“Imagination is a sacred intuition.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Nothing gets easy. It is just that you understand how it is and how it works. Nothing its difficult its just that you dont understand it and dont know how it works. Understanding something it means taking time to learn it and practising it.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“The obvious difficulty that has prevented the study of European culture becoming a part of the regular curriculum of studies is its vastness and its complexity. The great advantage of classical education was the fact that it involved the study of only two languages and two literatures and histories. But European culture has produced about twenty vernacular literatures, and its history is spread out among an even larger number of political communities. At first sight it is an unmanageable proposition and we can understand how educationalists have so often come to acquiesce in a cultural nationalism which at least saved them from being overwhelmed by a multiplicity of strange tongues and unknown literatures. But the true method, it seems to me, is rather to find the consitutive factors of the European community and to make them the basis of our study.
This means reversing the traditional nationalist approach which concentrated the student's attention on the distinctive characteristics of the national cultures and disregarded or passed lightly over the features that they shared in common. It means also that we should have to devote much more attention to the religious development, since it was in religion that Europe found its original basis of unity.”
― Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe

“Imagination is the sacred intuition.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Catholic education and law schools provide me with a lot of miserable people as psychotherapy clients. I should be grateful. These people are looking for rescue from their education.”
― Brad Blanton, Radical Honesty : How to Transform Your Life by Telling the Truth

“The education profession cannot bear but success. Failing in it is just a proof of poor visions, or lack of educational efficiencies. Both should be excluded from the educational work that should be protected from any barrier that would block its way, and would deprive the generation from getting the overall upbringing that should build a solid relationship between the students and knowledge.”
― Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi

“If You want to be an educated person follow nobody, but learn from everybody”
― Jan Jansen Easy Branches

“In the educational domain, searching for depth, value, benefit and mark are matters that need to be the absolute priorities. There is no other option that explains neglecting them and caring about other matters that are only sparkling and have a bright that would soon fade, since they have no basis to support them, nor roots to protect them, nor shadow laying on earth for them.”
― Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi

“The educators pride of their profession opens the space to more giving that knows no limitation, and it is a demand that is forced by things nature, and a logic that is required by the profession reality to every organization that wants success and chooses winning by making sure that all of their employees has this effective spirit.”
― Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi

“Never justify someones wrong action, without them apologizing first & admitting their wrongs. If you do. You are not making them better, but you are making them worse on the bad things they do.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Not everyone in school is learning. Not everyone learning is in school”
― Saji Ijiyemi

“In this day and age, nobody can learn more than a sliver of all there is to know. Why force everyone to learn the same sliver?”
― Peter O. Gray

“Man rejection of the Truth is the root of his rebellion.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Education is a means, not an end. We don't enroll in formal education ad nauseam as a way of escaping life. Rather, we educate ourselves in order to become equipped to respond wisely to God's calling.”
― Ken Wytsma, Pursuing Justice: The Call to Live and Die for Bigger Things

“Experience is the only subject worthwhile of study.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The greatest KNOWLEDGE is the knowledge of GOD.”
― Lailah Gifty, Akita

“The truest knowledge is the fear of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The only education is enlightenment.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“But I have believed always and taught always that what God demands from man is his utmost effort to cooperate and understand. I have taught the imagination, first and most; I have made knowledge, knowledge of what man is and what man's world is and what man may be, which is the adventure of mankind, the substance of all my teaching.”
― H.G. Wells, The Undying Fire

“...young people know very little about themselves and their abilities. When the day comes on which they discover their real strong points and their weaknesses, it is often to late. They have usually been drawn into the current of a particular vocation, and have given too much energy to the preparation for a specific achievement to change the whole life-plan once more. The entire scheme of education gives to the individual little chance to find himself.”
― Hugo Munsterberg, Psychology and Industrial Efficiency

“The holy knowledge is the fear of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The greatest discovery is to be founded by God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Justice doesn't have a finish line, and neither does education. We never reach a point where we cannot learn, where ceasing to learn would make us, or the world, better. It takes perseverance to walk the road of justice, and we cannot know where or when--or if--it will end for us.”
― Ken Wytsma, Pursuing Justice: The Call to Live and Die for Bigger Things

“Every man wants to be appreciated, so do not just commend your secretary, commend your wife at home too
The world judges people by money and status in the society, educational achievements, even racial background, this is unfortunate.”
― Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth

“Education without the knowledge of the Holy One is the darkest doom.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“No one cultivates in a stony-ground, instead he cultivates in a soft-rich ground. Do not expect people to invest in you if you're a lazy type.”
― Godspower Oparaugo, The Power of Decision: Your Destiny Lies in Your Decisions

“People naturally want to make sense of their world. That, to Greenberg, is the essence of human curiosity. As they strive to answer questions that truly interest them, people are automatically motivated to use any resources that help them to address those questions. But the questions that interest one person do not necessarily interest another, and the resources that are helpful to one are not necessarily helpful to another.”
― Peter O. Gray

“Shetani lengo lake ni kutawala dunia. Huwezi kutawala dunia bila elimu!”
― Enock Maregesi

“Inavyoonekana, kadiri mtu anavyozidi kupata elimu ndivyo anavyozidi kudharau uwepo wa Shetani na uwepo wa Mungu pia. Lakini, kwa upande mwingine, ndivyo anavyoonekana hajasoma sana na ndivyo Shetani anavyozidi kulaumiwa kwa kila dhambi inayotendeka. Kuna elimu ya kidunia na kuna elimu ya kidini. Huwezi kutawala dunia bila elimu ya kidunia, kwa sababu Shetani anajua ukiipata elimu hiyo hutajua kama yupo; na huwezi kutawala dunia bila elimu ya kidini, kwa sababu Mungu anajua ukiipata elimu hiyo utajua kama yupo. Hivyo, utamdharau Mungu ukipata elimu ya kidunia, utamheshimu Mungu ukipata elimu ya kidini.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Kama Shetani anatumia elimu kutawala dunia kama vile Mungu anavyotumia elimu kutawala dunia, nani alisema kuwa baadhi ya wasanii wa ‘Bongo Movie’ na ‘Bongo Flava’ ni wanachama wa chama cha siri cha kusaidiana cha wajenzi huru? Je, wana elimu? Jibu unalo.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Shetani ni mjanja sana. Anajua bila elimu hataweza kutawala dunia, baada ya mpango wa Mungu kukamilika. Anajua, mtu akipata elimu ni rahisi sana kujua kama Shetani hayupo. Hivyo Shetani atatimiza malengo yake bila watu kujua.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Elimu ni ufunguo wa maisha lakini wengine funguo zao zina kutu!”
― Enock Maregesi

“Suddenly, I was plunged back into an avid learning environment, starting at the bottom and working my way painstakingly up the mountain. The thrill of learning and accomplishing stimulated me so much that the work was pleasurable.”
― Danielle Ofri, What Doctors Feel: How Emotions Affect the Practice of Medicine

“I do not consider my deeds or my knowledge to be a great thing. The only fact is — and I can say this honestly — that I love learning and a solitary life.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Selected Writings of Christine de Pizan

“In chaos is where learning happens the most.”
― Tarun Sharma

“Knowledge perpetuates luck and luck perpetuates knowledge”
― Zakhaddin Khalidov

“The only good knowledge is the knowledge of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Solution to every long term problem is education.
Solution to every short term problem is a smile.”
― Mahrukh

“You can only learn to read by reading.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Children are no longer being parented, but are raised. Thats why they don't have morals, ethics,humanity and manners, because their parents neglected them. We now live in a
society that doesnt care about right or wrong.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“We awaken by asking the right questions.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“When people support you when you have done something wrong. It doesnt mean you are right, but it means those people are promoting their hate , bad behavior or living their bad lives through you.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Among other possibilities, money was invented to make it possible for a foolish man to control wise men; a weak man, strong men; a child, old men; an ignorant man, knowledgeable men; and for a dwarf to control giants.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children

“YOU ARE JUST

You are not just for the right or left,
but for what is right over the wrong.
You are not just rich or poor,
but always wealthy in the mind and heart.
You are not perfect, but flawed.
You are flawed, but you are just.
You may just be conscious human,
but you are also a magnificent
reflection of God.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If a free people is going to be reproduced, it will require watering and revivifying and owning anew older traditions and awaking the curiosity in the soul of each citizen. National greatness will not be recovered via a mindless expansion of bureaucratized schooling. Seventy years ago, Dorothy Sayers wrote, 'Sure, we demand another grant of money, we postpone the school leaving age and plan to build bigger and better schools. We demand that teachers further slave conscientiously in and out of school hours. But to what end? I believe,' Sayers lamented, 'all this devoted effort is largely frustrated because we have no definable goal for each child to become a fully formed adult. We have lost the tools of learning, sacrificing them to the piecemeal, subject matter approach of bureaucratized schooling that finally compromises to produce passive rather than active emerging adults. But our kids are not commodities, they are plants. They require a protected environment, and care, and feeding, but most basically, an internal yearning to grow toward the sunlight. What we need is the equipping of each child with those lost tools.”
― Ben Sasse, The Vanishing American Adult: Our Coming-of-Age Crisis—and How to Rebuild a Culture of Self-Reliance

“Some women think being arrogant, selfish, bitter and looking down on others are qualities of being an Independent, strong, powerful and successful business women. No matter how high you are in life. Never look down on others and never forget humanity.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“We are the witnesses of a barely perceptible transformation in ordinary language: verbs which formerly expressed satisfying actions have been replaced by nouns which name packages designed for passive consumption only -- 'to learn' becomes 'to accumulate credits'.”
― Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies

“Pedagogy is always about power, because it cannot be separated from how subjectives are formed, desires mobilized, how some experiences are legitimized and others are not, or how some knowledge is considered acceptable while other forms are excluded from the curriculum.”
― Henry A. Giroux, America at War with Itself

“It is impossible for an uneducated man to rebel.”
― Paul Bamikole

“I am pain stricken to say that, various “educational” institutions have adopted the medieval doctrine "fear of the lord is the beginning of wisdom" as their motto. Let me tell you this, fear of the Lord, Santa Claus, Krishna, Thor, Hulk or any other imaginary being brings merely the illusion of wisdom, not wisdom. And illusion of wisdom is a billion times more harmful than lack of wisdom.”
― Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission

“I dont celebrate any friendship that was build on hate, because we share the common enemy.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Education is the realization of hope for the future.”
― Victor Tam

“The greatest innovators and history makers of our world were not great because of the formal school system but because of self-development through the proper investment and conversation of time.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“Another distraction that deviates people from their God given purpose and calling is the distraction of job and formal education.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“But if I'm useless only because I haven't been properly educated, is that my fault?”
― Richard Aldington, Women Must Work

“Today, one must either be isolated and cut off, or a carefully guarded, affluent drop-out, to allow one's children to play in an environment where they listen to people rather than to stars, speakers, or instructors. All over the world, one can see the rapid encroachment of the disciplined acquiescence that characterizes the audience, the client, the customer.”
― Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies

“We do many things carelessly or unwillingly, but nothing studiously unless we are willing and apply ourselves.”
― Peter Abelard

“What women want as a class is irrelevant. I want to know about Aristotle. It is true that most women care nothing about him, and a great many male undergraduates turn pale and faint at the thought of him-but I, eccentric individual that I am, do want to know about Aristotle, and I submit that there is nothing in my shape or bodily functions which need prevent my knowing about him.”
― Dorothy L. Sayers

“In truth, the history of political thought is an end in itself, the highest peak of political education. The crowning achievement of political knowledge, it will be argued in these pages, consists precisely in the ability to partake of the visions of man, society and the state to be found in the writings of our most eminent thinkers, in the ability to enjoy political 'conversation' at its highest level and in its longest historical expanse. This ability is not (or not obviously) an 'aid' to any other aspect of the study of politics, and it should not be construed as one; on the contrary, it is these other aspects (institutions and behaviour for example) which should be seen as so many intellectual aids facilitating our comprehension of the history of political thought.”
― Robert Nandor Berki, The History Of Political Thought: A Short Introduction

“There is only One holy Knowledge, the excellent knowledge of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Our government says people must not take law in their own hands, But has given the law in the hands of people who in power. That is why people who are in power are always corrupt, arrogant, violent, Aggressive, selfish, and don't care about anyone. They get away with all the bad things they do that Is criminating unlawful and injustice”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“If you have influence on other people. Dont be influenced by their hate, money, jealousy, anger and popularity .”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“El hecho es que el ordenador está aquí para quedarse y los niños saben utilizarlo y nosotros no. Incluso el lenguaje.”
― Tom Sharpe, Wilt On High

“One act of a kind deed is better than thousand words of knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“What matter most is to complete the journey.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Daily reading is vital for own self development.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Let us reason according to the Scriptures.”
― Laiah Gifty Akita

“There is far, far more to being human than any of us can become on our own.”
― Ronald R. Johnson, Small World

“The real certificate is to know Jesus Christ.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“All thought is a feat of association.”
― Robert Frost

“If you don't read books, and if you don't get consumed by the physical and moral life of men and women in fiction and history, too many facets of yourself may never come into being.”
― David Denby, Lit Up: One Reporter. Three Schools. Twenty-four Books That Can Change Lives.

“A student should not be taught more than he can think about.”
― Alfred North Whitehead

“American attitudes toward teachers are frankly incoherent. We want outstanding people to enter the field but provide little incentive to do so. We expect teachers to be able to educate every child, including one for whom the obstacles to learning originate outside the school. They should be able to do this without adequate training, having figured it out on their own.”
― Mark Seidenberg, Language at the Speed of Sight

“A library is treasure chamber of knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The act of reading is skill that can be cultivated.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If there is knowledge we shall seek, we must search for the excellent knowledge of Christ Jesus.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Whoever holds the keys to house of knowledge, must open the door, for those who search for light of knowledge to enter.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The key to knowledge is the kingdom of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“What I must know, only the Master teaches!”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A library is chamber of treasures.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The joy of reading is grace of renewal of mind.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To read is to renew thy mind.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If you wish to renew your mind, read.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I had a renewal of mind, when I begin to read.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Experience is the truest education.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I am thankful to my teachers who taught me how to read.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The real education never ends. It is a cycle of reading, thinking and writing.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The real education never ends.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Education is a cycle of reading, thinking and writing.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The wisdom of God is what we ought to seek.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A person who has clean ears can act and communicate with people more maturely than others who use their big mouth all the time because he or she can thouroughly understand other people's perspectives unlike people with big mouths.”
― Saaif Alam

“She was not an unkind woman, despite a lifetime of being gently dried out on the stove of education, but she was conscientious and a stickler for propriety and thought she knew how this sort of thing should go and was vaguely annoyed that it wasn't going.”
― Terry Pratchett, Soul Music

“My education taught me a lot, but nothing I needed to learn.”
― Marty Rubin

“Every now and then, I'm lucky enough to teach a kindergarten or first-grade class. Many of these children are natural-born scientists -
although heavy on the wonder side, and light on skepticism. They're curious, intellectually vigorous. Provocative and insightful questions bubble out of them. They exhibit enormous enthusiasm. I'm asked follow-up questions. They've never heard of the notion of a 'dumb question'.
But when I talk to high school seniors, I find something different. They memorize 'facts'. By and large, though, the joy of discovery, the life behind those facts has gone out of them. They've lost much of the wonder and gained very little skepticism. They're worried about asking 'dumb' questions; they are willing to accept inadequate answers, they don't pose follow-up questions, the room is awash with sidelong glances to judge, second-by-second, the approval of their peers. They come to class with their questions written out on pieces of paper, which they surreptitiously examine, waiting their turn and oblivious of whatever discussion their peers are at this moment engaged in.
Something has happened between first and twelfth grade. And it's not just puberty. I'd guess that it's partly peer pressure not to excel - except in sports, partly that the society teaches short-term gratification, partly the impression that science or mathematics won't buy you a sports car, partly that so little is expected of students, and partly that there are few rewards or role-models for intelligent discussion of science and technology - or even for learning for it's own sake. Those few who remain interested are vilified as nerds or geeks or grinds. But there's something else. I find many adults are put off when young children pose scientific questions. 'Why is the Moon round?', the children ask. 'Why is grass green?', 'What is a dream?', 'How deep can you dig a hole?', 'When is the world's birthday?', 'Why do we have toes?'. Too many teachers and parents answer with irritation, or ridicule, or quickly move on to something else. 'What did you expect the Moon to be? Square?' Children soon recognize that somehow this kind of question annoys the grown-ups. A few more experiences like it, and another child has been lost to science.”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“Speaking is like conducting an orchestra; but instead of music, you are directing emotions.”
― Anthony Eldridge Rogers

“I no longer believe that the current education system is able to equip our children for a fast-moving future. Technology has evolved so rap-idly in the last five years that to put a child in an education system that was designed for a future that will most likely no longer exist for the majority, seems almost absurd.”
― Lehla Eldridge, JUMP, FALL, FLY From Schooling to Homeschooling to Unschooling

“In large States public education will always be extremely mediocre, for the same reason that in large kitchens the cooking is at best only mediocre.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human: A Book for Free Spirits

“An uncorked kid to me is an expression as to who they truly are and isn't it that that as adults we strive to achieve throughout our whole lives?”
― Lehla Eldridge, JUMP, FALL, FLY From Schooling to Homeschooling to Unschooling

“It is better to be kind than to seek much knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Real education doesn't make your life easy. It complicates things and makes everything messy and disturbing. But the alternative, Elloren Gardner, is to live your life based on injustice and lies.”
― Laurie Forest, The Black Witch

“Let them learn at school whatever they learn to pass the examinations, but at home let the education that you provide be the kind that widens their perceptions and takes away the germs of prejudices that infect them while they are out in the world.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting

“Higher education-I wonder how much longer the deception can go on.”
― Marty Rubin

“Mundane education is regrettably prosaic," - Jace Lightwood-Herondale”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire

“Always choose the most difficult way, there you will not meet competitors.”
― Charles de Gaulle

“For me, all those systematic Bureaucracies of traditional schools jaded me. For me, I still couldn’t understand why we have to have a factory style education for children living in the 21st century. Why hold them in place, asking them to read and repeat and giving them a number of tasks to finish? I still have no idea how exams and objective assessments could measure human behavior or intelligence. Is it some kind of barcoding human aptitude? Is it ethical anyway?”
― Neda Aria, Ideo: The Bitter Recipes of the Truth

“But as we all know, rock ‘n’ roll will never die, and education too, as Henry Adams always sez, keeps going on forever.”
― Thomas Pynchon, Slow Learner: Early Stories

“I finally understood that I didn’t lack pen and paper but my own
memorizing mind. It had been given away with a hundred poems, called
rote learning, old-fashioned, backward, an enemy of creative thinking,
a great human gift disowned.”
― Grace Paley, Just As I Thought

“Education attainment is a kind of achievement that nobody can seize from us as the assets we own in our regular lives because we earned it with the use of our own knowledge and creativity.”
― Saaif Alam

“There is a deeper point to be made here, however, having to do with the specificity of everything. One of the great failings of our culture is the nearly universal belief that there can be anything universal. We as a culture take the same approach to living in Phoenix as in Seattle as in Miami, to the detriment of all these landscapes. We turn wild trees to standardized two-by-fours. We turn living fish into fish sticks. But every fish is different from every other fish. Every student is different from every other student. Every place is different from every other place. If we are ever to hope to begin to live sustainably in place (which is the only way to live sustainably), we will have to remember specificity is everything.”
― Derrick Jensen, Walking on Water: Reading, Writing, and Revolution

“Suatu Bangsa Tidak Akan Maju Sebelum Ada Diantara Bangsa itu Segologan Guru yang Suka Berkorban Untuk Keperluan Bangsanya.”
― Mohammad Natsir

“How shortsighted and how uncultured, then, are the efforts of believers in Christ when they seek for snatches of worldly culture for themselves by placing themselves, as they think, on common ground with those who are not believers in Christ. How dishonoring to their Christ if they allow that any culture endures unless it be because of the power of his resurrection in the world. If you have been taken out of the miry clay, do you jump back into it because of some glistening objects that you see in it? Do you run back into the house now almost burned to the ground in order to save your silverware? It is only those who are believers in Christ that will inherit the earth and all the fulness thereof.”
― Cornelius Van Til, Essays on Christian Education

“This question of grades being coercive, and of politics being inherent in teaching, applies not only to writing, but to all fields. Mathematics, science, economics, history, religion, are all just as deeply and necessarily political. To believe they’re not—to believe, for example, that science (or mathematics, economics, history, religion, and so forth: choose your poison) describes the world as it is, rather than acting as a filter that removes all information that does not fit the model and colors the information that remains—is in itself to take a position, one that is all the more powerful and dangerous because it is invisible to the one who holds it.”
― Derrick Jensen, Walking on Water: Reading, Writing, and Revolution

“Over a hundred German scientists arrived here [Huntsville] at eleven o’clock on an April morning and by nightfall more than sixty had applied for cards at the free library.”
― James A. Michener, Space

“Proper education is the key for us to posses strong civic values, refined knowledge, and career readiness.”
― Saaif Alam

“Creativity is a unique characteristics that a person can posses from his or her own knowledge when he or she is creating changes in society that can benefit a vast amount of people.”
― Saaif Alam

“Someone asked me once at a talk why I so stress the positive with my students yet am such an unstinting critic of those who run our culture and who are killing the planet. I answered immediately, “Power. If I’ve got power or authority over someone, it’s my responsibility to use that only to help them. It’s my job to accept and praise them into becoming who they are.”
― Derrick Jensen, Walking on Water: Reading, Writing, and Revolution

“For me, all those systematic Bureaucracies of traditional schools jaded me. For me, I still I couldn’t understand why we have to have a factory style education for children living in the 21st century. Why hold them in place, asking them to read and repeat and giving them a number of tasks to finish? I still have no idea how exams and objective assessments could measure human behavior or intelligence. Is it some kind of barcoding human aptitude? Is it ethical anyway?”
― Neda Aria

“Education is the antidote to many poisons.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Keep in mind my friend, if an answer is not rational, then it is not an answer, but a delusion.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting

“To live is to learn.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If we have no form of cognitive learning, our knowledge is empty with the absence of words in our mind for us to speak read and write in the language we communicate to others in our daily lives. Also, we will not have the ability to mature ourselves emotionally and physically , which can prevent us from living in a healthy life, if cognitive leaning does not take place at all in our lives.”
― Saaif Alam

“We have to embrace the values of morality and proper education in order to gain respect from the majority of the people who dwell in our community.”
― Saaif Alam

“Training is a necessary tool.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A child today, an adult tomorrow.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“What is worth to know,can only be experienced.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“What is essence of knowledge, if it does not change the way we act?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The knowledge of God is a sacred pursuit.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The God is our greatest Teacher.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A person is a scholar as long as he seeks knowledge. Once he thinks he knows, only then he becomes an ignorant.”
― Prophet Mohammed

“Ignorance is the root of many ills. Knowledge must be the fundamental ally of nations that aspire, despite all their tragedies and problems, to become truly emancipated, to build a better world.”
― Fidel Castro, My Life: A Spoken Autobiography

“For the sole true end of education is simply this: to teach men how to learn for themselves; and whatever instruction fails to do this is effort spent in vain.”
― Dorothy L. Sayers

“True. The school admin decided that a girls clothes were more important than her education.”
― Svetlana Chmakova, Brave

“What we ought to know we never be taught in the classroom.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To learn, we must first listen.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Real education is never acquisition of knowledge but training of character.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Human nature in time is engraved in history.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“My parents didn't settle for the lives their parents lived. They stepped out and up, my father lying his way into the Navy when he was too young to enlist, my mother marrying this fugitive from the mills when she was too young for marriage. A smart guy, he took every course the Navy offered, aced them all, becoming the youngest chief warrant officer in the service. After Pearl Harbor the Navy needed line officers fast and my dad was suddenly wearing gold stripes.
My mother watched and learned, getting good at the ways of this new world. She dressed beautifully. Our quarters were always handsomely fitted out. She and Dad were gracious, well-spoken.
They were far from rich, but there were books and there was music and sometimes conversations about the world. We even listened to the Metropolitan Opera broadcasts on Saturdays.
Still, when I finished high school, their attitudes and the times said that there was little point in further educating a girl. I would take a clerical job until I could find the right junior officer to marry and pursue his career, as helpmeet. If I picked well and worked hard, I might someday be an admiral's wife.”
― Ann Medlock

“The world of books is the only paradise there is.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Too much study depletes the soul of its strength.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“History is the hallmark of humanity.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Meditation is the energy of the mind,”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Since in early youth it cannot be known what ends are likely to occur to us in the course of life, parents seek to have their children taught a great many things, and provide for their skill in the use of means for all sorts of arbitrary ends, of none of which can they determine whether it may not perhaps hereafter be an object to determine their pupil, but which it is at all events possible that he might aim at; and this anxiety is so great that they commonly neglect to form and correct their judgement on the value of the things which may be chosen as ends.”
― Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals

“We as ambitious human beings can maintain self respect by influencing ourselves to behave as civil human beings and focus on our long term goals by not allowing others to take advantage of our lives.”
― Saaif Alam

“You must do much work to fulfill your dream.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“History define humanity.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The real education is the reality of how well you live life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We must cultivate our heads. But nurture our hearts.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Critics must use clear facts and an insightful cognitive paradigm to back up their argument if they want to negate other people's thoughts and opinions about a specific person, place,and/or situation. If they use that strategy to make an counterargument with their opponents, they can always defend their position in a regular verbal dispute or a debate.”
― Saaif Alam

“Living life is sacred education.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Life is education, it only end in death.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I am concerned only with the proper training of the mind to encounter and deal with the formidable mass of undigested problems presented to it by the modern world. For the tools of learning are the same, in any and every subject; and the person who knows how to use them will, at any age, get the mastery of a new subject in half the time and with a quarter of the effort expended by the person who has not the tools at his command.”
― Dorothy L. Sayers

“It is particularly important to note that, in a democracy, education has never been concerned only with supplying the needs of the economy or ensuring effective socialisation; it also has strong traditions of preparing for citizenship, extending possibilities for learning and promoting social progress.”
― Gaby Weiner, Feminisms in Education: An Introduction

“The one thing no one can ever take from you is your education…”
― Nanette L. Avery

“You can only write well ,what you have lived.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God is the greatest Teacher of all times.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Life is always just to learn.”
― Will Advise

“History displays the events of time.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“When you feel confident to take huge risks in life and consistently learn from your mistakes, you will eventually pursue your educational, financial, relationship or physical fitness goals successfully.”
― Saaif Alam

“Without the continued existence of the democratic system and of publicly funded education and research, however, most current teachers and intellectuals would be unemployed or their income would fall to a small fraction of its present level. Instead of researching the syntax of Ebonics, the love life of mosquitoes, or the relationship between poverty and crime for $100 grand a year, they would research the science of potato growing or the technology of gas pump operation for $20 grand.”
― Hans-Hermann Hoppe, What Must Be Done

“Doctors of ancient times used to recommend reading to their patients as a physical exercise on an equal level as walking, running, or ball-playing.”
― Jean Leclercq

“A woman today who has no goal, no purpose, no ambition patterning her days into the future, making her stretch and grow beyond that small score of years in which her body can fill its biological function, is committing a kind of suicide.”
― Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique

“In the Middle Ages, as in antiquity, they read usually, not as today, principally with the eyes, but with the lips, pronouncing what they saw, and with the ears, listening to the words pronounced. hearing what is called the "voices of the pages." It is a real acoustical reading.”
― Jean Leclercq, The Love of Learning and the Desire for God: A Study of Monastic Culture

“What shapes the best in us dies when the best education dies! The best in us shall always be undermined when they that are responsible for shaping the best in us are always undermined!

I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn books but life!

I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn moral principles, but they shall be living examples of moral principles.

I stand for a different education: a different education where students don’t just understand what they learn, but practice what they learn with understanding!

I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn about people of different beliefs, culture and backgrounds, but how to live with people who don’t share common perspective with them and know how to show their emotions of bitterness and misunderstanding rightly!

I stand for a different education: a different education where students will be perfect ambassadors’ of God on earth and live their daily lives with all due diligence!

I stand for a different education: a different education where students will understand why we all breathe the same air, sleep and wake up each day in the same manner to continue the journey of life!

I stand for a different education: a different education where students will learn with inspiration even in their desperations!

I stand for a different education: a different education where teachers are seen as true epitome of education!

I stand for a different education: a different education in which the value of the teacher is well understood and the teacher is well valued as a treasure!

I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn, but they will reproduce great and noble things with what they learn!

I stand for a different education: a different education where students will understand the real meaning of integrity and responsibility and with true courage and humility be that as such!

I stand for a different education: a different education where education means creativity!

Education is the spine of every nation! The better the education, the better the nation! The mediocre the education, the mediocre the nation! A good nation is good because of how education has shaped the perspective and understanding of the populace! A nation that does not know where it is heading towards must ask the machine that produces the populace who drive the nation: education! Until we fix our education, we shall always have a wrong education and we shall always see a wrong nation!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Woman's sexual problems are, in this sense, by-products of the suppression of her basic need to grow and fulfill her potentialities as a human being, potentialities which the mystique of feminine fulfillment ignores.”
― Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique

“You cannot know what I do not tell you, yet you will be judged harshly for not knowing.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons

“Watch movies. Read screenplays. Let them be your guide. […] Yes, McKee has been able to break down how the popular screenplay has worked. He has identified key qualities that many commercially successful screenplays share, he has codified a language that has been adopted by creative executives in both film and television. So there might be something of tangible value to be gained by interacting with his material, either in book form or at one of the seminars.

But for someone who wants to be an artist, a creator, an architect of an original vision, the best book to read on screenwriting is no book on screenwriting. The best seminar is no seminar at all.

To me, the writer wants to get as many outside voices OUT of his/her head as possible. Experts win by getting us to be dependent on their view of the world. They win when they get to frame the discussion, when they get to tell you there’s a right way and a wrong way to think about the game, whatever the game is. Because that makes you dependent on them. If they have the secret rules, then you need them if you want to
get ahead.

The truth is, you don’t.

If you love and want to make movies about issues of social import, get your hands on Paddy Chayefsky’s screenplay for Network. Read it. Then watch the movie. Then read it again.

If you love and want to make big blockbusters that also have great artistic merit, do the same thing with Lawrence Kasdan’s Raiders Of The Lost Ark screenplay and the movie made from it.

Think about how the screenplays made you feel. And how the movies built from these screenplays did or didn’t hit you the same way. […] This sounds basic, right? That’s because it is basic. And it’s true. All the information you need is the movies and screenplays you love. And in the books you’ve read and the relationships you’ve had and your ability to use those things.”
― Brian Koppelman

“Most people who were educated have become the "problems" instead of problem solvers.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts

“Make your education valuable. Apply what you learnt. Refuse to take the back seat and watch things happen. Join the change and be part of the change.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts

“Education is a system designed to make you feel inferior, yet they encourage you to accept it in order to be superior”
― Isiphile Petse

“Education is not merely meant for you to write and pass exams, get a good job and a good spouse, and settle down for survival.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts

“What shapes the best in us dies when the best education dies! The best in us shall always be undermined when they that are responsible for shaping the best in us are always undermined!
I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn books but life!
I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn moral principles, but they shall be living examples of moral principles
I stand for a different education: a different education where students don’t just understand what they learn, but practice what they learn with understanding!
I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn about people of different beliefs, culture and backgrounds, but how to live with people who don’t share common perspective with them and know how to show their emotions of bitterness and misunderstanding rightly!
I stand for a different education: a different education where students will be perfect ambassadors’ of God on earth and live their daily lives with all due diligence!
I stand for a different education: a different education where students will understand why we all breathe the same air, sleep and wake up each day in the same manner to continue the journey of life!
I stand for a different education: a different education where students will learn with inspiration even in their desperations!
I stand for a different education: a different education where teachers are seen as true epitome of education!
I stand for a different education: a different education in which the value of the teacher is well understood and the teacher is well valued as a treasure!
I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn, but they will reproduce great and noble things with what they learn!
I stand for a different education: a different education where students will understand the real meaning of integrity and responsibility and with true courage and humility be that as such!
I stand for a different education: a different education where education means creativity!
Education is the spine of every nation! The better the education, the better the nation! The mediocre the education, the mediocre the nation! A good nation is good because of how education has shaped the perspective and understanding of the populace! A nation that does not know where it is heading towards must ask the machine that produces the populace who drive the nation: education! Until we fix our education, we shall always have a wrong education and we shall always see a wrong nation!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Education is the spine of every nation! The better the education, the better the nation! The mediocre the education, the mediocre the nation! A good nation is good because of how education shapes the perspective and understanding of the populace to positively look beyond what they look and think beyond the ordinary thoughts for good and great exploits! A nation that does not know where it is heading towards must first ask the machine that produces the populace who drive the nation: education! Until we fix our education system, we shall always have a wrong education and we shall always see a wrong nation!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Perhaps it is different for humans, dear prince," she said, sounding sad, "but we have found that the underdisciplined child will bump up against life eventually and learn their lesson that way - albeit all the harder for their parents' earlier lack of courage and concern. The overdisciplined child lives all its life in a self-made cage, or bursts from it so wild and profligate with untutored energy they harm all about them, and always themselves. We prefer to underdiscipline, reckoning it better in the long drift, though it may seem harsher at the time."

"To do nothing is always easy." Ferbin did not try to keep the bitterness out of his voice.

"To do nothing when you are so tempted to do something and entirely have the means to do so, is harder. It grows easier only when you know you do nothing for the active betterment of others.”
― Ian M. Banks

“EFFECT OF A TRUE TEACHER GOES UP TO ETERNITY THROUGH HIS STUDENTS.”
― Seema Brain Openers

“Ah. Well, it stands for Freedom From Morality. We don't think healthy amorality happens naturally."
"But you're not amoral," I pointed out. I would trust you to keep your word any time. You don't steal. I've never known you to harm anyone except enemy soldiers in time of war."
He laughed. "I didn't say 'immoral', I said amoral. You really didn't read your guidebook. A person who has a compulsive need to break moral commandments is as much a prisoner as the person who feels bound to obey them. And the human brain is hardwired to produce moral commandments. That is why we think you have to train young people to keep them from developing morality and blocking their pursuit of pleasure. I teach it because --"
"It gives you an outlet for your sadistic urge to confuse children.”
― John Barnes, The Merchants of Souls

“If someone rationally rejects your thought process , he or she is teaching you to think more intellectually in order to fulfill more rigorous tasks your instructors or employers are assigning you to complete."﻿”
― Saaif Alam

“If someone rationally rejects your thought process , he or she is teaching you to think more intellectually in order to fulfill more rigorous tasks which your instructors or employers are assigning you to complete."﻿”
― Saaif Alam

“The real training is building character for a good conduct.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We need both Socrates and Aristotle in the search for knowledge, but in education today there is too much Aristotle and too little Socrates.”
― Gregory J.E. Rawlins, Compared to What?: An Introduction to the Anaylsis of Algorithms

“Experience is everything.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Tsitsi and the rest of the nation who now found themselves degreed and broke, her parents and the parents of the nation with degreed children and still broke, had thought-convinced themselves-that the poverty of their lives could be eliminated by 'professionalisation'.”
― Panashe Chigumadzi, Sweet Medicine

“True education is enlightenment.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There is limit to what we can learn.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Educate every child.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Educate every child to have a good head, good heart and kind spirit.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Ukiwaza kitu kwa dakika moja na sekunde nane – huu ni utafiti wangu tu – hicho kitu kitaanza kujiumba kwa ajili yako sehemu fulani ulimwenguni. Ukiamini kwa kiasi cha kutosha kwamba umekipata, utakipata. Haijalishi kama una elimu au huna. Hiyo ndiyo siri kubwa zaidi ya utajiri kuliko zote duniani – MAWAZO YAKO.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Fire . . . Does that light by itself?”
― Tsukumizu, Girls' Last Tour, Vol. 1

“Use two-way communication on oral exams to check the students' knowledge, not their attitudes. Checking attitudes can lead to the slippery area of subjective assessment.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Too much study leads to worn out,”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Just please understand that everyone is going through a rough time as well. Even if they are hiding behind money or a simple smile. We are all continuously stumbling as we go about our lives. If we had perfect lives we'd all be perfect people. Only thing we can learn to do is endure or we will not be happy and happiness is the closest thing to perfect.”
― Hyrum Yeakley

“THough we loved school, we hadn't realized how important education was until the Taliban tried to stop us.”
― Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban

“[...] it is rare for a
man who teaches to know his subject thoroughly;
for if he studies it as he ought, he has in most
cases no time left in which to teach it. [...]”
― Arthur Schopenhauer

“Most of the world’s problems are caused by people who made education compulsory, but personal development optional. Because of them, we have many intelligent people who lack good characters.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts

“Why?' says the boy.
'Why? Because staying alive is more important than anything else.'
'Why is staying alive more important than anything?'
He is about to answer, about to produce the correct, patient, educative words, when something wells up inside him. Anger? No. Irritation? No: more than that. Despair? Perhaps: despair in one of its minor forms. Why? Because he would like to believe he is guiding the child through the maze of the moral life when, correctly, patiently, he answers his unceasing 'Why' questions. But where is there any evidence that the child absorbs his guidance or even hears what he says?
He stops where he is on the busy sidewalk. Inés and the boy stop too, and stare at him in puzzlement. 'Think of it in this way,' he says. 'We are tramping through the desert, you and Inés and I. You tell me you are thirsty and I offer you a glass of water. Instead of drinking the water you pour it out in the sand. You say you thirst for answers: 'Why this? Why that?' I, because I am patient, because I love you, offer you an answer each time, which you pour away in the sand. Today, at last, I am tired of offering you water. 'Why is staying alive important?' If life does not seem important to you, so be it.'
Inés raises a hand to her mouth in dismay. As for the boy, his face sets in a frown. 'You say you love me but you don't love me,' he says. 'You just pretend.”
― J.M. Coetzee, The Childhood of Jesus

“Oh, it must be wonderful to be educated. What does it feel like?'
'It's like having an operation,' said Treece. 'You don't know you've had it until long after it's over.”
― Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong

“Consciously or unconsciously, our education renders us slaves to morals, religion and a perceived vision of the world; our breath is the air of the epoch in which we live.”
― Stefan Zweig, Montaigne

“The test of successful education is not the amount of knowledge that pupils take away from school, but their appetite to know and their capacity to learn.”
― Richard Livingstone

“...I always took the rearmost seat in the classroom - it gave me a good view of things. And I must confess, the location taught me more about human nature and justice than could be learned from the professors' lectures.”
― Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance

“Life is the greatest teacher because it educates even those who really hate to learn.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“In Your Early Years people Tell You, Correct You and Forgive You. But when you become an Adult, they Neither Correct you nor Forgive You”
― Vineet Raj Kapoor

“لا تقل بأن الموت أصاب كل شيء. ها أنت هنا، تقرأ لتثبت بأنه لا تزال هناك براعم صالحة. من المستحيل أن ينتصر الموت على إرادة الحياة، نحن نهزم عندما نستسلم فقط! في وسط ذلك الرعب كانت هناك ملالا لتقول لهم بأنها ستقاتل من أجل أن تدرس وتعلم الأخريات من الفتيات المحبات للحياة. وسط الركام والأنقاض هناك بذور صالحة ستنبت من جديد في الوقت المناسب.”
― جلجامش نبيل, Gilgamesh Nabeel, صراع الأقنعة

“For me, education—both teaching and learning—is about building relationships and developing rapport with students, with parents, and with faculty.”
― Carlos Heleno, A Comprehensive Guide to Getting Hired Teaching: Achieve Your Ideal Teaching Position

“It was Daisuke's conviction that all morality traced its origins to social realities. He believed there could be no greater confusion of cause and effect than to attempt to conform social reality to a rigidly predetermined notion of morality. Accordingly, he found the ethical education conducted by lecture in Japanese schools utterly meaningless. In the schools, students were either instructed in the old morality or crammed with a morality suited to the average European. For an unfortunate people beset by the fierce appetites of life, this amounted to nothing more than vain, empty talk. When the recipients of this education saw society before their eyes, they would recall those lectures and burst out laughing. Or else they would feel that they had been made fools of. In Daisuke's case it was not just school; he had received the most rigorous and least functional education from his father. Thanks to this, he had at one time experienced acute anguish stemming from contradictions. Daisuke even felt bitter over it.”
― Natsume Sōseki, And Then

“He who doesn't see the essence of books shall surely be ruled by those who find and value the real essence of books.”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“If you hate to think, you are not different from some who is peeing on his academic certificates. The goal of education is to help you to think and lead.”
― Israelmore ayivor , Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts

“A happy childhood can fortify one against the ravages of life, and part of that happiness is found in books, which become our constant companions for the rest of our lives.”
― Suzy Davies, Snugs The Snow Bear

“اكتشفت بأن دولنا مهيكلة لتخلق شعوباً متدينة، من مناهج التعليم وحتى مرافق الحياة الأخرى، ولهذا لا يجب أن نستغرب كل هذا الكم من الانغلاق والتطرف والتعصب، ولا يجب أن نتساءل عن سبب وجود كل هذه التنظيمات الإرهابية في أرجاء المنطقة. فقد كان النظام التعليمي يشل التفكير، ويصح أن يسمى تلقيناً لا أكثر.”
― جلجامش نبيل, Gilgamesh Nabeel, صراع الأقنعة

“Left to our own devices, we are apt to backslide to our instinctive conceptual ways. This underscores the place of education in a scientifically literate democracy, and even suggests a statement of purpose for it (a surprisingly elusive principle in higher education today). The goal of education is to make up for the shortcomings in our instinctive ways of thinking about the physical and social world. And education is likely to succeed not by trying to implant abstract statements in empty minds but by taking the mental models that are our standard equipment, applying them to new subjects in selective analogies, and assembling them into new and more sophisticated combinations.”
― Steven Pinker, The Stuff of Thought: Language as a Window into Human Nature

“Pain and suffering have been my most trusted textbook.”
― Bert McCoy

“Don’t wait for the tornado, struggles make you reach the castle.”
― Basheer Amiri

“Though his public teaching lasted only three years, it has been scrutinized by scholars in every science—among them theology, philosophy, psychology, and sociology to name a few. Jesus’ influence has founded universities like Oxford, Cambridge, Yale, Princeton, and Harvard. Now spanning the entire globe, Jesus’ followers have been inspired throughout the centuries to set up educational institutions to teach what he taught.”
― Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share

“The best insurance that a girl can be given is a proper education and a steady career. That way she can assure a bright future for her family herself, instead of depending on her future groom to give her a comfortable life.”
― Hanadi Falki, The Price of Our Silence

“Worldly ambition inhibits true learning. Ask me. I know. A young man in a hurry is nearly uneducable: He knows what he wants and where he’s headed; when it comes to looking back or entertaining heretical thoughts, he has neither the time nor the inclination. All that counts is that he is going somewhere. Only as ambition wanes does education become a possibility.”
― Andrew J. Bacevich, Washington Rules: America's Path to Permanent War

“Those who looked with revulsion at the oppressive might of her arms, were obliged to marvel at the egalitarian nature of her social programmes.”
― A. H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle

“Successful teaching rests both on a genuine and selfless concern for students and on the ability to convey to them a love of history.”
― Eric Foner

“The purpose of teaching is learning and learning is changed behavior.”
― Stephen R. Covey

“An effective educator who can embrace the ever-changing teaching and learning environment, maintain resilience and strength under this pressure, dynamically participate in the development of new practices, and continue to foster a love of learning stands a greater chance of captivating students and appealing to their needs.”
― Carlos Heleno, A Comprehensive Guide to Getting Hired Teaching: Achieve Your Ideal Teaching Position

“Failure doesn't Teach us!
Learning from it, is our Choice.”
― Vineet Raj Kapoor

“The aspects of corruption contradicts the meaning of realism because our planet is occupied with a huge chunk of brainwashed people. The only way, our world can overcome this problem, if educators pay m,ore attention to their learners and prepare them to gain knowledge about moral values and real life responsibilities.”
― Saaif Alam

“Whatever your aptitudes, the greatest source of achievement is passion. Aptitude matters, but passion often matters more… If you love doing something, you’ll be constantly drawn to get better at it.”
― Ken Robinson, Finding Your Element: How to Discover Your Talents and Passions and Transform Your Life

“The mind is more comfortable in reckoning probabilities in terms of the relative frequency of remembered or imagined events. That can make recent and memorable events - a plane crash, a shark attack, an anthrax infection - loom larger on one's worry list than more frequent and boring events, such as the car crashes and ladder falls that get printed beneath the fold on page B14. And it can lead risk experts to speak one language and ordinary people to hear another. In hearings for a proposed nuclear waste site, an expert might present a fault tree that lays out the conceivable sequences of events by which radioactivity might escape. For example, erosion, cracks in the bedrock, accidental drilling, or improper sealing might cause the release of radioactivity into groundwater. In turn, groundwater movement, volcanic activity, or an impact of a large meteorite might cause the release of radioactive wastes into the biosphere. Each train of events can be assigned a probability, and the aggregate probability of an accident from all the causes can be estimated. When people hear these analyses, however, the are not reassured but become more fearful than ever. They hadn't realized there are so many ways for something to go wrong! They mentally tabulate the number of disaster scenarios, rather than mentally aggregating the probabilities of the disaster scenarios.”
― Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature

“Teaching mathematics, like teaching any art, requires the ability to inspire the student. Inspiration requires marketing, and marketing requires stirring communication.”
― Hartosh Singh Bal, A Certain Ambiguity: A Mathematical Novel

“A single course of studies for all progressive schools is out of the question; it would mean abandoning the fundamental principle of connection with life-experiences.”
― John Dewey, Experience and Education

“I'm not suggesting that teachers never tell the truth, only that it isn't necessary to do it all the time. Since coming to one's own conclusions is mostly how we learn, the real job of a teacher is to force students to come to sensible conclusions by confronting what they already believe with stuff that is antithetical to those beliefs. A confused person has only 2 choices. Admit he is confused and doesn't care, or resolve the confusion. Resolving the confusion invloves thinking. Teachers can encourage thinking by making sure students have something confusing to think about.”
― Roger Schank

“There are endless books about what every third grader must know that use the idea that factual knowledge is the basis of the ability to read as their justification. Unfortunately, the writers of these tracts have misunderstood the cognitive science behind those statements. It is difficult to read things when you don't understand what they are about, but it does not follow from that thatthe solution is to ram that knowledge down kids' throats and then have them read. It is much more clever to have them read about what they know and to gradually increase their knowledge through stories that cause them to have to learn more in order to make the stories understandable to them.”
― Roger Schank

“An obstacle to the learning is to overlook the students mental level of learning by teachers. Good teachers have a power to make difference between the level of individuals rather than comparing with themselves.”
― Shahid Iqbal

“Certain things need to be done again and again in life, but those things can be learned only in context, not as an abstraction. Different contexts must be provided in order to motivate students and to provide real world skills that will be remembered, not because they were studied and tested but because they were practicied again and again.”
― Roger Schank

“You have no idea how many men are spoiled by what is called education. For the most part, colleges are places where pebbles are polished and diamonds are dimmed. If Shakespeare had graduated at Oxford, he might have been a quibbling attorney, or a hypocritical parson.”
― Ingersoll Robert Green

“The obvious cure for the tragic shortcomings of human intuition in a high-tech world is education. And this offers priorities for educational policy: to provide students with the cognitive tools that are most important for grasping the modern world and that are most unlike the cognitive tools they are born with. The perilous fallacies we have seen in this chapter, for example, would give high priority to economics, evolutionary biology, and probability and statistics in any high school or college curriculum. Unfortunately, most curricula have barely changed since medieval times, and are barely changeable because no one wants to be the philistine who seems to be saying that it is unimportant to learn a foreign language, or English literature, or trigonometry, or the classics. But no matter how valuable a subject may be, there are only twenty-four hours in a day, and a decision to teach one subject is also a decision not to teach another one. The question is not whether trigonometry is important, but whether it is more important than statistics; not whether an educated person should know the classics, but whether it is more important for an educated person to know the classics than to know elementary economics. In a world whose complexities are constantly challenging our intuitions, these trade-offs cannot responsibly be avoided.”
― Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature

“I think the difficulty lies in the immeasurable vanity of the human adult, particularly the pedagogical adult,… which does not permit him to recognize as good any tendency in children to fly in the face of his conceptions of a correct human being; to recognize that may be here is something highly desirable, to be encourage, rather than destroyed as pernicious…. [Y]our teacher has usually well-defined conceptions of what men and women have to be. And if a boy is too lively, too noisy, too restless, too curious, to suit the concept, he must be trimmed and subdued.”
― Voltairine de Cleyre, The Voltairine de Cleyre Reader

“A genuine purpose always starts with an impulse. Obstruction of the immediate execution of an impulse converts it into a desire. Nevertheless neither impulse nor desire is itself a purpose. A purpose is an end-view. That is, it involves foresight of the consequences which will result from acting upon impulse.”
― John Dewey, Experience and Education

“It is equally important to learn from experience and from books.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Education is the means to end, not the end itself. Education should not become another status quo, or silo, or the end.”
― Pearl Zhu, Digital Gaps: Bridging Multiple Gaps to Run Cohesive Digital Business

“Revolutions are defined not only by the ideas that drive them but by the scale of their impact.”
― Ken Robinson, Creative Schools: The Grassroots Revolution That's Transforming Education

“Peace will only come about through understanding and a relevant education.”
― Colin R. Turner

“Extreme excellence in music is liable to yet stronger objections; to attain it, almost every other accomplishment must be neglected; and, when attained, it leads to an improper degree of intimacy with professional people. Music softens the mind—and if a master and his pupil are continually together, bad consequence may ensure: nevertheless, I would have you know and love music; but I would not have you doat upon it.”
― Eliza Parsons, Errors of Education

“Traditional education tended to ignore the importance of personal impulse and desire as moving springs. But this is no reason why progressive education should identify impulse and desire with purpose and thereby pass lightly over the need for careful observation, for wide range of information, and for judgment is students are to share in the formation of the purposes which activate them”
― John Dewey, Experience and Education

“If a nation reads what is good with a good understanding, it gets a good understanding for a good nation building!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Strait-jacket and chain-gang procedures had to be done away with if there was to a chance for growth of individuals in the intellectual springs of freedom without which there is no assurance of genuine and continued normal growth.”
― John Dewey, Experience and Education

“In summary, a good teacher does the following:
- never tells a student anything that the teacher thinks is true
- never allows himself to be the ultimate judge of his own students' success
- teacher practice first, theory second (if he must teach theory at all)
- does not come up with lists of knowledge that every student must know
- doesn't teach anything unless he can easily explain the use of learning it
- assigns no homework, unless that homework is to produce something
- groups students according to their interests and abilities, not their ages
- ensures that any reward to a student is intrinsic
- teaches students things they may actually need to know after they leave school
- helps students come up with their own explanations when they have made a mistake
- never assumes that a student is listening to what he is saying
- never assumes that students will do what he asks them to do if what he asked does not relate to a goal they truly hold
- never allows pleasing the teacher to be the goal of the student
- understands that students won't do what he tells them if they don't understand what is being asked of them
- earns the respect of students by demonstrating abilities
- motivate students to do better, and does not help them to do better
- understands that his job is to get students to do something
- understands that experience, not teachers, changes belief systems
- confuses students
- does not expect credit for good teaching”
― Roger Schank

“As we explore new ways of thinking, we need to be willing to investigate, experiment, take some risks with our attention, and stretch.”
― Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection

“Grades and Marks do not reflect the intelligence of individuals. Intelligence differs person to person and cannot be measure at the same scale.”
― Shahid IQbal

“Also, even if technocrats provide reasonable estimates of a risk, which itself is an iffy enterprise, they cannot dictate what level of risk people ought to accept. People might object to a nuclear power plant that has a minuscule risk of a meltdown not because they overestimate the risk, but because they feel that the cost of a catastrophe, no matter how remote, are too dreadful. And of course any of these trade-offs may be unacceptable if people perceive that the benefits would go to the wealthy and powerful while they themselves absorb the risks. Nonetheless, understanding the difference between our best science and our ancient ways of thinking can only make our individual and collective decisions better informed. It can help scientists and journalists explain a new technology in the face of the most common misunderstandings. And it can help all of us understand the technology so that we can accept or reject it on grounds that we can justify to ourselves and to others.”
― Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature

“Fear of failure is closely connected with the apprehension of failure in any field of life, such as career, business, education of private life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Not only is this teacher educating her children in violence, she also has to continuously escalate her own violence to keep control. Her method of teaching breeds disrespect and prejudice. Her students have been dehumanized.”
― Arun Gandhi, Legacy of Love: My Education in the Path of Nonviolence

“When people are forced to respect civil rights and human rights or face legal consequences, they don't like it. Civil rights laws will be scrupulously observed only when people accept that it is morally wrong to oppress or discriminate against fellow human beings. That awareness can come only through education. A law will enable integration in public places, but it does not foster understanding or appreciation in the hearts of people who continue to live with their prejudices.”
― Arun Gandhi, Legacy of Love: My Education in the Path of Nonviolence

“Strive for perfection, knowing it will never be achieved.”
― Chris J. Collins

“It is the city that is wrong, and its creations can never be right; they may be improved; they can never be what they should.... Until the whole atrocious system of herding working people in close-built cities, by way of making them serviceable cogwheels in the capitalistic machine for grinding out rent and profit, comes to an end, the physical education of children will remain at best a pathetic compromise.”
― Voltairine de Cleyre, The Voltairine de Cleyre Reader

“I love my God. I thank my Allah. I talk to him all day. He is the greatest. By giving me this height to reach people, he has also given me great responsibilities. Peace in every home, every street, every village, every country – this is my dream. Education for every boy and every girl in the world. To sit down on a chair and read my books with all my friends at school is my right. To see each and every human being with a smile of happiness is my wish.”
― Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban

“WONDERLAND

It is a person's unquenchable thirst for wonder
That sets them on their initial quest for truth.
The more doors you open, the smaller you become.
The more places you see and the more people you meet,
The greater your curiosity grows.
The greater your curiosity, the more you will wander.
The more you wander, the greater the wonder.
The more you quench your thirst for wonder,
The more you drink from the cup of life.
The more you see and experience, the closer to truth you become.
The more languages you learn, the more truths you can unravel.
And the more countries you travel, the greater your understanding.
And the greater your understanding, the less you see differences.
And the more knowledge you gain, the wider your perspective,
And the wider your perspective, the lesser your ignorance.
Hence, the more wisdom you gain, the smaller you feel.
And the smaller you feel, the greater you become.
The more you see, the more you love --
The more you love, the less walls you see.
The more doors you are willing to open,
The less close-minded you will be.
The more open-minded you are,
The more open your heart.
And the more open your heart,
The more you will be able to
Send and receive --
Truth and TRUE
Unconditional
LOVE.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Everybody needs to be good-natured with a good heart, because in this way we can solve our own problems as well as those of others, and we can make our human life meaningful.”
― Abhishek S, KARMA

“Health care and education are too important NOT to be left to the free market.”
― Kevin D. Williamson, The Dependency Agenda

“Desires and Karma are the worst enemies living in the same soul together. It depends on us whom we choose and feed.”
― Abhishek S, KARMA

“The old dealt with its pupils as grown birds deal with young birds when they teach them to fly; the new deals with them more as the poultry-keeper deals with young birds — making them thus or thus for purposes of which the birds know nothing. In a word, the old was a kind of propagation — men transmitting manhood to men; the new is merely propaganda.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man

“We create karma by all kinds of selfish actions.The first thing we must understand is that we are psychologically asleep.It is very difficult for us to be conscious of ourselves. We are not very aware. We must come to recognize that we do not pay attention.”
― Abhishek S, KARMA

“We are living a fantasy life in our heads, and our real life is passing by, moment by moment.Life is only lived in moments: anything else is a fantasy, a lie, an illusion.”
― Abhishek S, KARMA

“We do not recognize that we are addicted to some negative psychological habit, some terribly self-destructive patterns of thinking...”
― Abhishek S, KARMA

“Self-observation is simply the observation of an internal state and an external event. It is pure awareness, which gives one the ability to choose one's actions. Only by having the choice can one perform what is right.”
― Abhishek S

“Teach the child how to think and not what to think by equipping him with the weapons of Knowledge and Discernment.”
― VD.

“Once you start questioning your beliefs, that's when it's all over. It is truly doubt that kills our conviction.”
― Hyrum Yeakley

“LIFE - Death's Very Emissary”
― Abhishek S, KARMA

“Karma is the balance sheet of life which debits and credit all your deeds.YourWhich is audited by our creator and actions are based on what we accumulated in it.”
― Abhishek S, KARMA

“Karma is a balance sheet of life which debits and credit all your deeds.YourWhich is audited by our creator and actions are based on what we accumulated in it.”
― Abhishek S, KARMA

“Wherever you work, work hard and educate yourself continuously. You must never forget social welfare, ethics and honesty. However, there is no guarantee for your career progression. Therefore, don't expect that only the best people will be promoted.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“We Destroy Because We Hate

We Hate Because We Fear

We Fear Because We Don’t Understand

We Don’t Understand Because We Won’t Learn

Illuminate your mind & Educate yourself!”
― Ja’son White

“Knowledge can be acquired by education, reading, communicating and observing, but also simply by living.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Scott himself had taught me that in the boundless sphere of the intellect there is no prudishness, no shockability. There is only evaluation of facts, and a morality founded on truth.”
― Sheilah Graham, College of One

“He [F. Scott Fitzgerald] had learned to theorize, to think, although he was always less interested in the dissection of his reading than in the enjoyment he received. (About F. Scott Fitzgerald)”
― Sheilah Graham, College of One

“Which has left me with a healthy respect and fondness for higher education that those of my friends and family who attended universities were cured of long ago.”
― Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction

“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.
Third should come understanding.
Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding..”
― Hyrum Yeakley

“อุปสรรค์อีกอย่างของเด็กเอเชียเราคือ พฤติกรรมการรับส่งและประมวลข้อมูลที่แตกต่างจากฝรั่งค่อนข้างมาก การศึกษาเขาฝึกให้ตั้งคำถามตั้งแต่ยังเล็ก เขาโตมาด้วยการสื่อสารแบบสองทาง รับจากครู คิดในหัว และส่งกลับ ขณะที่เราคุ้นกับการ รับ-จำ-สอบ วงจรแบบนี้ทำให้การวิเคราะห์และสังเคราะห์ข้อมูลแบบเรียลไทม์ของเราไม่คล่องเท่าพวกนักเรียนอเมริกาเขา”
― ธนชาติ ศิริภัทราชัย

“Indeed, men who have either quaffed or even tasted the liberal arts penetrate with their aid far more deeply
into the secrets of the divine wisdom." - John Calvin”
― John Calvin

“A good education must expose knowledge gaps and increase the hunger for further inquiries.
A good education is not complete.”
― Magnus Nwagu Amudi

“Analyzing everyday situations using a systematic approach similar to that utilized by physicians when investigating a medical mysteries can result in better choices.”
― Dr. Russ Hill, Medical Investigation 101: A Book to Inspire Your Interest in Medicine and How Doctors Think

“A proactive learner can have the ability to acquire a vast amount knowledge to use critical thinking because he or she has the passion comprehending complex principles, theories and tasks in daily life and career settings.”
― Saaif Alam

“I will miss you
not because you taught me,
not because you helped me on all steps of education;
but only because
you made me a leader to lead as an perfect Electrical Engineer.”
― Hasil Paudyal

“Teach the child how to think and not what to think by equipping him with the armor of Discernment and the sword of Knowledge.”
― VD.

“Children should be taught how to think and not what to think by equipping them with the weapons of discernment and knowledge.”
― VD.

“Until we get equality in education, we won't have an equal society.”
― Sonia Sotomayor

“Experience does for the soul what education does for the mind.”
― Casey Neistat

“The principal art of the teacher is to awaken the joy in creation and knowledge.”
― Albert Einstein, The World As I See It

“Nothing threatens a corrupt system like a free mind.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Know who you are, know your mission and educate yourself in your mission field”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The most sensitive period of their developmental age, when the kids are supposed to be taught to question everything and nourish their reasoning skills, they are taught that God created the world in seven days – that the human race did not evolve from apes through millions of years, rather it came from the amorous congress between two God-made humans, named Adam and Eve. And if you ask why? The answers of the uneducated primordial teachers would be that the scriptures say so. And now if you ask, can’t the scriptures be wrong – do I have to take these stories literally? They would lash out with rage and shout at you – how dare you question the scriptures! Every single word in it is true. There is no greater truth than the truth of these sacred texts.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“The kingdom of God works in all spheres of culture, whether church, family, education, government, arts, business, or media. It is time to stop operating under the mindset that these spheres ought to be separated into secular and Christian, hoarding all the ‘sanctified spheres’ into the church, thereby leaving the world struggling in a vacuum of death. When we suck all the living water into the church, the world is left to die of thirst.”
― Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability

“The middle class and upper middle class are highly attached to the institution of school explicitly as a sorting mechanism, as a way of justifying privileges of which middle-class members are already central beneficiaries. These critics suggest that the entire notion of schools as meritocracies actually reifies and reinforces class privilege--making those whom school rewards (those who already have a lot of benefits) feel they deserve the privileges they have.”
― Kirsten Olson, Wounded by School: Recapturing the Joy in Learning and Standing Up to Old School Culture

“Love and Compassion – these are the greatest education a person can ever have.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“The only service to be done for our downtrodden sisters and brother, is to give them education to develop their individuality. We must give them ideas, alongside cultivating their living conditions.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“We cannot take on anger toward these professors. They are ensnared in a faulty worldview…Let us not blame the world for being the world…We can respond by pulling up stakes and retreating further into our sub-culture or we can be the harbingers of freedom to the captives. Our focus is to be on restoring rather than retreating.”
― Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability

“After all, what is education, if not the unparalleled means to transcend the self- imposed physical limits of the mind and the body.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Psychologically speaking, far from being worthless, a system is indeed necessary, for any kind of human endeavor. A structure aids in the mind’s endeavor of learning. But the moment the mind becomes dependent on the system and starts trusting the system more than the internal faculties of the mind, the very element of education fades away from the system.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Now the common human perception about the purpose of academic institutions, is that, they are meant to put a stamp of approval on the students, so that later on the students can show off their stamp in order to make a living. The parents invest money to get the stamp, and the child uses that stamp to make more money. Where is the element of education in this whole process!”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“All knowledge is born in the mind, and circumstances make them manifest.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“When a person is devastated, it coneys that the individual is regretting for his or her mistakes.”
― Saaif Alam

“In addition to labeling kids who learn differently as problematic, sometimes defective, most schools classify, track, and categorize students from very early ages. As an abundance of research studies confirm, these classifications tend to become self-perpetuating and self-confirming. My interviewees illuminate the ways in which grades, tests, and opportunities to learn are often arbitrary or related to class, race, and gender. In the supposed meritocracy of schooling, these markers and estimations have profound impact, not just structuring how we fit into the learning hierarchy of an individual classroom, but who we are who whom we believe we will become.”
― Kirsten Olson, Wounded by School: Recapturing the Joy in Learning and Standing Up to Old School Culture

“All the calculus, quantum mechanics and languages in the world are worthless pieces of information, if they are not brought to the service of the society.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Character- building education is what the world needs – education, that will empower the mind with such an unimaginable strength that one would meet death face to face and say “some other time, pal!”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Acquiring knowledge is the most fruitful effort.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“If we are to rise as real Sapiens, we must work towards spreading education among the masses.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Parents’ transmit their attitude towards education to children via soundless, aphonic messages.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“The methodical implementation of modern human faculties that allow us human beings to transcend the physical limits of biological evolution is Education. However, today, the term education has become somehow synonymous with economic benefits and due to the primeval craving for security, it has disgracefully lost its very core of transcendence into the unknown. Thus, the very evolutionary seeds that gave birth to the method known as education have gone almost extinct in the modern industrialized system of soulless competition and regurgitation. Hence emerged the reason for me to get to the root of its quite unofficially accepted problems, and to concoct the thought processes that would make necessary amendments to the perceptual errors of what I call the three major nodes of education system, which are the teachers, the students and the parents.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Education is not the amount of information that is pushed into the brain and causes havoc there, undigested all through a lifetime. Education must be a symposium of life-building, character- making and assimilation of ideas in the pursuit of building a more harmonious, peaceful and truly civilized world.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Good parents have good hearts to accommodate the little things that mean a lot to their children. Good parents have good hands to touch and shape the little things that mean a lot to the life of their children. Good parents have the good ears to listen and hear the little things that mean a lot their children. Good parents have good eyes to not just look, but see the little things that mean a lot to their wards and that which can make them feel being at home and being cared for, even if and when the ward is not aware of such little things !”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Children respect teachers today not for their knowledge but for the marks they give. Teachers respect children today not for the intelligence they have but for the threat they pose. That is the state of education today!”
― Uma Shanker

“Do not say you do not have education or abilities”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Kabla ya Elimu iliumbwa Akili so chakufanya ni kutumia Akili ambayo ilimpokea Elimu.Acha sababu,Tumia akili uliyopewa na Mungu!”
― Chrisper Malamsha

“Beliefs are a powerful thing. I often travel the world and sometimes the local waitresses attending me are nervous if they can’t speak English. Now, when this happens, I point at the pictures in the menu. However, I’ve noticed that the ones with the strongest beliefs, the most nervous ones, still do a mistake in my order. Another interesting things to notice in these situations is that, when I correct them, by pointing again at what I ordered before, they recognize their mistake, but get angry, as if their mistake was my fault, and that’s called irresponsibility. Now, when you combine irresponsibility with the wrong beliefs, you have a a very dumb person. That’s what stupidity is, it’s a human being doing the wrong things with the wrong beliefs and never ever accepting any responsibility for it. That’s how those with the lowest spiritual conscience behave in general with themselves and others.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“Having a system for thinking deeper can provide greater insight into solving everyday problem. Such a system is shared in my book, Medical Investigation 101.”
― Dr. Russ Hill, Medical Investigation 101: A Book to Inspire Your Interest in Medicine and How Doctors Think

“Having a system for thinking deeper can provide greater insight into solving everyday problems. Such a system is shared in my book, Medical Investigation 101.”
― Dr. Russ Hill, Medical Investigation 101: A Book to Inspire Your Interest in Medicine and How Doctors Think

“If we want to survive this economic collapse, new mandatory school subjects should be eCommerce, Chinese, spirituality and aesthetics.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“If education were the same as information, the encyclopedias would be the greatest sages in the world.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“The system that aims at educating our boys and girls in the same manner as in the circus where the trainer teaches the lion to sit on a stool, has not understood the true meaning of education itself. Instead of being like a circus where the trainer uses his stick to make animals do stunts to serve the interest of the audience, the system of education should be like an Orchestra where the conductor waves his stick to orchestrate the music already within the musicians’ heart in the most beautiful manner. The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“My mother made me a scientist without ever intending to. Every other Jewish mother in Brooklyn would ask her child after school: So? Did you learn anything today? But not my mother. “Izzy,” she would say, “did you ask a good question today?” That difference — asking good questions — made me become a scientist.”
― Isidor Isaac Rabi

“Our young should be at ease with the fact that every mind works differently, and that there is never an issue if someone’s mind is not adapted to this or that subject, or even to this or that manner of teaching or learning.

His mind, in whatever manner it needs to function, is a precious stone in humanity’s treasure, whether he realizes it or not.”
― Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity

“The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“This is not education my friend. It is a process of manufacturing computation devices that look like Homo sapiens, and thereby falsely labeled as Education.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Real education leads to the liberation of the mind.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Sow the seeds of weakness and inferiority in the kids and they’ll grow up to be inferior, crawling, insignificant insects. Sow the seeds of courage and they’ll become brave-heart leaders who will one day change the course of human history.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“A healthy and ideal system of education would be where a teacher would patiently impart knowledge, instead of curriculum, upon the students, only after assessing their acceptability – where a student would acquire knowledge in order to learn, not to earn – where the parents would be willing to make necessary sacrifices in order to adorn their child with curiosity and thereafter nourish that curiosity, regardless of how absurdly impractical it becomes to the eyes of the society.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Learning means change and change is usually difficult.”
― Herman L Glaess, Potentiality Enhancement Programs

“Instead of being like a circus where the trainer uses his stick to make animals do stunts to serve the interest of the audience, the system of education should be like an Orchestra where the conductor waves his stick to orchestrate the music already within the musicians’ heart in the most beautiful manner. The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Raising awareness versus raising alarm;
the public can't be better informed if the information isn't better.”
― T.K. Naliaka

“Education enables the humans to achieve their fullest mental and physical potential in both personal and social life.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Learn all you can.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The point is, education in its truest form, is the foundation of all human endeavors. It is the most noble of all the civilized elements of human consciousness. Education enables the humans to achieve their fullest mental and physical potential in both personal and social life. The ability of being educated is what distinguishes humans from animals. You can teach a cockatoo to repeat a bunch of vocabularies, but you cannot teach it to construct a space shuttle and go to the moon.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Many are they who seek to guide other to the path yet they themselves are lost”
― rassool jibraeel snyman

“All systems of the society should serve the mind, instead of the mind serving the systems.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Mind is the Alpha – Mind is the Omega. There is nothing else in the pursuit of knowledge. And more importantly, there is nothing else in education. All systems of the society should serve the mind, instead of the mind serving the systems.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Education means nourishing the mind and make it develop in order to see beyond the limitations of current social perception - it means breaking the barriers of the rugged sociological system that impede in the progress of human civilization - it means trying out new things for the first time in human history and succeeding in a few while failing in some. And that is how a species grows to become more advanced.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Ignorance is a crime against ones self”
― rassool jibraeel snyman

“Athènes devint à partir de 450 avant Jésus-Christ la capitale culturelle du monde grec. La philosophie aussi prit un nouveau tournant.
Les philosophes de la nature étaient avant tout des hommes de science qui s'intéressaient à l'analyse physique du monde et, à ce titre, ils tiennent une place importante dans l'histoire de la science. Mais, à Athènes, l'étude de la nature fut supplantée par celle de l'homme et sa place dans la société.
Petit à petit, une démocratie avec des assemblées du peuple et des juges populaires vit le jour. Une condition sine qua non pour l'établissement de la démocratie était que le peuple fût assez éclairé pour pouvoir participer au processus démocratique. Qu'une jeune démocratie exige une certaine éducation du peuple, nous l'avons bien vu de nos jours.”
― Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World

“If only education will aim at teaching learners’ real life and life in books and not just books, learners will learn and understand real life and not just books, and they will dare to face life with real life lessons and lessons from books!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Your nation needs you. Your world needs you. So, use your education to become endowed with muscles of iron and nerves of steel.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Education is the manifestation and evolution of the knowledge that is already inherent within you.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Ignorance is not bliss its painful and embarrassing”
― rassool jibraeel snyman

“If we want our generation to function as watchdogs, we should teach the lions to stop acting as supreme and give all kinds of creatures a a fair share of food and resources.”
― Saaif Alam

“If you don’t allow one to become a lion, one will become a sheep. And the world is already filled with sheeps, which is the major cause of the society’s intellectual and moral downfall. For a better future to evolve, where humanism will be an all-pervading virtue and separatism will be a matter of ancient history, the world needs lions.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“This is one of the consequences of a superior education, you see. In this independent, hundred-per-cent-empowered and fully and totally indigenous blacker-than-black country, a superior education is one that the whites would value, and as whites do not value local languages at the altar of what the whites deem supreme. So it was in colonial times, and so it remains, more than thirty years later.”
― Petina Gappah, The Book of Memory

“Education is just Knowledge
Your attitude, Your Behavior
Is not depends on Your
Education”
― M.Zuber Bhoja

“Even so have I given the womb of the earth to those that be sown in it in their times.”
― Compton Gage

“Like as thou canst do none of these things that I have spoken of, even so canst thou not find out my judgment, or in the end the love that I have promised unto my people.”
― Compton Gage

“The Sodomy sea shall cast out fish, and make a noise in the night, which many have not known: but they shall all hear the voice thereof.”
― Compton Gage

“There shall be confusion also in many places, and the fire shall be oft sent out again, and the wild beasts shall change their places, and menstruate women shall bring forth monsters:”
― Compton Gage

“Salt waters shall be found in the sweet, and all friends shall destroy one another; then shall wit hide itself, and understanding withdraw itself into his secret chamber-”
― Compton Gage

“One land also shall ask another, and say, ‘Is righteousness that makes a man righteous gone through thee?’ And it shall say, ‘No.”
― Compton Gage

“At the same time shall men hope, but nothing obtain: they shall labor, but their ways shall not prosper.”
― Compton Gage

“To shew thee such tokens I have leave; and if thou wilt pray again, and weep as now, and fast even days, thou shall hear yet greater things.”
― Compton Gage

“An extreme fearfulness moves through all your body, and your mind is troubled more.”
― Compton Gage

“After seven days of fasten so it was, that the thoughts of my heart were very grievous unto me- and my soul recovered the spirit of understanding.”
― Compton Gage

“Hear me, and I will instruct thee; hearken to the thing that I say, and I shall tell thee more.”
― Compton Gage

“Thou art sore troubled in mind for the people in the world’s sake: loves thou that people better than he that made them?”
― Compton Gage

“Number me the things that are not yet come- gather me together the dross that are scattered abroad- make me the flowers green again that are withered- Open me the places that are closed, and bring me forth the winds that in them are shut up- shew me the image of a voice: and then I will declare to thee the thing that thou labor to know.”
― Compton Gage

“O Lord that bear rule, who may know these things, but he that had not his dwelling with men?”
― Compton Gage

“As for you, you're unwise: how may you then speak of these things whereof thou ask you?”
― Compton Gage

“He shall rule, whom they look not for that dwell upon the earth, and the fowls shall take their flight away together:”
― Compton Gage

“Rules are rules was stuffed into him from the crib like he was a Thanksgiving turkey.”
― James Marshall Smith, Silent Source

“I will liken my judgment unto a ring: like as there is no slackness of the last, even so there is no swiftness of the first.”
― Compton Gage

“Could thou not make those that have been made, and be now, and that are for to come, at once; that thou might shew thy judgement the sooner?”
― Compton Gage

“The creature may not haste above the maker; neither may the world hold them at once that shall be created therein.”
― Compton Gage

“As thou hast said unto thy servant, that thou, which gives life to all, hast given life at once to the creature that thou hast created, and the creature bare it: even so it might now also bear them that now be present at once.”
― Compton Gage

“Ask the womb of a woman, and say unto her, If thou bring forth children, why dost thou it not together, but one after another? pray her therefore to bring forth ten children at once.”
― Compton Gage

“You do not love me; you love my success!”
― Compton Gage

“Blood shall drop out of wood, and the stone shall give his voice, and the people shall be troubled:”
― Compton Gage

“Like as a young child may not bring forth the things that belong to the aged, even so have I disposed the world which I created.”
― Compton Gage

“Seeing thou hast now given me the way, I will proceed to speak before thee: for our mother, of whom thou hast told me that she is young, draw now nigh unto age.”
― Compton Gage

“They that be born in the strength of youth are of one fashion, and they that are born in the time of age, when the womb fail, are otherwise.”
― Compton Gage

“Behold, O Lord, yet art thou nigh unto them that be reserved till the end: and what shall they do that have been before me, or we that be now, or they that shall come after us?”
― Compton Gage

“How insightful of Finland to devise a topic-based curriculum in their schools! This means that dicreet "subjects" that are taught may cross-fertilise each other, and the possibilities in this are amazing!”
― Suzy Davies

“The things that preoccupy our minds can help us achieve a long term goal if we have an intention to fulfill our dreams.”
― Saaif Alam

“The more thou search, the more thou shall marvel.”
― Compton Gage

“Ponder now by thyself, how great fruit of wickedness the grain of evil seed had brought forth. And when the ears shall be cut down, which are without number, how great a floor shall they fill?”
― Compton Gage

“Thou hast given a right judgment, but why judge thou not thyself also?”
― Compton Gage

“For like as the ground is given unto the wood, and the sea to his floods: even so they that dwell upon the earth may understand nothing but that which is upon the earth: and he that dwell above the heavens may only understand the things that are above the height of the heavens.”
― Compton Gage

“I beseech thee, O Lord, let me have understanding: For it was not my mind to be curious of the high things, but of such as pass by us daily.”
― Compton Gage

“Wherefore the present age is given up as a reproach to the heathen, and for what cause the people whom thou hast loved is given over unto ungodly nations?!”
― Compton Gage

“Why the law of our forefathers are brought to nought, and the written covenants come to none effect-”
― Compton Gage

“We pass away out of the world as grasshoppers, and our life is astonishment and fear, and we are not worthy to obtain mercy.”
― Compton Gage

“What will he then do unto his name whereby we are called? ...of these things have I asked.”
― Compton Gage

“I went into a forest into a plain, and the trees took counsel- And said, Come, let us go and make war against the sea that it may depart away before us, and that we may make us more woods.
The floods of the sea also in like manner took counsel, and said, Come, let us go up and subdue the woods of the plain, that there also we may make us another country.
The thought of the wood was in vain, for the fire came and consumed it.
The thought of the floods of the sea came likewise to nought, for the sand stood up and stopped them.
If thou wart judge now betwixt these two, whom would thou begin to justify? or whom would thou condemn?”
― Compton Gage

“The more thou search, the more thou shall marvel; for the world hast fast to pass away-”
― Compton Gage

“The world hast fast to pass away- And cannot comprehend the things that are promised to the righteous in time to come: for this world is full of unrighteousness and infirmities.”
― Compton Gage

“As concerning the things whereof thou asked me, I will tell thee; for the evil is sown, but the destruction thereof is not yet come.”
― Compton Gage

“If therefore that which is sown be not turned upside down, and if the place where the evil is sown passes not away, then cannot it come that is sown with good?”
― Compton Gage

“The grain of evil seed had been sown in the heart of Adam from the beginning, and how much ungodliness had it brought up unto this time? and how much shall it yet bring forth until the time of threshing come?”
― Compton Gage

“Verily it is a foolish thought that they both have devised, for the ground is given unto the wood, and the sea also had its place to bear its floods.”
― Compton Gage

“How, and when shall these things come to pass? wherefore are our years few and evil?”
― Compton Gage

“Do not thou hasten above the most Highest: for thy haste is in vain to be above him, for thou hast much exceeded.”
― Compton Gage

“Did not the souls also of the righteous ask question of these things in their chambers, saying, "How long shall I hope on this fashion?" when cometh the fruit of the floor of our reward?”
― Compton Gage

“O Lord that bear rule, even we all are full of impiety. And for our sakes peradventure it is that the floors of the righteous are not filled, because of the sins of them that dwell upon the earth.”
― Compton Gage

“Go thy way to a woman with child, and ask of her when she had fulfilled her nine months, if her womb may keep the birth any longer within her.”
― Compton Gage

“In the grave the chambers of souls are like the womb of a woman: For like as a woman that travails make haste to escape the necessity of the travail: even so do these places haste to deliver those things that are committed unto them.”
― Compton Gage

“From the beginning, look, what thou desires to see, it shall be shew thee.”
― Compton Gage

“If I have found favor in thy sight, and if it be possible, and if I be meet therefore, shew me then whether there be more to come than is past, or more past than is to come.”
― Compton Gage

“Stand up upon the right side, and I shall expound the similitude unto thee.”
― Compton Gage

“Consider with thyself; as the rain is more than the drops, and as the fire is greater than the smoke; but the drops and the smoke remain behind: so the quantity which is past did more exceed.”
― Compton Gage

“As for the tokens whereof thou ask me, I may tell thee of them in part: but as touching thy life, I am not sent to shew thee.”
― Compton Gage

“Iniquity shall be increased above that which now thou see, or that thou hast heard long ago.”
― Compton Gage

“The land, that thou see now to have root, shall thou see wasted suddenly.”
― Compton Gage

“If the most High grant thee to live, thou shall see after the third trumpet that the sun shall suddenly shine again in the night, and the moon thrice in the day:”
― Compton Gage

“When you've grown up mis-educated, surrounded by fear and hate, unaware of your privilege, lies can sound like the truth.”
― DaShanne Stokes

“Derisively, Ronan said, 'No. The ancient Greeks didn't have a word for Blue.'
Everyone at the table looked at him.
'What the hell, Ronan?' said Adam.
'It's hard to imagine," Gansey mused, 'how this evidently successful classical education never seems to make it into your school papers.'
'They never ask the right questions,' Ronan replied.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves

“Love wins when reflections win over reflexes.”
― Abhishek Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid Vol. 1

“If I should ask thee how great dwellings are in the midst of the sea, or how many springs are in the beginning of the deep, or how many springs are above the firmament, or which are the outgoings of paradise: Peradventure thou would say unto me, ‘I never went down into the deep, nor as yet into hell, neither did I ever climb up into heaven.”
― Compton Gage

“In America, we have an education system where we mass produce high school and college graduates that leads us into a false sense of security that wise people who came before us figured out what we need to know to have the best possible life and that when we have completed our education that knowledge has been imparted to us.”
― Jeanine Joy Ph D

“We aren’t teaching our children to thrive. We teach them to survive. It’s not the same thing. Resilience increases thriving without taking anything away from others.”
― Jeanine Joy, Ph.D.

“It were better that we were not at all, than that we should live still in wickedness, and to suffer, and not to know wherefore.”
― Compton Gage

“What man is able to do that, that thou should ask such things of me?”
― Compton Gage

“Thine own things, and such as are grown up with thee, canst thou not know; How should thy vessel then be able to comprehend the way of the Highest, and, the world being now outwardly corrupted to understand the corruption that is evident in my sight?”
― Compton Gage

“the poor man, whom the law does not allow to take an ear of corn when starving, nor a pair of shoes for his freezing feet, is allowed to put his hand into the pocket of the rich, and say, You shall educate me, not as you will, but as I will...”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Education: An Essay And Other Selections

“The other day I happened to be reading a careful, interesting account of the state of British higher education. The government is a kind of market-oriented government and they came out with an official paper, a ‘White Paper’ saying that it is not the responsibility of the state to support any institution that can’t survive in the market. So, if Oxford is teaching philosophy, the arts, Greek history, medieval history, and so on, and they can’t sell it on the market, why should they be supported? Because life consists only of what you can sell in the market and get back, nothing else. That is a real pathology.”
― Noam Chomsky

“Education is one of the Grand Christianson Obsessions. They’ve been whole years my mother’s kept us home for intensive private study. As a result of that, Paul will perform the first brain transplant, James will someday build a bridge across the Atlantic Ocean, Charlie – who is an actual musical genius – will probably end up writing the Great American Symphony, and I – I know a little bit about a lot of things.
I can tell you the chemical composition of the stuff your stick in your hair; how long it would take you, at just under the speed of light, to get to Alpha Centauri – and how old your body would be when you finally got there; the middle name of the third president of the United States; the amount of the present budget deficit; the author of the Brothers Karamazov, and how many feet there are in a line of trochaic heptameter. The Little Girl Who Had to Know Why, Paul used to call me. But even my mother couldn’t reconcile me and math.”
― Kristen D. Randle, The Only Alien on the Planet

“Nevertheless now have I asked thee but only of the fire and wind, and of the day where-through thou hast passed, and of things from which thou canst not be separated, and yet canst thou give me no answer of them.”
― Compton Gage

“In the end, you will realize most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly.”
― Abhishek Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid Vol. 1

“The greatest futility! says the congregator, "The greatest futility! Everything is futile!" What does a person gain from all his hard work- At which he toils under the sun? A generation goes and another cometh forth, but the earth remains the same.”
― Compton Gage

“Go thy way, weigh me the weight of the fire, or measure me the blast of the wind, or call me again the day that is past.”
― Compton Gage

“In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for thou know not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good.”
― Compton Gage

“Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun: But if a man live many years, and rejoice in them all; yet let him remember the days of darkness; for they shall be many. And all that cometh is vanity.”
― Compton Gage

“These be they that have put off the mortal clothing, and put on the immortal, and have confessed the name of God: now are they crowned, and receive palms.”
― Compton Gage

“Go thy way, and tell my people, the people of thy Lord God what manner of things, and how great wonders of the Lord thy God, thou hast seen.”
― Compton Gage

“And yet their reward appear not, and their labor had no fruit: for I have gone here and there through the heathen, and I see that they flow in wealth, and think not upon thy commandments.”
― Compton Gage

“Weigh thou therefore their wickedness now in the balance, and theirs also that dwell the world; and so shall thy name no where be found anymore.”
― Compton Gage

“When was it that they who dwell upon the earth have not sinned in thy sight? or what people have so kept thy commandments? Thou shall find that you all by name had kept thy precepts; but not the heathen.”
― Compton Gage

“Thy heart had gone too far in this world, and think thou to comprehend the way of the most High?”
― Compton Gage

“As thou know not what is the way of the spirit, nor how the bones do grow in the womb of her that is with child: even so thou know not the works of what makes all.”
― Compton Gage

“God is the greatest Teacher.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“When someone gives you a constructive criticism about your thoughts, this strategy can help you to improve your thinking and writing skills that can result you to have more self respect for enhancing your knowledge.”
― Saaif alam

“Any step forwarded Through Education Must show and lead you a difference in all aspects"
Mohamed Osman Abbasheikh”
― Mohamed Osman Abbasheikh

“Education consensus is through exchange of ideas" Mohamed Osman Abbasheikh”
― Mohamed Osman Abbasheikh

“A well educated human being does not express his or thoughts that can perplex others because he or she has mastered the knowledge to avoid mentioning ideas that are vague, irrelavent and not compelling .”
― Saaif Alam

“To the liberal class, every big economic problem is really an education problem, a failure by the losers to learn the right skills and get the credentials everyone knows you’ll need in the society of the future.”
― Thomas Frank, Listen, Liberal: Or, What Ever Happened to the Party of the People

“Самое плохое, что родитель может сделать для ребенка — сразу после издевательств и халатного отношения к безопасности — это сначала запрещать, а потом разрешать одну и ту же вещь. Потому что из ребенка вырастет гребаный менеджер по продажам: он поймет, что если брать людей измором, то для тебя сделают все, лишь бы ты отстал. И да, может это и принесет ему богатство, но дорогого ли это стоит, когда у тебя, такого богатого и успешного, нет друзей? А друзей нет, потому что от тебя все шарахаются в страхе, что ты начнешь предлагать щетку и вибратор в одном флаконе или средство для потенции на основе отстриженной в полночь шерсти с яичек быка-производителя.”
― Ilze Falb, Mythistoria epistularum 2.0

“Ignorance paired with arrogance (naïveté) is logical, but arrogance paired with awareness (ego) is toxic.”
― Richie Norton

“The difference between a good and a poor student is result”
― ETC Wanyanwu

“Most adults are knowledgeable to a child, but ignorant for their age.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I knew one boy who passed through several schools a dunce and a laughing-stock; the National Board and the Intermediate Board had sat in judgment upon him and had damned him as a failure before men and angels. Yet a friend and fellow-worker of mine discovered that he was gifted with a wondrous sympathy for nature, that he loved and understood the ways of plants, that he had a strange minuteness and subtlety of observation—that, in short, he was the sort of boy likely to become an accomplished botanist.”
― Pádraic Pearse, The Murder Machine and Other Essays

“In fact, healthy students often redouble their resistance to teaching as they find themselves more comprehensively manipulated. This resistance is due not to the authoritarian style of a public school or the seductive style of some free schools, but to the fundamental approach common to all schools-the idea that one person's judgment should determine what and when another person must learn.”
― Ivan Illich, Deschooling Society

“The language of academic discourse, which is crucial to academic progress beyond grade 3 is learned by all children through literacy: there are no native speakers of academic language!”
― L. W. Fillmore

“To Avoid Self Destruction Is Not To Be Grouped Through Life By Pursuing Education Alone”
― Sunday Adelaja

“At the Harvard Symposium for Hard Problems in Social Science , Emily Oster
presented a very simple, elementary problem: almost all people with type-2
diabetes who are overweight can be cured by losing a little bit of weight. They are
made aware of it, yet they usually gain weight a�er diagnosis (she mentioned
"Atkins" among the options, so it was not just AMA low-fat.). It is so obvious that
we know what to do yet do not carry the action because thinking can be largely
ornamental. The proof of the sterility of (a significant class of) knowledgesterility of (a significant class of) knowledge was right
there (among the obvious evidence that the population has been gaining weight in
spire of technological and educational progress). Yet the others social scientists
kept exalting the value of "education" in spite of this simple devastating evidence.
Someone even suggested teaching more "critical thinking". This is the great sucker
problem: people who teach truly think that teaching, or, worse, preaching, cures.”
― Nassim Taleb

“Our big mistake in modern intellectualism is first and foremost its lack of nuance. We have made science synonymous with atheism - a presupposed conception and yet, another means to non sequiturs - and therefore, to a number of enthusiasts determined to go the further, anti-theism. Hereby let us observe that science has long served best and should be, if none other, the one discipline, if at all possible, free of potential ideology, pro-religious or anti-religious, and/or biased presupposition in order to maintain the true authenticity and the full reliability of its nature.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“In academics, an excellent result without personal effort is a copied work”
― ETC Wanyanwu

“He talks some more about classes he likes--not many--and those he doesn't like, and it is clear that, whatever sophisticated planning has gone into curriculum design at Alan's school, the distinction between a good class and a bad class, from his point of view, has a lot to do with the freedom it offers to stand up and walk around.”
― Dan Kindlon, Raising Cain: Protecting the Emotional Life of Boys

“Discovery Determines The System Of Education”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Education Is An Attempt To Discover Unwritten Laws That Governs The Earth”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Education is the movement from darkness to light”
― Allan Bloom

“Education Helps To Understand Natural Laws And To Some Extent Spiritual Principles”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Education falls short of divine truth that will empower our spiritual lives”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Spiritual wisdom manifests regardless of the level of education”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Do Not Grope To Life By Pursuing Education Alone”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Learning is not a form of slavery when you are getting an education. It is a privilege that can expand your knowledge and horizons in order to better understand the core values of survival if you are willing to put the time and effort to be a well educated human being,”
― Saaif Alam

“Learning is not a form of slavery when you are getting an education. It is a privilege that can expand your knowledge and horizons in order to better understand the core values of survival if you are willing to put the time and effort to be a well educated human being.”
― Saaif Alam

“I wonder if more students would do better in elementary and high school if teachers taught more about individual exploration of subjects and less about sliding smoothly along observational ruts. Exploration is a liberal art, because it is an art that liberates, that frees, that opens away from narrowness. And it is fun.”
― John R. Stilgoe, Outside Lies Magic: Regaining History and Awareness in Everyday Places

“If you stop learning, you soon forget what you already know.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Whatever you want, work for it.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A tangible sense of excruciation is caused by an unfair and cruel punishment. However, this problem can be resolved if people as a whole crowd courageously speak up and propose for a reform to balance their governments' power.”
― Saaif Alam

“If you terminate a person from your life who is very toxic towards your reputation, you can actually lead yourself pertaining a career that you desire without any interference.”
― Saaif Alam

“Sorry. But it isn’t for us to change how things are. I’m just an administrator. You’re just a teacher.”

“Oh, I hope I don’t teach. Because look what we did: we saved the zoo animals and the nice children and we damned the afflicted and the blacks. You know what I do every day in that classroom? I do everything in my power to make sure those poor souls won’t learn the obvious lesson.”

“If I were you,” said Tom, “I should stick to reading, writing and arithmetic.”

“But what good is it to teach a child to count, if you don’t show him that he counts for something?”
― Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven

“When you present something in writing to a vast group of audiences that has an obscured meaning to it, it means that you are trying to delude your readers from figuring out your actual idea. This kind of act can jeopardize other peoples' life and someone who has a distinguished intelligence can eventually intervene your actions and you could face civil or criminal allegations for fraud because this kind of behavior is considered as a serious offense.”
― Saaif Alam

“A speaker who wisely and sincerely expresses his or thoughts eloquantly in public, he or she can fully understand the topics that result others to rely on his or her policy for a specific social economic and/or political reform that can take place in their community.”
― Saaif Alam

“The cure to eliminate fake news is that people stop reading 140-character tweets and start reading 600-page books.”
― Piero Scaruffi

“Do not give them a candle to light the way, teach them how to make fire instead. That is the meaning of enlightenment.”
― Kamand Kojouri

“The leaders and followers of the Harlem Renaissance were every bit as intent on using Black culture to help make the United States a more functional democracy as they were on employing Black culture to 'vindicate' Black people.”
― Aberjhani, Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance

“Schools are even less efficient in the arrangement of the circumstances which encourage the open-ended, exploratory use of acquired skills, for which I will reserve the term "liberal education." The main reason for this is that school is obligatory and becomes schooling for schooling's sake: an enforced stay in the company of teachers, which pays off in the doubtful privilege of more such company. Just as skill instruction must be freed from curricular restraints, so must liberal education be dissociated from obligatory attendance. Both skill-learning
and education for inventive and creative behavior can be aided by institutional arrangement, but they are of a different, frequently opposed nature.”
― Ivan Illich, Deschooling Society

“The whole theory of modern education is radically unsound. Fortunately in England, at any rate, education produces no effect whatsoever. If it did, it would prove a serious danger to the upper classes, and probably lead to acts of violence in Grosvenor Square.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest

“Skill teachers are made scarce by the belief in the value of
licenses. Certification constitutes a form of market manipulation and is plausible only to a schooled mind.
Most teachers of arts and trades are less skillful, less inventive, and less communicative than the best craftsmen
and tradesmen. Most high-school teachers of Spanish or French do not speak the language as correctly as their
pupils might after half a year of competent drills. Experimentsconducted by Angel Quintero in Puerto Rico
suggest that many young teen-agers, if given the proper incentives, programs, and access to tools, are better than
most schoolteachers at introducing their peers to the scientific exploration of plants, stars, and matter, and to the
discovery of how and why a motor or a radio functions.”
― Ivan Illich, Deschooling Society

“By denying the youth an education you murder the future
RjS”
― rassool jibraeel snyman

“The state university is supported by grants from the people of the state, voted by the state legislature. In theory, the degree of support which the university receives is dependent upon the degree of acceptance accorded it by the voters. The state university prospers according to the extent to which it can sell itself to the people of the state.

The state university is therefore in an unfortunate position unless its president happens to be a man of outstanding merit as a propagandist and a dramatizer of educational issues. Yet if this is the case--if the university shapes its whole policy toward gaining the support of the state legislature--its educational function may suffer. It may be tempted to base its whole appeal to the public on its public service, real or supposed, and permit the education of its individual students to take care of itself. It may attempt to educate the people of the state at the expense of its own pupils. This may generate a number of evils, to the extent of making the university a political instrument, a mere tool of the political group in power.”
― Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda

“there is no place of politics in education. The moment you let politics invade your education system, you inadvertently welcome chaos into the future of young India. Educational institutions have nothing to do with political propagandas. So, open your eyes, and throw any kind of political agenda out of your institutions.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul

“Every person has his secret; in reverie, unbeknown to others, he finds peace, freedom, sorrow and love.”
― Abhishek Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid Vol. 1

“I don't want to spend the rest of my life paying off loans when I don't even like school to begin with.”
― Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe

“What's missing is not money, but a national sense of urgency.”
― Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream

“When people have a controversial opinion about an event or a prominent figure, it can significantly increase conflicts of interests that can result people to be socially excluded who don't share the same perspective as them. The way people can end conflicts of interests is to negotiate their conflicting views and unite in order to establish tranquility.”
― Saaif Alam

“Ignorance rises in our counity because people do not utlize their common knowledge to express their thoughts to others that can be considered fair and rational.”
― Saaif Alam

“An Educated Woman is an Empowered Woman.”
― Henry Johnson Jr, Liberian Son

“Ignorance rises in our community because people do not utlize their common knowledge to express their thoughts to others that can be considered fair and rational.”
― Saaif Alam

“Education is worthy if it tells you that how you can be a blessing for humanity.”
― Deepak Burfiwala, Self-Ignorance Is Your Problem. Self-Awareness Is Your Solution.: Success Is Your Birthright! Life Is Yours and You Are the Pilot of It, Do Something about It.

“Its only by educating the youth to challenge you that you remove the chains on their minds that you have placed there
RjS”
― rassool jibraeel snyman

“Teachers greatly influence how students perceive and approach struggle in the mathematics classroom. Even young students can learn to value struggle as an expected and natural part of learning, as demonstrated by the class motto of one first-grade math class: If you are not struggling, you are not learning. Teachers must accept that struggle is important to students' learning of mathematics, convey this message to students, and provide time for them to try to work through their uncertainties. Unfortunately, this may not be enough, since some students will still simply shut down in the face of frustration, proclaim, 'I don't know,' and give up. Dweck (2006) has shown that students with a fixed mindset--that is, those who believe that intelligence (especially math ability) is an innate trait--are more likely to give up when they encounter difficulties because they believe that learning mathematics should come naturally. By contrast, students with a growth mindset--that is, those who believe that intelligence can be developed through effort--are likely to persevere through a struggle because they see challenging work as an opportunity to learn and grow.”
― National Council of Teachers of Mathematics, Principles to Actions: Ensuring Mathematical Success for All

“We are capable of learning any art.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“With self discipline, self study is possible.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“In my pursuit of historical ecology, I find the pleasure of reading history.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“My pursuit of science turns into a passion for spirituality.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“During my life, I've just wondered why I have to learn from school, not from society. And now, the answer is : the decrepit education.”
― Anymous Writer

“The philosophic aim of education must be to get each one out of his isolated class and into the one humanity. Prudence and responsibility are not middle-class virtues but human virtues.”
― Paul Goodman

“Education is a natural community function and occurs inevitably, since the young grow up on
the old, towards their activities, and into (or against) their institutions; and the old foster, teach,
train, exploit and abuse the young. Even neglect of the young, except physical neglect, has an
educational effect -- not the worst possible.”
― Paul Goodman, Compulsory Mis-education/The Community of Scholars

“Confronting information that directly challenges existing beliefs can be psychologically threatening to people, especially if the information challenges their sense of identity.”
― Rachel Hilary Brown, Defusing Hate: A Strategic Communication Guide to Counteract Dangerous Speech

“Das habe ich von meiner Großmutter gelernt: Daß man durch die Macht der Worte den Krieg nicht nur beginnen, sondern auch gewinnen kann.”
― Diome Fatou

“If you possess the character that you have in your daily lives, nobody can't forcefully change your personality unless you embrace their influence.”
― Saaif Alam

“If each and one of us understands the essence of human values, we will be able to sustain our civilization by living in tranquility and embrace the opportunities that each of us can contribute to our society.”
― Saaif alam

“If I have a book that thinks for me, a pastor who acts as my conscience, a physician who prescribes my diet, and so on... then I have no need to exert myself. I have no need to think, if only I can pay; others will take care of that disagreeable business for me.”
― Immanuel Kant, What is Enlightenment

“There are seven occult kingdoms in the universe, which are the kingdoms of Satan and the fallen angels. There are various planes, zones, realms and centers as well as deities, gods and lords. The Five Cosmic Seals (occult levels) are the universal summary of the 400,000 categories of occult initiations, powers and demons (Astrometaphysical Operations). There are male and female, neuter and mermaid spirits (demons or Cosmic Forces).”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“There are occult Esoteric Metaphysics (the secret and most confidential aspect of occult teachings) and Mystical Sciences practiced by mystical adepts, Living Grand Masters. This is the cosmological verdict of the Order of Astral and Terrestrial Hierarchy universal occult recognition. Exoteric is public occult teachings. An Adept uses the Technique of the Master. Hell is called After-Life-Hallucination. There are entities, spirits, demons, demi-gods, Archangels and other names for evil beings. A Guru is a spiritual Master.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“Formal education opens the world to you; contemplation and reflection open yourself to you.”
― Debasish Mridha

“A formal education will give you knowledge; self-education will give you wisdom.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The true value in education is, I think, the way that it teaches us to investigate ourselves and our world. It often forces us to step outside of ourselves and our experiences, and that is an absolutely essential ability for a writer to have.”
― Kristen Twardowski

“Fifth Cosmic Seal:
(Liber 003 - Seal of Tuzassotama) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is mystically empowered to proclaim himself as "God, Lord, Universal Master or God-Incarnate" on earth and he controls all spirits of the occult kingdoms.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“Insanity can inhibit a person from thinking consciously about his or her thoughts and actions that can result him or her to perform dangerous acts without realizing at all.”
― Saaif Alam

“If you are a person that is willing to fulfill your reputation becoming famous, you should feel optimistic about your goals.”
― Saaif Alam

“The most important duty of a teacher is to not only teach but to also inspire and enhance the desire for learning.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Seals:
The Five Cosmic Seals are five occult Level 333, 666, 999, 1330 and 003 operating 400,000 minuet mystical degrees.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“First Cosmic Seal:
(Devic Seal 333) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is empowered to control not less than 40,000 spirits.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“Second Cosmic Seal:
(Seal of Karl 666) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is empowered to control not less than 160,000 spirits. Many great politicians, military commanders, etc. on earth are at this occult level of operations. This will be the occult level of Antichrist.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“Third Cosmic Seal:
(Shiva Seal 999 - Seal Destruction) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is empowered to control not less than 2,500,000 spirits which depends on the mastership of one's occult and psychic projections. Women are generally kept at this level with a few women exceeding this level.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“Fourth Cosmic Seal:
(Terrestrial Seal 1330 - Seal of Ba-Vara) One who has received this Cosmic Seal (Living Grand Master of the Order of Astral and Terrestrial Hierachy) is empowered to control not less than 100,000,000 spirits and 33,000,000 demi-gods.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“If you bewilder other people about your self identify, this shows that you are behaving really good in disguise. Also, if posses this kind of personality, you will likely have no remorse for your mistakes and you will eventually lose your trust from others.”
― Saaif Alam

“A terrible plague has either killed mankind or transformed them into demons ... and all they want is Compton's soul.
The best place to conceal esoteric information is right in front of us.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“The best place to conceal esoteric information is right in front of us.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“Slightly higher density polarized negative entities", regardless of their actual metaphoric names. What's in a name... a rose still has thorns!”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“This is the vital difference between Conscious Beings, which we are morphing into organically, and those who are asleep or unconscious.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“The concept that man is not awake, and that only a fully conscious being can "do", have will and not be subject to the law of accident.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“If the 4th "dimension" is blocked, which is a kind of cosmic umbrella, through which 5D through 9D and higher are designed to operate in physical realms, being non-physical, then the Devil who controls "the spice" controls everything. It would be easy to continue with the reasons behind death, terrible plague on earth.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“Secret glances are shared by those on the "inside" or esoteric "inner circle", who have literally gone into many lower frequencies simultaneously. This is the "secret glance" of love, which allows the higher to operate in the lower; to "save" those worlds in order to correct the impending takeover of the "Devil and his demons", a metaphor for light and dark "battles" raging today.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“The "inner circle of humanity" recognizes others through frequency, regardless of walk of life or "positioning in the astral". This is an operation run invisibly from Outside the astral. Going Home represents the final shift to one's true spiritual families of light, in all dimensions of harmonics; higher vibrations/love in unity consciousness, above, below and literally "everywhere and everynow".”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“Set as higher dimensional beings walking the earth today, who must INcarnate (there is no REincarnation if there is no time. Exception: descending spirals which crystallize in lower frequencies) to live in the various dream worlds (this one included) with the final "kick"/baptism by water, pulling up ALL the densities/dimensions through LOVE.”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“This is just a brief "off the top of the head" first blush analysis, and if one wanted to dig deeper, it wouldn't be difficult to discover more "gems" hidden in plain sight.
Devil's Inception!”
― Compton Gage, Devil's Inception

“If you have the capability to stimulate your brain power by being eager to accumulate new knowledge from reading important texts in a daily basis , you will eventually be able to prove your distinguished intelligence to others by pursuing a prestigious career.”
― Saaif Alam

“A great teacher will invite every student to learn and to participate and inspire more and more learning.”
― Mommy Moo Moo

“When you have deep insights about someone, you are being very matured by trying to help this person to fulfill his or her potentials by having a deep understanding about his or her strengths and weaknesses.”
― Saaif A;lam

“Thus the struggle between rule and spirit repeats itself year after year from school to school. The authorities go to infinite pains to nip the few profound or more valuable intellects in the bud. And time and again the ones who are detested by their teachers are frequently punished, the runaways and those expelled, are the ones who afterwards add to society's treasure. But some - and who knows how many? - waste away quiet obstinacy and finally go under.”
― Hermann Hesse, Beneath the Wheel

“Come on people! Somebody disagree with me! How can we learn anything if no one will disagree?" Rabbi Stern”
― Athol Dickson, The Gospel According to Moses: What My Jewish Friends Taught Me about Jesus

“Empower yourselves with a good education, then get out there and use that education to build a country worthy of your boundless promise.”
― Michelle Obama

“Dear my strong girls, you will all go through that phase of life making a mistake of helping a toxic girl whose friendship with you turns into her self-interest. This kind of girls is a real burden towards the empowerment of other females as they can never get past their own insecurity and grow out of high-school-like drama. Despite how advanced we are in educating modern women, this type will still go through life living in identity crisis, endlessly looking for providers of any kind at the end of the day. They can never stand up for others or things that matter because they can't stand up for themselves. They care what everyone thinks only doing things to impress men, friends, strangers, everyone in society except themselves, while at the same time can't stand seeing other women with purpose get what those women want in life. But let me tell you, this is nothing new, let them compete and compare with you as much as they wish, be it your career, love or spirit. You know who you are and you will know who your true girls are by weeding out girls that break our girlie code of honor, but do me a favor by losing this type of people for good. Remind yourself to never waste time with a person who likes to betray others' trust, never. Disloyalty is a trait that can't be cured. Bless yourself that you see a person's true colors sooner than later. With love, your mama. XOXO”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Wasting time is living in self glorification instead of glorifying God as God is time”
― indonesia123

“My task as a language arts teacher is to provide texts that are not so difficult that my students shut down in frustration and not so easy that my students don't push their thinking.”
― Kimberly Hill Campbell, Less Is More: Teaching Literature with Short Texts, Grades 6-12

“Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. “For the mind does not require filling like a bottle, but rather, like wood, it only requires kindling to create in it an impulse to think independently and an ardent desire for the truth.”
― Plutarch

“The best teachers are those who show you where to look but don't tell you what to see.”
― Alexandra K.Trenfor

“The craving for security has conditioned the society to perceive education not as an endeavor of the mind, rather as a preprogrammed task created by some sophisticated, illusory structure known as the “system of education”. Education means breaking free from the manacles of limitations put forward by primitive ignorance. Yet today’s fake education is gloriously founded upon the primordial element of “limitation”. And the authorities of this so-called education often take pride in their ship shape structure where they manufacture dumb manikins.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“A great teacher not only teaches, they cultivate green fields to grow beautiful flowers to spread the fragrance of peace, happiness, and prosperity.”
― Debasish Mridha

“This is a problem, how can we have a body of knowledge and understanding and resist the temptation to misread the interest of the people because we're looking for an opportunity to unload this great load of gold that we have stored up?”
― Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change

“Recent empirisch onderzoek bracht aan het licht dat het rechtenstudenten lastig valt te bepalen wat zwaarder is: een kilo appels of een kilo peren. De een schatte een kilo appels op anderhalve kilo. De ander wist het zeker: een zak met een kilo peren woog beslist niet meer dan één pond.”
― Hans Nieuwenhuis, Brief aan een jonge academisch gevormde vrouw: een en ander over recht, geleerdheid en het verlangen naar de verloren tijd

“A person's mental capacity can enable him or her to become a vigorous human being because he or she will be persistent to tolerate a lot of physical or mental weight that are loaded upon him or her.”
― Saaif Alam

“Hľadajme spôsob, aby učitelia menej učili a žiaci viac pochopili.”
― Jan Amos Komenský

“Knowledge in our heads is useless. Its power is unleashed only when it is shared.”
― Mansur Hasib, Cybersecurity Leadership: Powering the Modern Organization

“Leesvaardigheid in drie moderne vreemde talen (Frans, Duits, Engels); is dat geen gepasseerd station? Het gepasseerde station roept het beeld op van een reisdoel dat onbereikbaar is geworden doordat de trein er voorbij is gereden. Maar zo onomkeerbaar zijn treinreizen niet. Wie in de laatste trein naar Uithuizermeeden in slaap valt en wakker wordt in Roodeschool (het eindpunt), heeft alle reden zijn lot bitter te beklagen. Toch hoeft hij niet de rest van zijn leven in Roodeschool te slijten. De volgende morgen gaat weer een trein richting Groningen. De onfortuinlijke reiziger kan alsnog zijn reisdoel bereiken door in Uithuizermeeden uit te stappen.”
― Hans Nieuwenhuis, Brief aan een jonge academisch gevormde vrouw: een en ander over recht, geleerdheid en het verlangen naar de verloren tijd

“I think that we have to create in ourselves, through critical analysis of our practice, some qualities, some virtues as educators. One of them, for example, is the quality of becoming more and more open to feel the feelings of others, to become so sensitive that we can guess what the group or one person is thinking at that moment.”
― Paolo Freire

“A society that fails to water the life-seeds of its members may be capable of instructing its citizens, but will be incapable of truly educating its children or wholly embracing its youth.”
― Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul

“Todo professor íntegro leciona por paixão. Paixão pelo quê? Por ganhar pouco, correr o dia inteiro, ficar para lá e para cá? Não, claro que não. Temos paixão por aquela ideia de que gente foi feita para ser feliz.”
― Mario Sergio Cortella, Pensatas pedagógicas

“Higher education is an institution where you to take the responsibility of your own learning and your instructors will only lend you the knowledge. You should understand as a student in higher education that your instructors will not be held accountable for your failure because you are considered as a grown adult to make the decision whether or not you will take pride in your education and pursue career opportunities.”
― Saaif Alam

“Successes don't teach you much, but mistakes? That's a learning situation.”
― Lyle Link, Dave Isay

“A new year can be a new beginning for some people where they can either improve or worsen their status that relates to their progress of their education, financial status or the type/number of people they have a relation with.”
― Saaif Alam

“The authorities of this so-called education take pride in their ship shape structure where they manufacture dumb manikins.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Education means breaking free from the manacles of limitations put forward by primitive ignorance.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“A gifted person who is born in the world can unleash distinctive qualities about him or herself if he or she is confident enough to reveal his or her own strengths towards everyone.”
― Saaif Alam

“An enthusiastic person who is very logical with his or her own thinking process, he or she can eventually express his or her thought with delight and humor to educate and entertain his or her audiences.”
― Saaif Alam

“Quite like religious fundamentalism, educational fundamentalism is based upon bookish creeds created by the self-proclaimed authority figures of the system. And this very fundamentalism is the cause of all the growing conflicts between the student-body of the education society and the teachers running that society. These conflicts further become tools of exploitation in the hands of a handful of war-mongering, authoritarian, blood-sucking politicians.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Qualification sans quality, is no qualification at all.”
― Miguel Queah

“The secretary of education recently unveiled an initiative for curriculums to place more emphasis on history and language. Within the decade, proficiency in at least three languages will be required of all American schoolchildren by graduation. And along with its other recommendations, the CDC has issued a promulgation that every U.S. citizen “unplug” for at least two hours each day.
location 6374”
― Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange

“When you plan something that is unpragmatic, it proves that you do not have a lot of knowledge about your topic that you are mentioning to others.”
― Saaif Alam

“If something traumatizes you, please do not think that your life is coming to an end. You will still have opportunities to resume with your life by speaking up and seeking for assistance.”
― Saaif Alam

“My mother's gifts of courage to me were both large and small. The latter are woven so subtly into the fabric of my psyche that I can hardly distinguish where she stops and I begin.”
― Maya Angelou, Mom & Me & Mom

“The framers of our Constitution firmly believed that a republican government could not endure without intelligence and education generally diffused among the people. The Father of his Country, in his Farewell Address, uses this language: Promote, then, as an object of primary importance, institutions for the general diffusion of knowledge. In proportion as the structure of a government gives force to public opinion, it is essential that public opinion should be enlightened.”
― Ulysses S. Grant

“Whenever I ask a question, and the pain comes, I know I have asked a really good question.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, The Sirens of Titan

“Education isn’t something your professors make for you. It’s something you make for yourself.”
― Lance Olsen, Rebel Yell: A Short Guide to Fiction Writing

“Unfortunately for the university, none of that information could make the slightest place for itself inside the circuits of my brain. I was looking for education, but all I found was heartless indoctrination. And indoctrination is not just demeaning to the human conscience, it is lethal for the flourishing psychology of the hungry, young mind.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost

“This is not Education. It is a process of manufacturing computation devices that look like Homo sapiens.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Education means nourishing the mind and make it develop in order to see beyond the limitations of current social perception.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“The problem with studying is that it gets in the way of education.”
― Neel Burton

“There is nothing to be gained by pretending that academic involvement is necessary, or even always desirable, in the quest for truth and knowledge.”
― Christopher Langan

“Tom had never found any difficulty in discerning a pointer from a setter, when once he had been told the distinction, and his perceptive powers were not at all deficient. I fancy they were quite as strong as those of the Rev. Mr Stelling; for Tom could predict with accuracy what number of horses were cantering behind him, he could throw a stone right into the centre of a given ripple, he could guess to a fraction how many lengths of his stick it would take to reach across the playground, and could draw almost perfect squares on his slate without any measurement. But Mr Stelling took no note of those things: he only observed that Tom's faculties failed him before the abstractions hideously symbolized to him in the pages of the Eton Grammar, and that he was in a state bordering on idiocy with regard to the demonstration that two given triangles must be equal - though he could discern with great promptitude and certainty the fact that they were equal.”
― George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss

“The world needs teachers – teachers who have broken their own shackles of indoctrination – teachers who can go beyond the narrow-mindedness of the society. A handful of these young, brave and zealous teachers in every nation, shall be enough to rekindle the spark of pure knowledge in the entire species.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Your world needs you. So, use your education to become endowed with muscles of iron and nerves of steel. Do not exploit the means of education to become a man or a woman. Use it to become a human being, in the pursuit of excellence.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost

“All the good things on this earth are trophy cups. The strong win them. The weak lose them.
from a speech by the Nazi Minister of Education”
― William L. Shirer, Berlin Diary: The Journal of a Foreign Correspondent 1934-1941

“This Saturday? As in tomorrow Saturday? We have to give lectures in twelve hours? We're not prepared for that! I can't just pull a cyber-crimes lecture out of my ass!" He could, but it was the principle of the thing.”
― Abigail Roux, Divide & Conquer

“The flow of knowledge towards the mind should be moderated by the faculties of the mind itself, based on the acceptability of nothing but the mind.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“A carefully constructed structure of education is supposed to smoothen the pursuit of knowledge, instead of restricting the flow of knowledge.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“There is a system alright, but the actual element of education has long gone.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Knowledge is NOT power. The correct application of knowledge is power.”
― Izey Victoria Odiase

“The way we can replenish our memories is to look back at textual information that we have either written or read before. If that method is accomplished, we can comprehend and complete tasks that require us to use more critical thinking.”
― Saaif Alam

“All systems of the society are meant to serve the mind, not the mind to serve the systems.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“The known is finite, the unknown is infinite; intellectually we stand on an islet in the midst of an illimitable ocean of inexplicability. Our business in every generation is to claim a little more land.”
― T. H. Huxley

“Learn Japanese FAST with our FREE Podcasts and Audio Lessons. Our unique methods make learning Japanese SUPER EASY! Download our MP3 files to listen and learn.”
― John Smithh

“My expectations from the university were perhaps too idealistic. I had dreams of learning things about innovation and discovery in the field of technology, but all of it hit the ground hard, when I faced with the pathetic reality of the so-called higher education system. To my surprise, I found myself stuck behind the walls of meaningless facts, figures and rankings. It occurred to me that, it was not actually a place for education, rather it was a place where you go to get your head filled with useless undigested information, that you’d probably never use throughout your entire life. It was not education, and moreover, it was definitely not science.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost

“The purpose of education should ultimately be the advancement of the species. And for this to actually happen, the world needs the kind of education by means of which character is formed, strength of the mind is increased and the human intellect is expanded beyond its own limits.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost

“Indoctrination is not just demeaning to the human conscience, it is lethal for the flourishing psychology of the hungry, young mind.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost

“I want to learn. I deserve to read and write. Thoughts for company, and a pen for a voice. Who is more entitled to those privileges than I?”
― Julie Berry, All the Truth That's in Me

“The topics we learn from our four core subjects during our childhood and adolescent stage of our lives help us to understand the norms of common knowledge and take pride of our citizenship.”
― Saaif Alam

“If we are devoted to some inspirational and significant people in our lives, they will never vanish from our memories. The people who we do not keep a good relation with can be forgotten because they do not take affirmative action to help you overcome your obstacles and show support for your success.”
― Saaif Alam

“If we are devoted to some inspirational and significant people in our lives, they will never vanish from our memories. The people who we do not keep a good relation with can be forgotten because they do not take affirmative action to help you overcome your obstacles.”
― Saaif Alam

“Do not be afraid of books, Miss Bennet. Simply treat them with the respect they deserve, and you will be richly rewarded. You do not have to be clever or rich or have attended celebrated schools or universities in order to appreciate them. It is enough simply to have an open and receptive mind-- and sometimes, it is true, a little perseverance. But you must not be afraid, Miss Bennett, for books do not judge you.”
― Natasha Farrant, The Secret Diary of Lydia Bennet

“The function of the university is not simply to teach breadwinning, or to furnish teachers for the public schools, or to be a centre of polite society; it is, above all, to be the organ of that fine adjustment between real life and the growing knowledge of life, and adjustment which forms the secret of civilisation.”
― W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk

“Being articulate is no guarantee of intelligence,” Zoe said. “I’m not doubting the value of education. I’m doubting its reach. Highly educated politicians still do stupid things. Anthony Weiner was educated; Mugabi was educated; Assad was educated; Mussolini was educated. For all their education, look at them.”
― Michael Benzehabe

“It's like a malicious person lifting a photograph from the developing chemicals too early, and then pronouncing the photographer incompetent.”
― John Taylor Gatto, Dumbing Us Down: The Hidden Curriculum of Compulsory Schooling

“Uniform of a soldier and uniform of a student both are equally needed for the nation.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“The world needs the kind of education by means of which character is formed, strength of the mind is increased and the human intellect is expanded beyond its own limits.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Education makes your maths better, not necessarily your manners.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“I read. The more you read, the more the world opens up to you... and the happier you are and more comforted you feel. It's up to you. No you is educated who cannot educate himself.”
― Mark Helprin, Freddy and Fredericka

“If you could arrange to avoid that routine job-world, you were an intellectual or an artist. Too restless, tremorous, agitated, too mad to sit at a desk eight hours a day, you needed an institution - a higher institution.”
― Saul Bellow, Humboldt's Gift

“Education aims at solving problems, but some educators are problems to be solved”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“So it is our request that you try to study Bhagavad-gītā as it is. Don't try to distort it by your so-called education. Try to understand Kṛiṣṇa as He is saying. Then you will be benefited. Your life will be successful.”
― A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada

“To a lot of children, school is currently mostly a place to learn what you aren’t any good at.”
― Danny Mekić

“Religiousity is unself glory not purity”
― indonesia123

“Biting the hand that feeds you, that's what you're doing Mary Logan, biting the hand that feeds you.'
Again Mama laughed, 'If that's the case, Daisy, I don't think I need that little bit of food.'
With the second book finished, she stared at a small pile of second grade books on her desk.
'Well, I just think you're spoiling those children, Mary. They've got to learn how things are sometime.'
'Maybe so,' said Mama. 'But that doesn't mean they have to accept them. And maybe we don't either.”
― Mildred D. Taylor, Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry

“You don't have to be the most educated or the most experienced to start the journey, but the most willing to out-learn and out-work everyone around you.”
― Farshad Asl

“With or without 'college' we are able to use our senses by perceiving the world around us, that in turn shapes and creates ones own reality. Perception is reality. My 'reality' is not the same as your 'reality' since we all have a different mental database, life experience, physiology, different characteristics, environments we grew up and people we hang out with, etc. I might fall in love with a certain smell while it triggers bad memories for someone else. Same goes for the other senses while perceiving 'reality'. And how real is this so called 'reality' anyway? Our senses can be quite limited compared to a camera or other living creatures on the planet. There are sounds and colours humans can not detect with their senses. We in fact do not perceive the whole 'picture'. The most important things in life are unseen. My point is that we do not need hierarchic, indoctrinating, and capitalized institution called 'science' to tell us what, when, why, and how to think, experiment, sense, and live our lives. Long before there was any 'science', there was sense first.”
― Nadja Sam

“People with disabilities should not be considered as unadvataged because they can have high self esteem as others to fulfill their potential. People should be aware that a disability is something that some people can be born with and it is not a choice for them. Therefore, they should be treated with respect and should not be discriminated because this kind of behavior can socially isolate them from being part of the rest of their community.”
― Saaif Alam

“Education and knowledge are no longer values of truth and beauty that make life worth living- they are reduced to an economic means to the ends of greater pay and more consumption.”
― Shawn Otto

“People with disabilities should not be considered unadvataged because they can high self esteem as others to fulfill their potential. People should be aware that a disability is something that some people can be born with and it is not a choice for them. Therefore, they should be treated with respect and should not be discriminated because this kind of behavior can socially isolate them from being part of the rest of their community.”
― Saaif Alam

“The paradox of education is that any man only educated by others is an uneducated man; without self-education you cannot be educated one in strict sense of this term.”
― Elmar Hussein

“God has spoken to me, without words, to my heart. He has told me that I am to rewrite the future and remind His people's faith and to help keep that faith alive attached with the Holy Bible to Him. God gave me the name Compton Gage. My earthly name is not important. My person is not part of the reminder. This is not an ordinary book, this is not a Bible. The materials of the Third Testament, was organized and re-written by me. I was given a good authority by God. BY GOD ONLY!”
― Compton Gage

“There is nothing hidden in the hidden time. Know that this, the hidden time, is your everlasting, and live.”
― Compton Gage

“Cleave to the common good. We are all responsible for bringing about the time of great suffering, for its continuing.”
― Compton Gage

“Waktu seorang menolong, pastinya kata ini tak bisa terlupakan : “Thank you”. Saat anda memohon pertolongan pada orang lain serta ia merampungkan pekerjaan yang anda berikanlah kata simpel ini utama untuk dilukiskan. Misalnya : “Thank you for your help”.”
― Azminda Cancino, El Juego: Nosotros

“Act correctly. Incorrect action cannot be justified by incorrect action. An incorrect action taken to cover an incorrect action is doubly incorrect.”
― Compton Gage

“The starvation of a child has no justification, even if the crops have failed, or the population is too large.”
― Compton Gage

“When you are preoccupied with a disturbing thought or felling that is considered irrational and waste of time, you will reduce your time enjoying the pleasure of your life. The strategy to overcome your mental shortcomings, is to participate in outdoor activities and socialize with others who have emphatic understanding about your feelings and thoughts.”
― Saaif Alam

“When you are preoccupied with a disturbing thought or feeling that is considered irrational and waste of time, you will reduce your time enjoying the pleasure of your life. The strategy to overcome your mental shortcomings, is to participate in outdoor activities and socialize with others who have emphatic understanding about your feelings and thoughts.”
― Saaif Alam

“When you are preoccupied with a disturbing thought or feeling that is considered irrational and waste of time, you will reduce your time enjoying the pleasure of your life. The strategy to overcome your mental shortcomings is to participate in outdoor activities and socialize with others who have emphatic understanding about your feelings and thoughts.”
― Saaif Alam

“As a nation we must understand that the future of our country depends on education. It has to be right up front and cannot be an afterthought. It is so important that it has to be available for everyone, not just available to those that can afford it. Our country never fared better than when the GI Bill paid for the education of our veterans. I’m not necessarily advocating a free lunch; however it should be affordable for everyone! For politicians to start handing out vouchers is just a gimmick that shifts funding from Public Schools to Charter Schools. The first thing that should be considered is “Equal Opportunity for All!” I recognize that not everyone is academically gifted or inspired to seek a degree, so a Vocational Technical education may be a viable option for some.”
― Captain Hank Bracker

“The murder of a child has no justification, even if the bombs have missed their mark.”
― Compton Gage

“We have the power to move mountain, if we have faith that the mountain can be moved.”
― Compton Gage

“Those of little understanding say the world will soon end. It is the current age that is coming to an end. The end of this age is the beginning of the next.”
― Compton Gage

“All the truth of God are discoverable through every day life.”
― Compton Gage

“The inner dimension and the hidden time have already been discovered.”
― Compton Gage

“There is no truth without faith. Nothing is proven except to the heart of one who believes.”
― Compton Gage

“God has permitted the great lie for a short time only. That time is now coming to an end. Believers in the lie! You have been raised on the milk of your concrete beliefs. Now it is time for you to be weaned to partake of the solid food of the new age, the "New World Order.”
― Compton Gage

“The great lie that science has given us is that reality is material.”
― Compton Gage

“Science has given us a great lie. It is this lie that ends the current age of faith in God.”
― Compton Gage

“The great lie is like a sword that has been thrust into the heart of humankind.”
― Compton Gage

“God is the one subject of reality. Take away the one subject and there is nothing real.”
― Compton Gage

“The truths of the one subject have already been discovered, but have not been accepted because they spell the death of the faith in the lie.”
― Compton Gage

“Humankind must no longer permit the lie to be taught to its children.”
― Compton Gage

“The great lie can only be defeated by the New World Order. The sooner the New World Order is established by the institutions of the world, the sooner the suffering caused by the lie will end.”
― Compton Gage

“The New World Order is established by degrees. The first degree is truth of the one subject, which follows from the existence and the oneness of the universe, and from the ancient belief that God is all-knowing.”
― Compton Gage

“It is far easier to move mountain than to move science by this one degree. We have the power to move mountain, if we have faith that the mountain can be moved. It is now that our faith is tested. The future of humankind hangs in the balance.”
― Compton Gage

“Focus on the end, not the beginning- on the beginning not the end- The process proceeds in the inner dimension.”
― Compton Gage

“There is no greater crime than a crime against humanity. There is no greater crime against humanity than usury. The greatest violence, and the greatest threat to humanity, is the growth of MONEY.”
― Compton Gage

“There is no greater crime against humanity than usury.”
― Compton Gage

“The greatest violence, and the greatest threat to humanity, is the growth of MONEY.”
― Compton Gage

“In the new faith, there is only one commandment. It is this commandment, and this commandment alone, that must be followed to end the times of suffering, which are soon to come. FORSAKE USURY.”
― Compton Gage

“Those who have assets must withdraw them from the markets of loans. Do not accept notes of loan on speculation. The time will soon come when you will gain no profits from the market of loans, and your wealth will be taken by the very few.”
― Compton Gage

“Now hear of the new judgement. You are judged many times more by what you do in groups than for what you do as individuals.”
― Compton Gage

“You are judged many times more by what you do in groups than for what you do as individuals.”
― Compton Gage

“You are judged many times more by what you give assent to others doing than what you do yourself.”
― Compton Gage

“You are judged more by what you do passively than by what you do actively.”
― Compton Gage

“If one billion of you watch and do not intercede as one million of you assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one billion of you are a billion times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“You are judged many times more by what you do in groups than for what you do as individuals. If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“You are judged many times more by what you give assent to others doing than what you do yourself. If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“You are judged more by what you do passively than by what you do actively. If one billion of you watch and do not intercede as one million of you assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one billion of you are a billion times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“Justice is paramount. The new judgement is the justice of the hidden time.”
― Compton Gage

“The harder you search the more troubled you become.”
― Compton Gage

“Faith is the substance of things hoped for, evidence of things not seen.”
― Compton Gage

“Hear about the hidden time. Some think the hidden time is yet to come. The Kingdom of God does not come by Observation. It is hidden in the inner dimension.”
― Compton Gage

“Justice is about harmony... revenge is about you making yourself feel better.”
― Compton Gage

“Death is not considerate, or fair.”
― Compton Gage

“Purity. Serenity... Solitude: What you ought to uphold. But the important thing is whether you believe it.”
― Compton Gage

“You have strength born of years of grief and anger... The strength of a man denied revenge.”
― Compton Gage

“You have not escaped his notice either- you are here by 'a call' not by choice.”
― Compton Gage

“Patience! It is not how quickly you run, but how slowly.”
― Compton Gage

“You are created invisible spiritually, and invisibility is largely a matter of patience.”
― Compton Gage

“We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.”
― Compton Gage

“Anger does not change the fact. The will to take control is everything.”
― Compton Gage

“To conquer fear, you must become fear.”
― Compton Gage

“To conquer fear, you must become fear - you must bask in the fear of the BOOK... and men fear most what they cannot see- The Power of the Book is spiritual.”
― Compton Gage

“Death does not wait for you to be ready.”
― Compton Gage

“It is right that one must come so far to see the world as it is meant to be.”
― Compton Gage

“Today, death is your opponent.”
― Compton Gage

“It is not enough to be a man.”
― Compton Gage

“It is not enough to be a man... you have to become an idea... a terrible thought... a wraith- indeed- Become one with the darkness.”
― Compton Gage

“By studying, understanding and do the wills of the book, you renounce your mortal life.”
― Compton Gage

“To be a great warrior is not enough. Flesh and blood, however skilled, can be destroyed... you must be more than just a man in minds of your opponents.”
― Compton Gage

“Dedicate your life to solitude and mortify your members which are upon the earth.”
― Compton Gage

“You have purged your way. You are ready to lead sons of men.”
― Compton Gage

“You should assume the mantle of your birthright.”
― Compton Gage

“When The Pyramid falls, the other cities will follow in short order. Nature's balance will be restored and Man will finally return to solitude.”
― Compton Gage

“Your Maker has rescued you from the darkest corner of your own heart... What he asks in return is obedience. And the courage to do what is necessary.”
― Compton Gage

“Throughout the ages, the wisdom has been taught. Now the language has changed, and truth is given in the language of science.”
― Compton Gage

“You are alone. But you seems not afraid- though you weary with your groaning; wandering far off in the wilderness and your eyes, consumed because of your grief; waxed old while you're still young.”
― Compton Gage

“The Kingdom of God does not come by Observation. It is hidden in the inner dimension.”
― Compton Gage

“The hidden time is an eternity that runs through every moment. It is all-time. The hidden time is a thread, and moments are the beads on the thread.”
― Compton Gage

“Get your knowledge quickly and then use it. If you can use it you will retain it.”
― Alfred North Whitehead

“I see you've confused what you're learning in school with actual education.”
― Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner

“I learned how to argue. They called it ‘Debate’. I learned how to worship. I learned how to become an eager worker and a passive consumer.
But I didn’t learn anything practical, like how to purify water, build a home, start a fire, grow food, or survive without the help of corporations.”
― Joss Sheldon, The Little Voice

“Once compulsory systems of state-run schools were established, they became increasingly standardized, both in content and in method. For the sake of efficiency, children were divided into separate classrooms by age and passed along, from grade to grade, like products on an assembly line. The task of each teacher was to add bits of officially approved knowledge to the product, in accordance with a preplanned schedule, and then to test that product before passing it on to the next station.”
― Peter O. Gray, Free to Learn: Why Unleashing the Instinct to Play Will Make Our Children Happier, More Self-Reliant, and Better Students for Life

“The purpose of education should be character-building.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Though dead is promised to me, when will I slumber, deep? Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? Are not his days also like the days of an hireling? As a servant earnestly desires the shadow, and as an hireling looks for the reward of his work: So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are appointed to me.”
― Compton Gage

“If you had walked through the pleasant Tuscan countryside in the 1890's, you might have come upon a somewhat long-haired teenage high school dropout on the road to Pavia. His teachers in Germany had told him that he would never amount to anything, that his questions destroyed classroom discipline, that he would be better off out of school. So he left and wandered, delighting in the freedom of Northern Italy, where he could ruminate on matters remote from the subjects he had been force-fed in his highly disciplined Prussian schoolroom. His name was Albert Einstein, and his ruminations changed the world.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“Civilization is not inherited; it has to be learned and earned by each generation anew…”
― Will Durant

“Our state of mind defines our character, whether it is or not socially acceptable toward others.This is the way it can part of our identities when we communicate with our surroundings in our everyday life”
― Saaif Alam

“A person who has proper guidance from his or her early childhood can himself or herself expanding his or her horizons living in a well established environment with great level of knowledge and being financially stable.”
― Saaif Alam

“A PhD does not automatically denote wisdom. Merely perseverance.”
― J. Michael Adams

“Knowledge is worth nothing, until it is put to practice.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Growing up, I knew where the world ended. I could see it, at the horizon, where the sky touched the corn. My life was bounded and known. I *knew* the edges of the world. And then I went to college.”
― J. Michael Adams

“My grief were thoroughly weighed, and my calamity laid in the balances together! For now it would be heavier than the sand of the desert.”
― Compton Gage

“What is my strength, that I should hope? Is my strength the strength of stone? Or is my flesh of brass? Is not my help in me.”
― Compton Gage

“Mig angrer av mit hjertens grund
jeg bogen skulde lære
at jeg for alt det jeg har slitt
fik intet andet til profit
end umag og besvære.
Hvad har vi nu, fordi vi gik
vel 20 aars tid i skole,
Og mangt et slag i Haanden fik,
samt banket rygg og kjole?”
― Petter Dass

“Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery, And life unto the bitter in soul; Which long for death, but it cometh not; And dig for it more than for hid treasures; Which rejoice exceedingly, and are glad, when they can find the grave?”
― Compton Gage

“One generation passes away, and another generation cometh forth: but the earth abides for ever.”
― Compton Gage

“All things are full of labour; man cannot utter it; the eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing.”
― Compton Gage

“The thing that had been, it is that which shall be; And that which is done is that which shall be done.”
― Compton Gage

“There is no new thing under the sun. Is there any thing whereof it may be said, 'See, this is new?' it had been already of old time, which was before us.”
― Compton Gage

“I saw under the sun the place of judgement, …that wickedness was there; And the place of righteousness, that iniquity was there. …I said in mine heart, 'Who shall judge the righteous and the wicked:' for there is a time for every purpose and for every work.”
― Compton Gage

“All the labour of man is for his mouth, and yet the appetite is not filled.”
― Compton Gage

“All this have I proved by wisdom: I said, I will be wise; but it was far from me. That which is far off, exceeding deep, who can find it out?”
― Compton Gage

“I applied mine heart to know, and to search, and to seek out wisdom, And the reason of things, And to know the wickedness of folly, even of foolishness and madness: And I find more bitter than death, the woman, whose heart is snares and nets, and her hands as bands-”
― Compton Gage

“Your whole being is deeply troubled- personified the vision of a child's purity, lost in the wilderness of an ever-unchanging and imperfect world.”
― Compton Gage

“Loneliness is your only companion.”
― Compton Gage

“Only dead surpasses the sufferings”
― Compton Gage

“You haven't rewarded evil unto them who were at peace with you; nor you have delivered them that without cause is your enemy. But they want to tread down your soul upon the earth, and lay your honour in the dust.”
― Compton Gage

“Many are they that rise up against you. Many there be which say of your soul, ‘’There is no help for you.’’ But the instruments of death is prepared for your cause.”
― Compton Gage

“Most schooling is training for stupidity and conformity, and that's institutional, but occasionally you get a spark, somebody'll challenge your mind, make you think and so on, and that has a tremendous effect you just reach all sorts of people. Of course if you do it you may very have problems, you have to tread the narrow line. There are plenty of people who don't want students to think, they're afraid of the crisis of democracy. If people start thinking you get all these problems that I quoted before. They won't have enough humility to submit to a civil rule or they'll start trying to press their demands in the political arena and have ideas of their own, instead of beleiving what they're told. And privelage and power typically doesn't want that and so they react and the high school teacher that tries to get students to think may find oppression, firing and so on.”
― Noam Chomsky

“Every once in a while you need to challenge yourself and learn new things.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“I don't know which is worse—to have a bad teacher or no teacher at all. In any case, I believe the teacher's work should be largely negative. He can't put the gift into you, but if he finds it there, he can try to keep it from going in an obviously wrong direction. We can learn how not to write, but this is a discipline that does not simply concern writing itself but concerns the whole intellectual life. A mind cleared of false emotion and false sentiment and egocentricity is going to have at least those roadblocks removed from its path. If you don't think cheaply, then there at least won't be the quality of cheapness in your writing, even though you may not be able to write well. The teacher can try to weed out what is positively bad, and this should be the aim of the whole college. Any discipline can help your writing: logic, mathematics, theology, and of course and particularly drawing. Anything that helps you to see, anything that makes you look. The writer should never be ashamed of staring. There is nothing that doesn't require his attention.”
― Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose

“Unless there is some kind of spiritual revolution that can keep abreast of our technological genius, it is unlikely that we will save our planet. A purely rational education will not suffice.”
― Karen Armstrong , The Great Transformation: The Beginning of Our Religious Traditions

“Everything has changed. . . except the way we think. The aim [of education] must be the training of independently acting and thinking individuals, who, however, see in the service of community their highest life problems”
― Albert Einstein

“A genuine education must somehow serve the wings of spirit and imagination that each child brings to life.”
― Michael Meade, The Genius Myth

“The biological equipment of a man rigidly restricts the field in which he can serve.”
― Ludwig von Mises, The Anti-capitalistic Mentality

“If people institute wrong institutions, wrong institutions do not just produce wrong people, but wrong people who understand and accept mediocrity as an institution”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Education is not only filling the mind with knowledge, but it is igniting the candle that enlightens the mind.”
― Debasish Mridha

“In our society, if someone wants to be a hairstylist or a kickboxer or a hunting guide -or a schoolteacher- he or she must be trained and licensed by a state agency. No such requirement is necessary for parenthood. Anyone with a set of reproductive organs is free to create a child, no questions asked, and raise them as they see fit, so long as there are no visible bruises- and then turn that child over to the school system so the teachers can work their magic. Maybe we are asking too much of the schools and too little of our parents and kids?.”
― Stephen D. Levitt Stephen J. Dubner

“To be or not to be: that is the question. That's from Hamlet's - maybe Shakespeare's - most famous soliloquy. I had to memorize the whole speech for sophomore English, and I can still remember every word. I didn't give it much thought back then. I just wanted to get all the words right and collect my A.”
― Gayle Forman, Just One Day

“Education does not exist for the benefit of students or for the benefit of their parents. It's exists for the benefit of social order. You do not need to be a student or have a child who is a student to benefit from education. Every second of every day of your life, you benefit from education.”
― Saminu Kanti

“If you have knowledge, then use it for educating not for degrading.”
― Faisal Nawaz Maitlo

“If Nigeria must advance, we have to steak to work. There is no success that is easy on every body though some success candidate may claim to have gotten there through an easy route. It isn’t always true and unfair to hear that. Minds need to be broken to assemble with others.”
― Prince Akwarandu

“Un habile homme dans les affaires est instruit, prudent et actif: si l'un de ces trois merites lui manque, il n'est point habile.”
― Voltaire

“The best thing that can happen to anyone is for them to gain an education that is aligned to their purpose in life.”
― Oscar Bimpong

“Children, who once looked to their parents for leadership, now turn to their teachers for knowledge, their peers for wisdom, and their music and televisions for entertainment.”
― David D'escoto, The Little Book of Big Reasons to Homeschool

“I am not a Books warm, but I like Books too much.”
― Aqeel Rafique

“...it is very well worth while to be tormented for two or three years of one's life, for the sake of being able to read all the rest of it. Consider - if reading had not been taught, Mrs. Radcliffe would have written in vain - or perhaps might not have written at all.”
― Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey

“Continuing education is about continuing to grow. To never lose sight of bettering oneself and being able to realize that an idea they had so long ago was obtainable. Age does not determine education. Education does not stop at a certain age. Education stops when we lack desire to learn and improve ourselves.”
― Levon Peter Poe

“What you're saying," I clarify through clenched teeth, "is that call boys don't make it far in government.”
― S. Hunter Nisbet, The Mercy of Men

“Teaching is not only a profession, but it a is a purpose of a great life.”
― Debasish Mridha

“A person's practical experience can attribute him or her to teach his or her fellow learners the value of real life responsibilities and its consequences.”
― Saaif Alam

“It is possible to find the passion to read.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“No one was born a reader; we learn to build the habit of reading.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A teacher can change a life just with appreciation and love.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Irinistic motivation can help people attain academic success and possess themselves with great depth of knowledge.”
― Saaif Alam

“A great teacher is one that helps their students to become great. In return, the students appreciate the teacher for their success.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Being fatigued and restless about challenging responsibilities could not lead you to a situation of yourself being highly respected about your dignity and accomplishments.”
― Saaif Alam

“Education is a relentless voyage of discovery.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“If we throw blankets over our children's dreams, we darken their world and extinguish their desire to live.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“There is a miracle in your mess, don't let the mess make you miss the miracle.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Spend a few hours every week studying American history, human nature, and economic theory. Start with “Economics in One Lesson.” Then try Keynes. Then Hayek. Then Marx. Then Hegel. Develop a worldview that you can articulate as well as defend. Test your theory with people who disagree with you. Debate. Argue. Adjust your philosophy as necessary.”
― Mike Rowe

“For those of you who may be homeschooled: high school is that four-year asylum where they put teenagers because we have no idea what else to do with them.”
― Anthony Esolen

“The real flight of this hawk is impending.

Still,this bird is yet to be tested for real.

Though I have leaped over the seas,

well,the entire sky is still remaining to fly.

And make sure that ,i am gonna do it with all my heart and all my soul.

#loveyoourlife #liveyourlife #hvFUN”
― Arunima Sinha, Born Again on the Mountain: a story of losing everything and finding it back

“God is not interested in helping you finding out why you are in a mess, He is interested in fixing it.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Arleen thanked Pana. Getting off the phone, she thanked Jesus. She smiled. When she smiled she looked like a different person. The press had loosened its grip. From landlords, she had heard eighty-nine nos but one yes.

Jori accepted his mother’s high five. He and his brother would have to switch schools. Jori didn’t care. He switched schools all the time. Between seventh and eighth grades, he had attended five different schools—when he went at all. At the domestic-violence shelter alone, Jori had racked up seventeen consecutive absences. Arleen saw school as a higher-order need, something to worry about after she found a house.”
― Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City

“Education being a change of behavior as a result of experience brings about wisdom and knowledge. While knowledge comes from what we read or study, wisdom comes from what we observe and experience.

The purpose of education is not to affect negatively but to positively affect. When I see people using whatever wisdom or knowledge they have to cheat, I see an abuse of education all borne out of ignorance.”
― OMOSOHWOFA CASEY

“I do not have any trust fund, I have always trusted God for all my funds.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“God always sees me with no make-ups on because He knew how we started.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“It is our responsibility to discover our talents, to accept them as from God, to develop them through education and training, and to use them for His glory.”
― J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities

“A great sense of commitment builds a hardworking spirit.”
― Wayne Chirisa

“Many contemporary critics of higher education similarly posit a Golden Age; but no one knows when it was supposed to exist.”
― Mark C. Carnes, Minds on Fire: How Role-Immersion Games Transform College

“My advice for those of you who felt being marginalised, undervalued and taken for granted; guess what? That is the Arena where God creates Leaders.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“It’s when your plans look dead that God’s resurrection power begins to operate in your life in greater measure”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“At his funeral the priest's words applied signally to him: 'The Christian Brothers are a body of men who live without luxury, labour without emolument, and die without notice, that they might stamp God's image on the soul of youth. That surely is a splendid vocation.”
― Edmund Campion, Great Australian Catholics

“I would rather have a man chasing JESUS than a house full of stuffs and garrage filled with big cars.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Raise your children with right values and education. You may end up living frugal but you will die rich; else you will live rich but die poor.”
― Aditya Ajmera

“Of what use is my going to church every day and still come home and remain the same? Of what use is my attending the mosques and the next day I enter the mall with knives and start slaughtering people in the name of religion.
God is a God of variety. He was not stupid creating all of us different with our uniqueness.
His creating us different shows the level of His creativity. He didn't make you white to hate black or vice versa. He made it so that we can cherish and love each other irrespective of our differences just as He loved us with all our flaws and our short comings.
Can we forgive those who have offended us? Yes and some will say no but never forget that you are not worthy but God still forgives you even till the last hour of your life.
If God can love us against all our atrocities why can't we learn to love one another.
Take a look around you, you can only see sad faces. Was that really God's intention for us on earth? Absolutely not. But we have remoulded God's creativity to suit our taste and lifestyles and now we are reaping the fruit of our labour. You should not expect to reap love when you sowed the seed of hatred. What a man sows that he reaps. We sowed on weapons of war and we are yielding war in return. We have sowed on weapons of destruction so why are we asking for peace.
If you ask me....I will say let's go back to our source. He has never lost any battle. I am a living witness.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I am amazed upon the many battle that we engage in, be it money, control or matters of the heart, only very few of us knows how to fight in the right way or understand who we are really fighting against. To win any battle you' ve got to have the right strategy and resources because victories don't come by accident.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Education without discipline and integrity is a waste
A man who acquires school certificates but lacks self discipline and integrity is not educated.”
― OMOSOHWOFA CASEY

“There must always be an opposition because the enemy always opposes what the Lord has declared.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“There is a skill to learning. It is all about what is and what is not. While Science is knowing what is, Art is creating what is not.”
― Sri Sri Ravi Shankar

“Study for Knowledge, not for marks. If you have the Knowledge, you will get the marks.”
― Khurshed Batliwala

“Parents never you make church and studying the word of God optional for your children. If they are in your house, get them up, teach them the word of God, the greatest awards, PhD or achievements any child could have is to grow up in the word of God. I and my family are living witness and it is extending to our third generation.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Education gives you the ability to know it. Intelligence gives you the capacity to fix it. Wisdom lets you know when to do it.”
― Bobby F. Kimbrough, Jr.

“Those who do not continuously seek knowledge are content to settle for mediocrity.”
― Keith Allan Moore

“I didn't come from a success lineage but I am so glad that my earthly lineage is not my final story because when I gave my life to Jesus twelve years back, God interrupted my story.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Never let your education interfere with your learning.”
― Mark Twain

“Unfair prejudice can result people being living with fear and unfair treatment if it is based on physical appearance. Therefore, this conflict should be intervened seriously and violators of this act of hate crime should get punished and understand deeply about the significance of human existence, so they can get pressured to change and act morally.”
― Saaif Alam

“All the failures in my life freed me from all my fears so that I can succeed.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Be careful because God's gifts alone are not able to give you joy; God's gift can only bring you joy when they are joined with your gratitude.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Sometimes what not to do is more important than what to do. Sometimes when you are in crisis, when frustration are high or when you are under pressure, what you don't do is more important than what you do. Don't be afraid. ....”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Whenever you are in transition it is always important to choose the words that you use. You call it crises in your life and I call it transition.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Maybe what you need in your life is not the next level of accomplishment or the next level of accumulation but the next level of appreciation for what you have; that will set the stage to make a space for what you will accumulate in the future. ( a bit deep) Simply put thank God for now before setting the goal for tomorrow because if you grow in gifts and didn't grow in gratitude, you have gained nothing.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I am a bit old fashion but I believe in prayer, I believe prayer can move mountain. Prayer might not be our responsibility but it is a good starting place. It can give us heaven's prospectives on human problems. I know we need to do a bit more than pray but that doesn't mean we don't need to pray.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Be careful the mistake of yesterday always lives with tomorrow.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“If you never listen, you can't see. The devil has got so many people so disconnected that they cannot even listen or even sense when the Lord is speaking.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Christians we cannot be allowed to be fractured at a time like this. There are more of us, there are more of light in us than in the agents of darkness.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I don't want to settle down because God has satisfied me and heard my prayers. I want to stay hungry and thirsty for the things of God.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“At a time like this maybe the world is looking at us not just at a miracle crusade or sunday church service but the way we are living. Maybe they want to see whether what our Master left for us worked for us; there is a counter spirit to the spirit of fear, it is the love of God.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“This is not the first time that the world has been in a mess but you are still God, you left us on the earth, not only to preach in a building but to be the church beyond the buildings.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Before we can fix the situation, we have to first see the situation, the world can't see straight right now, some are blinded by hatred, rage, fear, scepticism, some are blinded by their pains.
We need to pray...pray that God open our eyes to see the problem from the source and not from the surface.
You cannot solve a situation that you cannot see correctly.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“The agenda of the Media is not to inform you, they don't care about you, they are trying to show you the truth. There are some intelligent Christians but they can't find them and put on the air ...for instance me”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“There must be something that God knows about fear that we don't know. I am sure He knows that when you are in a state of fear, you can't fix anything. When we are in a state of fear we can't talk about anything reasonable and we can't solve anything. That is the problem because the media throws all lies on us to create fear and we fall for it....Number one Satan's strategy of getting some people trapped.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Do you know that you can be surrounded by all these blessings, all these relationships, goodness, provisions, opportunities? But if you don't know how to turn the blessing into praise, it will turn into pride and your life will never be filled with joy because your heart has holes in it.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“How about we be the light of Jesus Christ? There are things we tend to forget when fear becomes the driving force. The world is filled with a lot of questions now; what do we do? Who do we elect? How do we fix this? Some people feel powetless in those ways. Helpless, hopeless, confused, overwhelmed.
What do we do?
My answer: Stop looking for practical advice "don't be afraid " "those who are with us are more than those who are with them"
2 kings 6:16”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“God always wants us to see things from heaven's prospective. You may not be doing much to your community but what you are is so important. You are significant.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“The presence of crisis does not prove the absence of God. I think in time of crisis Christians should rise up and point to the world on something bigger. The crisis is an opportunity for us to proclaim to the children of darkness what we proclaim in the light.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Man's panic does not produce God's power.....sometimes you need to pray before you post on social media.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Five minutes after something happened might not be the best time for you to get into your Facebook and tell everybody. Men's panic does not produce God's power.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Conflict is much the same, injustice and inequality is nothing new to our generation only the contest has changed because not only that everyone has opinion but they also have an opportunity to voice it and that is a bit dangerous.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“The conflict hasn't gotten worst but the contest has really changed.............”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I have the word of God and my bible is very interesting, this book was conceived in battle, Jesus Christ our Saviour was conceived in brokenness, out of barenness to redeem a people who were in bondage to their sin. I know exactly where to go when the people start getting confused, trading lies for truth, buying injustice for justice and even when the media starts to show me the prospectives of the world that I am living in, I have my prospective from the word of God.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I am so happy that I grew up knowing the word of God, the spirit of discernment in me is 24hrs activated, I can differentiate between light and darkness. I put on the amour of God even when the whole world is going to hell, I refuse to join them. The light in me shall overshadow every power of darkness.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“All of my life God has allowed me to share prospectives with people who are different. You cannot lead people whose prospective you are not willing to understand.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Surrounded by enemies, surrounded by evil, surrounded by darkness, injustice......."don't be afraid , those who are with us are more than those who are with them"
2 Kings 6:16”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Whenever someone is a threat to the enemy there will be an attack dispatched against that person to try to minimise their effectiveness.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“There is power in the word of God if used properly.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“There is a remedy and there is a hope but the remedy is not in the political party or in places that will take you away from hope. You better run to God, that is the only place you can find both.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Of course, even before Flaubert, people knew stupidity existed, but they understood it somewhat differently: it was considered a simple absence of knowledge, a defect correctable by education. In Flaubert's novels, stupidity is an inseparable dimension of human existence. It accompanies poor Emma throughout her days, to her bed of love and to her deathbed, over which two deadly agélastes, Homais and Bournisien, go on endlessly trading their inanities like a kind of funeral oration. But the most shocking, the most scandalous thing about Flaubert's vision of stupidity is this: Stupidity does not give way to science, technology, modernity, progress; on the contrary, it progresses right along with progress!”
― Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel

“Gratitude without practicing maybe like practicing a faith without good work. A grateful heart is not enough without a grateful habit; because your joy is not produced by what you put in your heart but by habit you put in your life.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Education at a deep level means to ‘lead out’ what is trying to be born from within. The job of a true teacher is to help awaken the inner pupil that has its own way of being and unique way of perceiving
the world.”
― Michael Meade, The Genius Myth

“This strange new test called PISA, which stood for the Program for International Student Assessment. Instead of a typical test question, which might ask which combination of coins you needed to buy something, PISA asked you to design your own coins, right there in the test booklet.”
― Amanda Ripley, The Smartest Kids in the World: And How They Got That Way

“All my pains has always increased my sense of purpose.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Esmenda Jenkins Dube the first was all about fair
and saw her house as an oasis in the middle
of corruption, saw herself as a missionary
converting stupidity into reason. She thought
that was much more useful than a miracle.”
― Thylias Moss, Slave Moth: A Narrative in Verse

“If God gives you a gift and you don't know what to do with it, it won't make you happy. Some of you God gave a wonderful husband but you can't make a home and some of you God gave a wonderful wife but you can't make a good husband. Some of you can't even unwrap the gift so that you can appreciate it.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“It's a most serious mistake to think that learning is an activity separate from the rest of life, that people do it best when they are not doing anything else and best of all in places where nothing else is done. p.278”
― John Holt, Teach Your Own: The John Holt Book Of Homeschooling

“When you do away with God you become your own god, because you recognise no greater power in the universe than yourself.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“2. Christian education places its emphasis on “unity” in relationships between people.”
― James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future

“We wonder why we get credits only to be indebted”
― Goitsemang Mvula

“Words are great, but actions speak louder!”
― Dr. Marcie Beigel, Love Your Classroom Again: Realistic Behavior Strategies for Educators

“Try ONE behavior strategy and be consistent. Watch what happens.”
― Dr. Marcie Beigel, Love Your Classroom Again: Realistic Behavior Strategies for Educators

“but the attitude reading and writing
gives you”
― Thylias Moss, Slave Moth: A Narrative in Verse

“PISA was developed by a kind of think tank for the developed world, called the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, and the scientist at the center of the experiment was Andreas Schleicher.”
― Amanda Ripley, The Smartest Kids in the World: And How They Got That Way

“The whole purpose of education is to create a window of the mind through which you can see the world. Look through that window with your own profound love, joy, harmony, and gratitude.”
― Debasish Mridha

“I have graduated to the extent of not asking what is happening in my life because I trust the maker(God).”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“كانت المدرسة هي العالم وكان العالم هو المدرسة ، ولم نكن ندرك عندئذٍ أن أحداث الحادي عشر من سبتمبر سوف تُغيِّر عالمنا نحن أيضاً ، و أنها سوف تجلب الحرب إلى وادينا.”
― Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban

“I have my priorities and I know my purpose. I do not Praise God because of my pain but I praise Him because of what the pain is producing.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“If you can feed in the presence of your enemies, if you can be blessed under the weight of burdens, when you praise God in pain, it is preparation for provision.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“When you praise God in pain, it is preparing you for provision.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“The things I call crisis and all the things that were coming after me are all coming to serve the purpose of God in my life.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“God made my enemies to serve me in my absence. God made the things that conspired to destroy me feed me into the place that He was preparing for me. I am a big girl and I can handle trouble and my enemies.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“When you learn to have the heart of praise in the presence of your enemies, you set the table; if you can work with God in darkness enough depending on the light that He showed you in the last season, you will learn to read your enemies as a sign that it is time to eat. ( a bit deep). Whenever you sense a crisis in your life, note that your harvest is near.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“God prepared a table before me in the presence of my insecurity, in the presence of my deficits, in the presence of my addictions, in the presence of my confusions, in the presence of what I have lost, in the presence of the threat that I won't make it, in the presence of my enemies, I am looking straight ahead.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Learn to eat with your enemies all around you but most of all thank God for his presence. Keep your eyes fixed to the presence of God in the presence of your enemies.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I have learned to thank God for what I cannot see, I have learned to trust God with what I cannot.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Thank God #EVEN# #THOUGH# in bad times not only in your good; this is a graduated form of gratitude.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Education ignites the lights in the darkness of life.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Intelligence and perserverance cannot defeat the purpose of popularity because it can describe a trait of a successful person who is prominent.”
― Saaif Alam

“The one great art is that of making a complete human being of oneself.”
― G.I. Gurdjieff

“Only the foolish would think that wisdom is something to keep locked in a drawer. Only the fearful would feel empowerment is something best kept to oneself, or the few, and not shared with all.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“We are born, we get names, we get educated, we get values, we get job and money. But all this is not life, life is love found in friendship, friendship found in love and in love, sacrifice.” Vijay”
― Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice

“Everyone is an idiot, not just the people with low SAT scores. The only differences among us is that we're idiots about different things at different times. No matter how smart you are, you spend much of your day being an idiot.”
― Scott Adams, The Dilbert Principle: A Cubicle's-Eye View of Bosses, Meetings, Management Fads & Other Workplace Afflictions

“Punctuation was, it is sad to say, invented a very long time ago. Even more frustrating, it has remained with us ever since.”
― Anne Elizabeth Moore, The Manifesti of Radical Literature

“Scientists are aware that all the lab-rat tests in the world, once compiled, can tell us only how lab rats act when tested, and that is how we must begin to view school: all that you can learn in a school classroom is what goes on inside a school classroom.”
― Anne Elizabeth Moore, The Manifesti of Radical Literature

“I don't just have only the peace of God, I do also have a God who gives peace, not just resources but the revelation of His presence.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“These forays into the real world sharpened his view that scientists needed the widest possible education. He used to say, “How can you design for people if you don’t know history and psychology? You can’t. Because your mathematical formulas may be perfect, but the people will screw it up. And if that happens, it means you screwed it up.” He peppered his lectures with quotations from Plato, Chaka Zulu, Emerson, and Chang-tzu.

But as a professor who was popular with his students—and who advocated general education—Thorne found himself swimming against the tide. The academic world was marching toward ever more specialized knowledge, expressed in ever more dense jargon. In this climate, being liked by your students was a sign of shallowness; and interest in real-world problems was proof of intellectual poverty and a distressing indifference to theory.”
― Michael Crichton, The Lost World

“Be anxious for no thing, be concerned about the state of your soul and that of your children, be concerned about God's work in the world; these are genuine concern but when it comes to the things in your life.....be not anxious. If God is for us who can be against us?”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“What "wasting time" means? At the time we glorify self instead of glorify God, at that time we are wasting our time as... God is Time.”
― indonesia123

“You will always end up in frustration whenever you try to produce outside your purpose.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Some people are disappointed in their life because they are trying to use the tools that God did not authorised them to use in their life, trying to build on a purpose that is not even attached in their personality.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“We are all planted in God's vineyard and our lives are filled with potentials and purpose and we have all been given the hopes to anchor our lives even in the most disappointed times. So God is waiting to see what you and I will make out of the raw materials that He has given to us. He is waiting to see what we will make out of the discouragement and disappointment. I believe that in those deepest places of disappointment that the greatest grace will manifest.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I am so glad that God's disappointment in me is not greater than his love and I still have a Destiny. I am growing in grace and mercy because that is the only soil that can produce the kind of life that God desires.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“People run around looking for millions of likes in their life and on the social media but do you know what? If you get just one true like from just one who loves you the most, it surpasses all other millions. God loves you the most even without make over.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“In God's presence I find peace that is much deeper than any disappointment. I will grow and I understand I can't grow myself, that is why I need God and His grace.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“In God’s Kingdom there are no overnight sensations or flash-in-the-pan successes.
Anyone who wants to be used of God will experience hidden years in the backside of the desert. During that time the Lord is polishing, sharpening and preparing us to fit into His bow, so at the right time, like “a polished shaft” He can launch us into fruitful service. The invisible years are years of serving, studying, being faithful in another person’s ministry and doing the behind-the-scenes work. The Bible says, ‘God is not unjust; he will not forget your work’ (Hebrews 6:10 NIV 2011 Edition). Be patient; when the time is right He will bring forth the fruit He placed inside you.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“If you can't see the assets in you, it will be hard for you to export it to the world. Recognise who you are and the world will recognise you.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“A calamity can horrify an individual who is obsessed about life destruction and that particular individual could not indulge the beauty of living for the rest of his or her natural life.”
― Saaif Alam

“You can't disappoint what God has appointed.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“You don't have to position yourself in front of people to be used by God. You don't have to convince anyone that you are good enough for the voice of God, just be grateful that God chooses who He wills and once He is ready to use you, no devil in hell can stop Him.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Sometimes we want God to use us to do big things when we would not even want to do the basics.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Some people want to kill goliath but they do not want to attend to sheep. How can God use you to kill giants if you cannot follow simple instructions?”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Sometimes God wraps destiny in what we perceive as just another day. The same day that David's father asked him to go and deliver bread to his brothers in the field was the same day that God used him to bring goliath down. Take every minute in your life serious.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“As Lenin put it, "Through the schools we will transform the old world... the final victory will belong to the schools... the final sketch plan of the socialist society will belong to the schools." So the Frankfurt School targeted and took control of the teachers' colleges in order to control what was being taught to children.
...young teachers are forced to go through possibly the most rigorous courses of indoctrination available in any universities.”
― Anna Sofia Botkin, So Much More

“Whoever trains the children controls the future. A chain is only as strong as its weakest link, and a society will only ever be as strong as the families in it.”
― Anna Sofia Botkin, So Much More

“God wants to use you right where you are with what you have not what you do not have.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Childhood years are vital to our total existence. Overloading the child with too much memory oriented learning and formal writing can cripple a child’s sense of wonder. There should be creativity, a ‘Free Progress’ – each child developing and flowering in an absolutely spontaneous, inwardly centered and self directed process. A school makes a break through if it creates a learning environment but it is a parent to make an active choice for kids and to nurture their talents. It is in their hands to recognize their potentialities and offer them an Alternative Education, a commitment, hard work, responsibility, learning the basic skills of reading and writing at own pace with creativity and open minds in open surroundings in tune to environment, blooming naturally!”
― Ilaxi Patel, Guardian of Angels: A Practical Guide to Joyful Parenting

“Don't think because you can't affect something at a great level that God can't use you in a great way. David didn't even train one day with the armies but He won the war. He didn't even have a weapon but he killed a giant.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“A person's reputation can be appealing towards others if he or she understands the great values of ethical behavior.”
― Saaif Alam

“Freedom comes from focus, focus brings freedom. Focus on fear you will always be in prison, focus on faith and is nothing the world can keep you knocked down.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“The forgiveness of God flows through me and because I am forgiven, I can forgive.”
― Patience Johnson

“If you ask me I think the greatest breakthrough each and everyone of us need is not on finance, marriage, work, relationship, own house, car but self. The first breakthrough should start from being selfish.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“If you work by faith and not by sight, you will always see a sign. You have to develop a space of comfort to know that there is a difference between signs and sounds, it means God will tell you that He will make a change in your life but He won't show you anything to demonstrate the change for a little while because He doesn't want your faith to be in the change; He wants your faith to be in the promise, so that when the change is a bit slow in coming, you will know how to trust in Him while you wait for it to come to pass.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“In dealing with us, God always starts with our motives. What do you want for the people? What does God wants for his people? What do you want Him to do for you; that's is a starting place.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Blind barthimus used his mouth and his feet to affect what wasn't working in his life? What do you use to affect what's not working in your life? God is not interested in your perfection, He is interested in your participation. It is your participation that attracts the presence of God.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Sometimes the fact that you can't sense God isn't an indication that He is not there. It is just an indication that you are hanging out in the wrong place.The cave is not a physical location, it is a state of mind.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“What is your motive when you go to church? To feed or to be fed? To serve or to be served? To worship or to be worshipped? To praise or to be praised? To teach or to learn? To give or to receive?
Remember the woman with the issue of blood did not met Jesus in the church. Blind barthimus was blind though he could hear did not see Jesus but heard about Jesus passing; I am just wondering how many people have heard about Jesus through you?
Who was this man interested in? Your answer might be Jesus of course but definitely not. The man loves himself and so was seeking healing even when the crowd could not allow him see Jesus.
Let the crowd in the church not deceive you because God usually speak to one. (A bit deep).”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Dear Lord please show me what really matters so that I may be able to determine what is distraction and God's direction in my life.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Before Marriage opposite attracts, after marriage opposite attacks☺. Just telling you the truth.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Long before something happens in our life, it happened in our heart.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Why do people go to church on Sundays? A question that is very complicated because I know what the answer is supposed to be but I do not really know the answer.
. I think people go because it is a kind of tradition
. I think some goes because someone told them if tgey do not they might go to hell
. Maybe some go to look for a wife or husband ☺
. Maybe some go to church to display their latest designer shoes or handbags
. Some goes just to please their Pastor
. Some people go to church because they love the music or the preaching
. Some goes because of some social reasons and friendship
. Some have it in their mind that they will experience the presence of God in the church
. Some goes to church because of miracle
. Some goes to church when they are expecting something maybe child, comfort, marriage, work etc.
. Some felt it is an obligation to give God a day out of the seven days he created
Let me tell you that church is not there to entertain you, Ephesians 3:20... there are things going on in the church that some people barely know about.
Ask yourself today why do I go to church. I am sure a sincere answer will help you.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“The enemies agenda is destruction, his strategy is division and his tactics is on little differences. Mind you he is not going to be happy until he sees you divided.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“What starts in the heart doesn't stay in the heart, it either turn into action or words.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“The closer the relationship, the greater the opportunities for intimacy. However the greater the opportunity the closer to offence. (A bit deep). Nobody can really make you mad more than someone that you really love. Nobody can hurt you like the somebody you have given your heart to.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“God takes two and make them one but satan takes one and make it two.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“If God can help us locate demands, He can also help us locate the leaks.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Being married or being in a close relationship is not based on how quickly you can get offended but on how you are ready to drop the offences, get over it and move ahead.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“If I should be available to everyone, I will eventually end up with nothing to give to anyone. So the greatest gift you can receive from me is my time. Count yourself lucky if I give you a minute of my hour.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“God's voice will be heard in the cave but only His visions will be revealed to you on the mountain. (A bit deep). God will always love you and will always speak to you but when you lose your perspective, you won't see his plan.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Offence is an event, offended is a decision. Offence and offended we have to live through it but to stay offended? To live in that place denies the very nature of the salvation that you claimed to have received.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“We always think that God's presence is always provided to fix our problems but what if God's presence is more about fixing your perspectives? So that you will have a new way to see your problems. If you didn't make your bed before leaving home this morning, no angel is going to make your bed for you, it is still going to be as you left it till you come back.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Real faith looks beneath the surface. Real faith knows that faith works sometimes in dark places. Real faith knows that sometimes in order to see a change, you will have to steer through your situation to really see it.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“God's perspectives requires persistence. To have God's perspective in the world we live in requires persistence.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Have you ever make out time to ask God if there is anything or anybody you need to drop in your life? Are you still holding on to offences? When is the right time to drop it?
I am sure once you make this attempt He will show you.
I declare that God is going to set some captives free.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Have you ever asked yourself this question "what can God do through me?" The preacher has no platform if the people has no sense of mission.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“It is weird to me on how people will come to church frequently and have absolutely no desire or intention to change anything about their life based on what they experienced in the church.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Love, inspirational, life, humor, philosophy, truth, wisdom, happiness, god, hope, romance, death, inspirational-quotes, quotes, faith, poetry,writing, inspiration, knowledge
Religion, education, success, relationships, funny, science, life-lessons, books, motivational, spirituality, dreams, fear, freedom, intelligence, friendship, humour, war, motivation, time, women, beauty, reading, art, politics, Christianity, soul, leadership, pain, change, history, people, marriage, nature, peace, music, heart, self-help, spiritual”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Stop praying to God to change your marriage or your finances because you might end up seeing that you are the one that need the change not your marriage or finances.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Do you want to feel better or do you want to get well are two different things. Some people go to church to feel better but never get well. Some come to church for comfort and leave unchanged. And that is what sin represents. ..it is a place to be comfortable thereby feeling normal in your own disfunction.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“We need to unlearn our respect for education, since it has undermined our respect for ourselves. It's worth taking time to demistify it. [...] All the things an adolescent can be [...] are reduced to a three digit number. [...] We too can decide how to value our education instead of letting them value us.”
― Gloria Steinem, Revolution from Within: A Book of Self-Esteem

“Very often it has come to my mind what men of learning there were formerly throughout England..and how nowadays...we would have to seek them outside...Thanks be to God Almighty that we now have any supply of teachers at all!...As often as you can, free yourself from worldly affairs so that you may apply that wisdom which God gave you wherever you can. Remember what punishments befell us in this world when we ourselves didn't cherish learning nor transmit it to other men.”
― King Alfred the Great

“The open door is never behind you; the open door is always before you. Quit looking at your past life and mistakes. Look unto Jesus who is the Author and Perfector of our faith. Your open door is not in the opportunity you missed ten years ago, it is not in some stuffs behind you that you can't get back. You can't gain your access by giving attention to your past life.
Your past days are behind you and what God has for you is in front of you. Just pay attention.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Being graded for memorizing male accomplishments with the deep message that we can learn what others do but never do it ourselves.”
― Gloria Steinem, Revolution from Within: A Book of Self-Esteem

“If negative emotions have gain access into your heart, it is because you have given it attention. If memories of pain and hurt dominates your heart, it is because you gave them attention. How can a memory hurt you when it has only happened? It can only hurt you when you give it attention.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I tell you, stupidity, self-protective stupidity, is the fundamental sin. No man alive has a right to contentment. No man alive has a right to mental rest. No man has any right to be as stupid as educated, Liberal men have been about that foolish affair at Geneva. Men who have any leisure, any gifts, any resources, have no right to stifle their consciences with that degree of imposture.”
― H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror

“You can't love me if you don't love you, you can't think of nothing to do with me if you can't think of nothing to do with yourself, stop feeling sorry for yourself and tidy up, clean up the apartment until you get a house, do that job until you build your own company. Look at what you have and think on how to make it better.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“What you see and what you listen to will determine how high you will go.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“The more desperate the situation, the more opportunity for miracle. If you need something from God, you need to be at the right place, the right position and at the right time”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Knowledge and education are the key to this human tragedy which is a bonfire of hate fueled by ignorance.”
― Christina Engela, Fearotica: An Anthology of Erotic Horror

“Knowledge is a unique kind of property, indeed: you can share it with others, while still possessing it.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“There is a throne up there and someone is sitting on it. It is not you, the economy or your government. My God is still on the throne and I shall not worry.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“My faith gives me the ability to say, whatever is next, I'm ready. If it is Hillary or Trump I am ready because they might sit on the desk but they do not sit on the throne.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“You don't have to feel grateful in order to be grateful.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“The size of a plane does not change the weather but it will get you above it. The size of your faith may not change your situation but it will get you over it.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Learning is easy; misunderstanding makes it complex!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“If "doctor" means "master teacher," then I think teaching in K-12 for 10 years deserves said title. Our practicum is potent and our expertise is in the service of children. In fact, I might start calling myself Dr. Vilson on principle.

Fight me”
― Jose Luis Vilson

“A wiz does not only rely on his or her peers for assistance., however he or she will unleash his or her exceptional accomplishments by working wisely and independently.”
― Saaif Alam

“There is no where that life problem can take you that God's presence cannot reach you. There is nothing that people can do to you that can keep God from getting to you.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Disposal of thoughts would diminish your intelligence level and you would not be able to fulfill critical responsibilities that would revolve throughout your life.”
― Saaif Alam

“You have a standing invitation to experience God's presence but you have to pay attention because attention creates access.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“The reason some people do not experience God in their life is the same reason that we do not notice that something is going wrong with our marriage untill we arrive in a divorce court or that something is wrong with our child until we got a phone call from the police station . Simply put....Because we do not pay attention”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“When I call on God, I am not trying to get his attention and I am not trying to get Him to notice me. In all this my journey with Him two questions usually comes to my mind, they are; am I paying attention to him or am I trying to get his attention?”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Sometimes we are asking God to reveal his presence, provisions and purpose in our lives and we pray like we are trying to get God's attention but I think prayer has less with getting God's attention but He getting mine.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Evil is real but God is greater.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“God always have a perfect way for every imperfect situations.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Could it be that while you are waiting for God to come down and help you, God is also waiting for you to get up? Maybe your breakthrough never happen when your situation changes but when you make a determination within yourself without excuses or blaming anybody and not waiting for anyone and stop praying that your situation change but let God change you. Let your prayer be God change me, God work in me, spring out the rivers of living water within me and I bet you, this is where the breakthrough begins.
☺just a thought and something to ponder on....”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Is it not funny, in the presence of an unlimited God, we will still be stucked? Sometimes faith overwrites the fact, that some people have not come to realise. Stop giving excuses and telling God what is happening around you. You have the tools.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“For those of you who are begging God for a breakthrough, this is not the way of getting something from your heavenly father, you don't have to beg him for what He already bought for you, you don't have to beg Him for what He died to give you. You don't have to convince people, you don't have to convince anybody if God likes to do a work in your life, it is done.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I didn't get to God by effort or title, I got there by invitation. God can lift you quickly if you let Him. He really cares.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Character is a course, finish it.”
― Mac Canoza

“Mentoring is an archetypal activity that has timeless elements which can connect us to the universal ground where nature renews itself and culture becomes reimagined. Youth and elder meet where the pressure of the future meets the presence of the past. Old and young are opposites that secretly identify with each other; for neither fits well into the mainstream of life.”
― Michael Meade, The Genius Myth

“If you know how to read, the World of Books is open to you, after all; and if you like to read, you'll read. If you don't, you'll forget whatever anybody makes you read, anyway.”
― John Crowley, Little, Big

“I had also read somewhere that if a man didn't truly believe or understand what he was espousing, somehow he could do a more convincing job”
― Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye

“It is usually unbearably painful to read a book by an author who knows way less than you do, unless the book is a novel.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“You are more likely to find three TVs inside a randomly selected house than you are to find a single book that is or was not read to pass an exam, to please God, or to be a better cook.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Through most of human history, our ancestors had children shortly after puberty, just as the members of all nonhuman species do to this day. Whether we like the idea or not, our young ancestors must have been capable of providing for their offspring, defending their families from predators, cooperating with others, and in most other respects functioning fully as adults. If they couldn't function as adults, their young could not have survived, which would have meant the swift demise of the human race. The fact that we're still here suggests that most young people are probably far more capable than we think they are. Somewhere along the line, we lost sight of – and buried – the potential of our teens.”
― Robert Epstein

“I don’t teach. I just show them why to learn, what to learn, how to learn, and the ultimate purpose of learning.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Education is a weapon that doesn't create destruction, that creates peace”
― Kip Keino

“Like the sun, a teacher enlightens a mind with his love, warmth, and light.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Be courageous! Never fear to share your knowledge and wisdom with others. It will help you to be wiser.”
― Debasish Mridha

“He utilizes
form for a striking lecture;
young poets shiver

inexperience,
but thaw over their own work,
fertilize magic.”
― Kristen Henderson, Of My Maiden Smoking

“I have always been dismayed by the West’s failure—or unwillingness—to recognize that establishing secular schools that offer children a balanced and nonextremist form of education is probably the cheapest and most effective way of combating this kind of indoctrination.”
― Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan

“I am not a teacher, but I am a friend who likes to kindle your heart and awaken your mind.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The best teacher teaches by inspiring students to learn by showing them the ultimate purpose of learning.”
― Debasish Mridha

“When you are extravagant, you can result yourself facing alot of debt and not adjust to the pursuit of happiness.”
― Saaif Alam

“I teach not by feeding the mind with data but by kindling the mind.”
― Debasish Mridha

“We anyway have to THINK
Why not think BIG
We anyway have to WORK
Why not do what we LOVE”
― Mala Mary Martina, I Love Mondays: Embrace the Next Generation of Careers

“The main element of true reconciliation is the public education system.”
― Nilantha Ilangamuwa

“A person who has common knowlege can depict the casual events and the educational concepts that they learn everyday life. However, a person who has a high quotient intelligence can comprehend some critical concepts, which is unlikely for a human being with average intelligence. The method for this person to increase his/her level of intelligence is that they should be encouraged to examine or study the critical issues and difficult concepts that revolve in our current environment.”
― Saaif Alam

“What did you give your kids, besides a lottery of genes? A stance--that mix of bluff and confidence, backbone and wussiness that passes for personality or character. One talks less about ethics after third grade. Don't steal candy or hit other children, if they hadn't learned the costs of violence on their own.”
― Edward Hoagland, In the Country of the Blind

“A brain is a space that is infinite that give people the capability to accumulate new information that we never know or revive the information that they forget. However, peoples' character can really indicate how much information they want to accumulate that can really distinguish the intelligence for every individual.”
― Saaif Alam

“Raging over something that is invaluable can portray an individual's sense of immaturity and lack of understanding about his or her actual needs for survival.”
― Saaif Alam

“From The Corner To The Corner Office - It's Not Just A Book, It's A Lifestyle!”
― James A Barlow, From the Corner to the Corner Office: A Blueprint for Success

“Education is the fertilizer which helps you to grow and bloom to beautify this world.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Jiu Jitsu opened up doors in my mind that public education had bolted shut. In hindsight, I see just how superficial my thoughts had been prior to this art. It is no coincidence that my efforts in reading and writing have run parallel with this craft. I began training Jiu Jitsu at twenty-two, and at the time of this writing I am about to turn thirty. I have learned more in the past eight years than the previous twenty-two, and have no doubts that Jiu Jitsu opened up my mind in a way traditional organized education never could. Jiu Jitsu gave me a life when I didn't know how to live. It is the best thing I have ever done, and is the foundation upon which all I will do.”
― Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu

“Jiu Jitsu has given me an education in education, which I now see is the most valuable education there is.”
― Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu

“Education is the best weapon to fight against the adversity of life.”
― Debasish Mridha

“We employ education and the convictions gained through the intermeshing of personal experiences and fresh ideas to establish the configuration of our being that in actuality was our mysterious potentiality from the very inception of our birth.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“When you initiate something creative and develop your policies that are solution based, you would then be able to flourish audiences who can heavily rely on your ideas for future success.”
― Saaif Alam

