“If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.”
― C.S. Lewis

“All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters

“The Christian does not think God will love us because we are good, but that God will make us good because He loves us.”
― C.S. Lewis

“When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, "Why god? Why me?" and the thundering voice of God answered, There's just something about you that pisses me off.”
― Stephen King, Storm of the Century

“Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.”
― Oscar Wilde

“To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.”
― C.S. Lewis

“And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“God has no religion.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“We are not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be.”
― C.S. Lewis

“God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.”
― Elbert Hubbard

“The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.”
― Nicolas Chamfort

“A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word 'darkness' on the walls of his cell.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain

“If I should ever die, God forbid, let this be my epitaph:
THE ONLY PROOF HE NEEDED
FOR THE EXISTENCE OF GOD
WAS MUSIC”
― kurt vonnegut

“Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.”
― Corrie ten Boom

“The darker the night, the brighter the stars,
The deeper the grief, the closer is God!”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment

“The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.”
― Soren Kierkegaard

“I am trying here to prevent anyone saying the really foolish thing that people often say about Him: I’m ready to accept Jesus as a great moral teacher, but I don’t accept his claim to be God. That is the one thing we must not say. A man who was merely a man and said the sort of things Jesus said would not be a great moral teacher. He would either be a lunatic — on the level with the man who says he is a poached egg — or else he would be the Devil of Hell. You must make your choice. Either this man was, and is, the Son of God, or else a madman or something worse. You can shut him up for a fool, you can spit at him and kill him as a demon or you can fall at his feet and call him Lord and God, but let us not come with any patronizing nonsense about his being a great human teacher. He has not left that open to us. He did not intend to.”
― C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity

“Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.”
― C.S. Lewis

“If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.”
― Dorothy Parker

“Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are god. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are gods.”
― Christopher Hitchens, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Nonbeliever

“I have faith that God will show you the answer. But you have to understand that sometimes it takes a while to be able to recognize what God wants you to do. That's how it often is. God's voice is usually nothing more than a whisper, and you have to listen very carefully to hear it. But other times, in those rarest of moments, the answer is obvious and rings as loud as a church bell.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song

“Let the first act of every morning be to make the following resolve for the day:

- I shall not fear anyone on Earth.
- I shall fear only God.
- I shall not bear ill will toward anyone.
- I shall not submit to injustice from anyone.
- I shall conquer untruth by truth. And in resisting untruth, I shall put up with all suffering.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“Sometimes the Bible in the hand of one man is worse than a whisky bottle in the hand of (another)... There are just some kind of men who - who're so busy worrying about the next world they've never learned to live in this one, and you can look down the street and see the results.”
― Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird

“He died not for men, but for each man. If each man had been the only man made, He would have done no less.”
― C.S. Lewis

“I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It's just that the translations have gone wrong.”
― John Lennon

“God does not play dice with the universe; He plays an ineffable game of His own devising, which might be compared, from the perspective of any of the other players [i.e. everybody], to being involved in an obscure and complex variant of poker in a pitch-dark room, with blank cards, for infinite stakes, with a Dealer who won't tell you the rules, and who smiles all the time.”
― Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch

“I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: "Go down again - I dwell among the people.”
― John Henry Newman

“Parents are like God because you wanna know they're out there, and you want them to think well of you, but you really only call when you need something.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters

“I talk to God but the sky is empty.”
― Sylvia Plath

“God save us from people who mean well.”
― Vikram Seth, A Suitable Boy

“Sometimes God allows what he hates to accomplish what he loves.”
― Joni Eareckson Tada, The God I Love

“That wasn't any act of God. That was an act of pure human fuckery.”
― Stephen King, The Stand

“Thou hast made us for thyself, O Lord, and our heart is restless until it finds its rest in thee.”
― Augustine of Hippo, Confessions

“No woman wants to be in submission to a man who isn't in submission to God!”
― T D Jakes

“The God of the Old Testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction: jealous and proud of it; a petty, unjust, unforgiving control-freak; a vindictive, bloodthirsty ethnic cleanser; a misogynistic, homophobic, racist, infanticidal, genocidal, filicidal, pestilential, megalomaniacal, sadomasochistic, capriciously malevolent bully.”
― Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion

“When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me.”
― Erma Bombeck

“You can safely assume you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do.”
― Anne Lamott

“There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able? Then he is not omnipotent.
Is he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent.
Is he both able and willing? Then whence cometh evil?
Is he neither able nor willing? Then why call him God?”
― Epicurus

“I don't stand for black man's side, I don't stand for white man's side, I stand for God's side.”
― Bob Marley

“I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.”
― alice walker, The Color Purple

“He - and if there is a God, I am convinced he is a he, because no woman could or would ever fuck things up this badly.”
― George Carlin

“She glared at me like she was about to punch me, but then she did something that surprised me even more. She kissed me.
"Be careful seaweed brain." She said putting on her invisible cap and disappearing.
I probably would have sat there all day, trying to remember my name, but then the sea demons came.”
― Rick Riordan

“If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.”
― Woody Allen

“Above all else, guard your heart for it affects everything else you do.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version

“God is silent. Now if only man would shut up.”
― Woody Allen

“My argument against God was that the universe seemed so cruel and unjust. But how had I got this idea of just and unjust? A man does not call a line crooked unless he has some idea of a straight line. What was I comparing this universe with when I called it unjust?”
― C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity

“Look for God, suggests my Guru. Look for God like a man with his head on fire looks for water.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert

“Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.”
― Will Smith

“The great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go God's love for us does not.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Mario, what do you get when you cross an insomniac, an unwilling agnostic and a dyslexic?"

"I give."

"You get someone who stays up all night torturing himself mentally over the question of whether or not there's a dog.”
― David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest

“And out of that hopeless attempt has come nearly all that we call human history—money, poverty, ambition, war, prostitution, classes, empires, slavery—the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy.”
― C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity

“I do not believe in God and I am not an atheist.”
― Albert Camus, Notebooks 1951-1959

“God is a comedian playing to an audience that is too afraid to laugh.”
― Voltaire

“Now it is such a bizarrely improbable coincidence that anything so mind-bogglingly useful could have evolved purely by chance that some thinkers have chosen to see it as the final and clinching proof of the non-existence of God.
The argument goes something like this: "I refuse to prove that I exist,'" says God, "for proof denies faith, and without faith I am nothing."
"But," says Man, "The Babel fish is a dead giveaway, isn't it? It could not have evolved by chance. It proves you exist, and so therefore, by your own arguments, you don't. QED."
"Oh dear," says God, "I hadn't thought of that," and promptly vanishes in a puff of logic.
"Oh, that was easy," says Man, and for an encore goes on to prove that black is white and gets himself killed on the next zebra crossing.”
― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

“Because here's something else that's weird but true: in the day-to day trenches of adult life, there is actually no such thing as atheism. There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship. And the compelling reason for maybe choosing some sort of god or spiritual-type thing to worship—be it JC or Allah, be it YHWH or the Wiccan Mother Goddess, or the Four Noble Truths, or some inviolable set of ethical principles—is that pretty much anything else you worship will eat you alive. If you worship money and things, if they are where you tap real meaning in life, then you will never have enough, never feel you have enough. It's the truth. Worship your body and beauty and sexual allure and you will always feel ugly. And when time and age start showing, you will die a million deaths before they finally grieve you. On one level, we all know this stuff already. It's been codified as myths, proverbs, clichés, epigrams, parables; the skeleton of every great story. The whole trick is keeping the truth up front in daily consciousness.”
― David Foster Wallace , This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life

“Joy is the infallible sign of the presence of God.”
― Pierre Teilhard de Chardin

“All that you touch
You Change.

All that you Change
Changes you.

The only lasting truth
is Change.

God
is Change.”
― Octavia E. Butler

“Because God is never cruel, there is a reason for all things. We must know the pain of loss; because if we never knew it, we would have no compassion for others, and we would become monsters of self-regard, creatures of unalloyed self-interest. The terrible pain of loss teaches humility to our prideful kind, has the power to soften uncaring hearts, to make a better person of a good one.”
― Dean Koontz, The Darkest Evening of the Year

“It is when we notice the dirt that God is most present in us; it is the very sign of His presence.”
― C.S. Lewis

“I see in the fight club the strongest and smartest men who've ever lived. I see all this potential and I see squandering. God damn it, an entire generation pumping gas, waiting tables, slaves with white collars, advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need. We're the middle children of the history man, no purpose or place, we have no Great war, no Great depression, our great war is a spiritual war, our great depression is our lives, we've been all raised by television to believe that one day we'd all be millionaires and movie gods and rock stars, but we won't and we're slowly learning that fact. and we're very very pissed off.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club

“Let us never forget to pray. God lives. He is near. He is real. He is not only aware of us but cares for us. He is our Father. He is accessible to all who will seek Him.”
― Gordon B. Hinckley, Standing for Something: 10 Neglected Virtues That Will Heal Our Hearts and Homes

“If there were such a thing as terminal literalism, you'd have died in childhood.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Bones

“We know that God is everywhere; but certainly we feel His presence most when His works are on the grandest scale spread before us; and it is in the unclouded night-sky, where His worlds wheel their silent course, that we read clearest His infinitude, His omnipotence, His omnipresence.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre

“Listen to God with a broken heart. He is not only the doctor who mends it, but also the father who wipes away the tears.”
― Criss Jami

“When one person suffers from a delusion, it is called insanity. When many people suffer from a delusion it is called a Religion.”
― Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values

“God answers all prayers, but sometimes his answer is 'no'.”
― Dan Brown, Angels & Demons

“His hands are holding my cheeks, and he pulls back just to look me in the eye and his chest is heaving and he says, "I think," he says, "my heart is going to explode," and I wish, more than ever, that I knew how to capture moments like these and revisit them forever.

Because this.

This is everything.”
― Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me

“No man can be called friendless who has God and the companionship of good books.”
― Elizabeth Barrett Browning

“And if there were a God, I think it very unlikely that He would have such an uneasy vanity as to be offended by those who doubt His existence”
― Bertrand Russell

“Safe?” said Mr. Beaver; “don’t you hear what Mrs. Beaver tells you? Who said anything about safe? ‘Course he isn’t safe. But he’s good. He’s the King, I tell you.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe

“I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.”
― Galileo Galilei, Letter to the Grand Duchess Christina

“What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.”
― Hans Urs von Balthasar, Prayer

“I want a life that sizzles and pops and makes me laugh out loud. And I don't want to get to the end, or to tomorrow, even, and realize that my life is a collection of meetings and pop cans and errands and receipts and dirty dishes. I want to eat cold tangerines and sing out loud in the car with the windows open and wear pink shoes and stay up all night laughing and paint my walls the exact color of the sky right now. I want to sleep hard on clean white sheets and throw parties and eat ripe tomatoes and read books so good they make me jump up and down, and I want my everyday to make God belly laugh, glad that he gave life to someone who loves the gift.”
― Shauna Niequist, Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life

“God's Final Message to His Creation:
'We apologize for the inconvenience.”
― Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish

“Whether or not you believe in God, you must believe this: when we as a species abandon our trust in a power greater than us, we abandon our sense of accountability. Faiths… all faiths… are admonitions that there is something we cannot understand, something to which we are accountable. With faith we are accountable to each other, to ourselves, and to a higher truth. Religion is flawed, but only because man is flawed. The church consists of a brotherhood of imperfect, simple souls wanting only to be a voice of compassion in a world spinning out of control.”
― Dan Brown, Angels & Demons

“It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. Without God people only succeed in bringing out the worst in one another. Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing else. Without a central loyalty life is unfinished.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary

“God is a circle whose center is everywhere and circumference nowhere.”
― Voltaire

“Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good.”
― thomas paine, Rights of Man

“What comes into our minds when we think about God is the most important thing about us.”
― A.W. Tozer

“25 And the Lord spake unto the Angel that guarded the eastern gate, saying 'Where is the flaming sword that was given unto thee?'
26 And the Angel said, 'I had it here only a moment ago, I must have put it down some where, forget my own head next.'
27 And the Lord did not ask him again.”
― Neil Gaiman & Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch

“We may ignore, but we can nowhere evade the presence of God. The world is crowded with Him. He walks everywhere incognito.”
― C.S. Lewis

“With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil - that takes religion.”
― Steven Weinberg

“Down on the lake rosy reflections of celestial vapor appeared, and I said, "God, I love you" and looked to the sky and really meant it. "I have fallen in love with you, God. Take care of us all, one way or the other." To the children and the innocent it's all the same.”
― Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums

“The eye through which I see God is the same eye through which God sees me; my eye and God's eye are one eye, one seeing, one knowing, one love.”
― Meister Eckhart, Sermons of Meister Eckhart

“There is but one good; that is God. Everything else is good when it looks to Him and bad when it turns from Him.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce

“My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.”
― Albert Einstein

“The irony is that while God doesn’t need us but still wants us, we desperately need God but don’t really want Him most of the time.”
― Francis Chan

“The president of the United States has claimed, on more than one occasion, to be in dialogue with God. If he said that he was talking to God through his hairdryer, this would precipitate a national emergency. I fail to see how the addition of a hairdryer makes the claim more ridiculous or offensive.”
― Sam Harris, Letter to a Christian Nation

“Relying on God has to begin all over again every day as if nothing had yet been done.”
― C.S. Lewis, Letters to Malcolm: Chiefly on Prayer

“The moment God is figured out with nice neat lines and definitions, we are no longer dealing with God.”
― Rob Bell, Velvet Elvis: Repainting the Christian Faith

“Why is there ever this perverse cruelty in humankind, that makes us hurt most those we love best?”
― Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen

“God is a concept by which we measure our pain.”
― John Lennon

“I never liked jazz music because jazz music doesn't resolve. But I was outside the Bagdad Theater in Portland one night when I saw a man playing the saxophone. I stood there for fifteen minutes, and he never opened his eyes.

After that I liked jazz music.

Sometimes you have to watch somebody love something before you can love it yourself. It is as if they are showing you the way.

I used to not like God because God didn't resolve. But that was before any of this happened.”
― Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality

“You are someone who is different, but who wants to be the same as everyone else. And that in my view is a serious illness. God chose you to be different. Why are you disappointing God with this kind of attitude?”
― Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die

“How is it that hardly any major religion has looked at science and concluded, “This is better than we thought! The Universe is much bigger than our prophets said, grander, more subtle, more elegant?” Instead they say, “No, no, no! My god is a little god, and I want him to stay that way.” A religion, old or new, that stressed the magnificence of the Universe as revealed by modern science might be able to draw forth reserves of reverence and awe hardly tapped by the conventional faiths.”
― Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space

“From the beginning men used God to justify the unjustifiable.”
― Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses

“I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation, whose purposes are modeled after our own -- a God, in short, who is but a reflection of human frailty. Neither can I believe that the individual survives the death of his body, although feeble souls harbor such thoughts through fear or ridiculous egotisms.”
― Albert Einstein

“We almost made it to thirty seconds without an insult. I think we set a new record.”
― Sherrilyn Kenyon, Acheron

“The pupil dilates in darkness and in the end finds light, just as the soul dilates in misfortune and in the end finds God.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“I tried to believe that there is a God, who created each of us in His own image and likeness, loves us very much, and keeps a close eye on things. I really tried to believe that, but I gotta tell you, the longer you live, the more you look around, the more you realize, something is fucked up.”
― George Carlin

“Sometimes you can see things happen right in front of your eyes and still jump to the wrong conclusions.”
― Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith

“Men trust God by risking rejection. Women trust God by waiting.”
― Carolyn McCulley

“Remember He is the artist and you are only the picture. You can't see it. So quietly submit to be painted---i.e., keep fulfilling all the obvious duties of your station (you really know quite well enough what they are!), asking forgiveness for each failure and then leaving it alone.You are in the right way. Walk---don't keep on looking at it.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Collected Letters of C.S. Lewis, Volume 3: Narnia, Cambridge, and Joy, 1950 - 1963

“You can get a thousand no's from people, and only one "yes" from God.”
― Tyler Perry

“It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.”
― Tyler Perry

“Beauty is no quality in things themselves: It exists merely in the mind which contemplates them; and each mind perceives a different beauty.”
― David Hume, Of the Standard of Taste and Other Essays

“If you think God’s there, He is. If you don’t, He isn’t. And if that’s what God’s like, I wouldn’t worry about it.”
― Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

“May the peace of God be with you,” she says, her voice low, “even in the midst of trouble.”
“Why would it?” I say softly, so no one else can hear. “After all I’ve done...”
“It isn’t about you,” she says. “It is a gift. You cannot earn it, or it ceases to be a gift.”
― Veronica Roth, Insurgent

“Jesus Christ knew he was God. So wake up and find out eventually who you really are. In our culture, of course, they’ll say you’re crazy and you’re blasphemous, and they’ll either put you in jail or in a nut house (which is pretty much the same thing). However if you wake up in India and tell your friends and relations, ‘My goodness, I’ve just discovered that I’m God,’ they’ll laugh and say, ‘Oh, congratulations, at last you found out.”
― Alan Wilson Watts, The Essential Alan Watts

“About once or twice every month I engage in public debates with those whose pressing need it is to woo and to win the approval of supernatural beings. Very often, when I give my view that there is no supernatural dimension, and certainly not one that is only or especially available to the faithful, and that the natural world is wonderful enough—and even miraculous enough if you insist—I attract pitying looks and anxious questions. How, in that case, I am asked, do I find meaning and purpose in life? How does a mere and gross materialist, with no expectation of a life to come, decide what, if anything, is worth caring about?

Depending on my mood, I sometimes but not always refrain from pointing out what a breathtakingly insulting and patronizing question this is. (It is on a par with the equally subtle inquiry: Since you don't believe in our god, what stops you from stealing and lying and raping and killing to your heart's content?) Just as the answer to the latter question is: self-respect and the desire for the respect of others—while in the meantime it is precisely those who think they have divine permission who are truly capable of any atrocity—so the answer to the first question falls into two parts. A life that partakes even a little of friendship, love, irony, humor, parenthood, literature, and music, and the chance to take part in battles for the liberation of others cannot be called 'meaningless' except if the person living it is also an existentialist and elects to call it so. It could be that all existence is a pointless joke, but it is not in fact possible to live one's everyday life as if this were so. Whereas if one sought to define meaninglessness and futility, the idea that a human life should be expended in the guilty, fearful, self-obsessed propitiation of supernatural nonentities… but there, there. Enough.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“For you will certainly carry out God's purpose, however you act, but it makes a difference to you whether you serve like Judas or like John.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain

“Let me put it this way, my father believed in a righteous God. Deus volt, that was his motto- 'because God wills it.' It was the Crusaders' motto, and they went into battle and were slaughtered just like my father. And when I saw him lying dead in a pool of his own blood, I knew then that I hadn't stopped believing in God. I'd just stopped believing God cared. There might be a God, Clary, and there might not, but I don't think it matters. Either way we're on our own.”
― Jace from Cassandra Clare's City of Bones, City of Bones

“[E]xceptional claims demand exceptional evidence.”
― Christopher Hitchens, God Is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything

“Loki'd!”
― Tom Hiddleston

“God creates out of nothing. Wonderful you say. Yes, to be sure, but he does what is still more wonderful: he makes saints out of sinners.”
― Soren Kierkegaard, The Journals of Kierkegaard

“Something is wrong here. War, disease, death, destruction, hunger, filth, poverty, torture, crime, corruption, and the Ice Capades. Something is definitely wrong. This is not good work. If this is the best God can do, I am not impressed. Results like these do not belong on the résumé of a Supreme Being. This is the kind of shit you'd expect from an office temp with a bad attitude. And just between you and me, in any decently-run universe, this guy would've been out on his all-powerful ass a long time ago. And by the way, I say "this guy", because I firmly believe, looking at these results, that if there is a God, it has to be a man.
No woman could or would ever fuck things up like this. So, if there is a God, I think most reasonable people might agree that he's at least incompetent, and maybe, just maybe, doesn't give a shit. Doesn't give a shit, which I admire in a person, and which would explain a lot of these bad results.”
― George Carlin

“Love God and He will enable you to love others even when they disappoint you.”
― Francine Rivers, And the Shofar Blew

“Hobbes: Do you think there's a God?
Calvin: Well, somebody's out to get me!”
― Bill Watterson

“Greed is your god, Kaz."
He almost laughed at that. "No, Inej. Greed bows to me. It is my servant and my lever.”
― Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows

“Let me tell you about love, that silly word you believe is about whether you like somebody or whether somebody likes you or whether you can put up with somebody in order to get something or someplace you want or you believe it has to do with how your body responds to another body like robins or bison or maybe you believe love is how forces or nature or luck is benign to you in particular not maiming or killing you but if so doing it for your own good. Love is none of that. There is nothing in nature like it. Not in robins or bison or in the banging tails of your hunting dogs and not in blossoms or suckling foal. Love is divine only and difficult always. If you think it is easy you are a fool. If you think it is natural you are blind. It is a learned application without reason or motive except that it is God. You do not deserve love regardless of the suffering you have endured. You do not deserve love because somebody did you wrong. You do not deserve love just because you want it. You can only earn - by practice and careful contemplations - the right to express it and you have to learn how to accept it. Which is to say you have to earn God. You have to practice God. You have to think God-carefully. And if you are a good and diligent student you may secure the right to show love. Love is not a gift. It is a diploma. A diploma conferring certain privileges: the privilege of expressing love and the privilege of receiving it. How do you know you have graduated? You don't. What you do know is that you are human and therefore educable, and therefore capable of learning how to learn, and therefore interesting to God, who is interested only in Himself which is to say He is interested only in love. Do you understand me? God is not interested in you. He is interested in love and the bliss it brings to those who understand and share the interest. Couples that enter the sacrament of marriage and are not prepared to go the distance or are not willing to get right with the real love of God cannot thrive. They may cleave together like robins or gulls or anything else that mates for life. But if they eschew this mighty course, at the moment when all are judged for the disposition of their eternal lives, their cleaving won't mean a thing. God bless the pure and holy. Amen.”
― Toni Morrison, Paradise

“He is the most beautiful creature I have ever seen and it's not about his face, but the life force I can see in him. It's the smile and the pure promise of everything he has to offer. Like he's saying, 'Here I am world, are you ready for so much passion and beauty and goodness and love and every other word that should be in the dictionary under the word life?' Except this boy is dead, and the unnaturalness of it makes me want to pull my hair out with Tate and Narnie and Fitz and Jude's grief all combined. It makes me want to yell at the God that I wish I didn't believe in. For hogging him all to himself. I want to say, 'You greedy God. Give him back. I needed him here.”
― Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road

“Anything under God's control is never out of control.”
― Charles Swindoll

“I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.”
― Frank Lloyd Wright, Truth Against the World: Frank Lloyd Wright Speaks for an Organic Architecture

“The Buddhists say there are 149 ways to God. I'm not looking for God, only for myself, and that is far more complicated. God has had a great deal written about Him; nothing has been written about me. God is bigger, like my mother, easier to find, even in the dark. I could be anywhere, and since I can't describe myself I can't ask for help.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry

“Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire?”
― Corrie Ten Boom

“If you could be either God’s worst enemy or nothing, which would you choose?”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club

“It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Spending time with God is the key to our strength and success in all areas of life. Be sure that you never try to work God into your schedule, but always work your schedule around Him.”
― Joyce Meyer

“Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.”
― John Lennon

“You must accept the reality of other people. You think that reality is up for negotiation, that we think it's whatever you say it is. You must accept that we are as real as you are; you must accept that you are not God.”
― J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy

“Do your best and let God do the rest.”
― Ben Carson

“Are you looking for me?
I am in the next seat.
My shoulder is against yours.
you will not find me in the stupas,
not in Indian shrine rooms,
nor in synagogues,
nor in cathedrals:
not in masses,
nor kirtans,
not in legs winding around your own neck,
nor in eating nothing but vegetables.
When you really look for me,
you will see me instantly —
you will find me in the tiniest house of time.
Kabir says: Student, tell me, what is God?
He is the breath inside the breath.”
― Kabir

“Do you really mean to tell me the only reason you try to be good is to gain God's approval and reward, or to avoid his disapproval and punishment? That's not morality, that's just sucking up, apple-polishing, looking over your shoulder at the great surveillance camera in the sky, or the still small wiretap inside your head, monitoring your every move, even your every base though.”
― Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion

“There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah.”
― Anonymous, Qurʾan / القرآن الكريم

“Our belief is not a belief. Our principles are not a faith. We do not rely soley upon science and reason, because these are necessary rather than sufficient factors, but we distrust anything that contradicts science or outrages reason. We may differ on many things, but what we respect is free inquiry, openmindedness, and the pursuit of ideas for their own sake.”
― Christopher Hitchens, God Is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything

“The word 'God' is for me nothing more than the expression and product of human weaknesses, the Bible a collection of honorable, but still primitive legends which are nevertheless pretty childish. No interpretation, no matter how subtle, can (for me) change this.”
― Albert Einstein

“I can safely say, on the authority of all that is revealed in the Word of God, that any man or woman on this earth who is bored and turned off by worship is not ready for heaven.”
― A.W. Tozer

“The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.”
― William Blake

“Experts in ancient Greek culture say that people back then didn't see their thoughts as belonging to them. When ancient Greeks had a thought, it occurred to them as a god or goddess giving an order. Apollo was telling them to be brave. Athena was telling them to fall in love.

Now people hear a commercial for sour cream potato chips and rush out to buy, but now they call this free will.
At least the ancient Greeks were being honest.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby

“And when I saw him[my father] lying dead in a pool of his own blood, I knew then that I hadn't stopped believing in God. I'd just stopped believing God cared. There might be a God, Clary, and there might be not. Either way, we're on our own.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Bones

“The best things are never arrived at in haste. God is in no hurry; His plans are never rushed.”
― Michael Phillips

“A sense of humour is the only divine quality of man”
― Arthur Schopenhauer

“The proud person always wants to do the right thing, the great thing. But because he wants to do it in his own strength, he is fighting not with man, but with God.”
― Soren A. Kierkegaard

“I believe in the fundamental truth of all great religions of the world.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“The Bible may, indeed does, contain a warrant for trafficking in humans, for ethnic cleansing, for slavery, for bride-price, and for indiscriminate massacre, but we are not bound by any of it because it was put together by crude, uncultured human mammals.”
― Christopher Hitchens, God Is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything

“All sacrifice and suffering is redemptive. It is used to either teach the individual or to help others. Nothing is by chance.”
― A.J. RUSSELL

“He's not safe, but he's good (referring to Aslan, the Lion, in The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe)”
― C. S. Lewis

“Making love to me is amazing. Wait, I meant: making love, to me, is amazing. The absence of two little commas nearly transformed me into a sex god. ”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.

“But God doesn't call us to be comfortable. He calls us to trust Him so completely that we are unafraid to put ourselves in situations where we will be in trouble if He doesn't come through.”
― francis chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God

“Quit questioning God and start trusting Him!”
― Joel Osteen

“I will have nothing to do with a God who cares only occasionally. I need a God who is with us always, everywhere, in the deepest depths as well as the highest heights. It is when things go wrong, when good things do not happen, when our prayers seem to have been lost, that God is most present. We do not need the sheltering wings when things go smoothly. We are closest to God in the darkness, stumbling along blindly.”
― Madeleine L'Engle

“Define yourself radically as one beloved by God. This is the true self. Every other identity is illusion.”
― Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging

“I love the Lord, for he heard my voice; he heard my cry for mercy. Because he turned his ear to me, I will call on him as long as I live. (Psalms 116:1-2 NIV)”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version

“When I was a little girl, everything in the world fell into either of these two categories: wrong or right. Black or white. Now that I am an adult, I have put childish things aside and now I know that some things fall into wrong and some things fall into right. Some things are categorized as black and some things are categorized as white. But most things in the world aren't either! Most things in the world aren't black, aren't white, aren't wrong, aren't right, but most of everything is just different. And now I know that there's nothing wrong with different, and that we can let things be different, we don't have to try and make them black or white, we can just let them be grey. And when I was a child, I thought that God was the God who only saw black and white. Now that I am no longer a child, I can see, that God is the God who can see the black and the white and the grey, too, and He dances on the grey! Grey is okay.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“If a woman sleeps alone it puts a shame on all men. God has a very big heart, but there is one sin He will not forgive. If a woman calls a man to her bed and he will not go.”
― Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek

“How can He be perfect? Everything He ever makes...dies.”
― George Carlin

“When your will is God's will, you will have your will.”
― Charles Spurgeon

“Crap.
It's all crap.
Living is crap.
Life has no meaning.
None. Nowhere to be found.
Crap.
Why doesn't anybody realize this?”
― K-Ske Hasegawa, Ballad of a Shinigami, Vol. 1

“Sometimes I arrive just when God's ready to have somone click the shutter.”
― Ansel Adams

“I once listened to an Indian on television say that God was in the wind and the water, and I wondered at how beautiful that was because it meant you could swim in Him or have Him brush your face in a breeze.”
― Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality

“Man is the most insane species. He worships an invisible God and destroys a visible Nature. Unaware that this Nature he’s destroying is this God he’s worshiping.”
― Hubert Reeves

“Religion is still useful among the herd - that it helps their orderly conduct as nothing else could. The crude human animal is in-eradicably superstitious, and there is every biological reason why they should be.
Take away his Christian god and saints, and he will worship something else...”
― H.P. Lovecraft

“I hate you, God. I hate you as though you actually exist.”
― Graham Greene, The End of the Affair

“I think the reason we sometimes have the false sense that God is so far away is because that is where we have put him. We have kept him at a distance, and then when we are in need and call on him in prayer, we wonder where he is. He is exactly where we left him.”
― Ravi Zacharias, Has Christianity Failed You?

“My soul doth magnify the Lord,
And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Savior.”
― Anonymous

“In a very real sense not one of us is qualified, but it seems that God continually chooses the most unqualified to do his work, to bear his glory. If we are qualified, we tend to think that we have done the job ourselves. If we are forced to accept our evident lack of qualification, then there's no danger that we will confuse God's work with our own, or God's glory with our own.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art

“Garcia wondered why people with JESUS stickers on their bumper always drove twenty miles per hour under the speed limit. If God was my co-pilot, he thought, I'd be doing a hundred and twenty.”
― Carl Hiaasen, Strip Tease

“I try not to make plans. God always laughs at your plans. I’m going to keep the door open, and keep the page blank, and see what gets painted upon it.”
― Tom Hiddleston

“Sometimes I go to God and say, "God, if Thou dost never answer another prayer while I live on this earth, I will still worship Thee as long as I live and in the ages to come for what Thou hast done already. God’s already put me so far in debt that if I were to live one million millenniums I couldn’t pay Him for what He’s done for me.”
― A.W. Tozer

“When every hope is gone, 'when helpers fail and comforts flee,' I find that help arrives somehow, from I know not where. Supplication, worship, prayer are no superstition; they are acts more real than the acts of eating, drinking, sitting or walking. It is no exaggeration to say that they alone are real, all else is unreal.”
― Mahatma Gandhi , Gandhi: An autobiography

“People who cease to believe in God or goodness altogether still believe in the devil... Evil is always possible. And goodness is eternally difficult.”
― Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire

“إلى البكائين على مافات٫ المتحيّرين وراء تحقيق المعجزات٫ الدائرين حول محور من أنفسهم يصارعون المنى وتصارعهم دون الانتهاء إلى قرار.. ألى هؤلاء نوجّه كلمة ( وليم جيمس ) : "ان بيننا وبين الله رابطة لاتنفصم٫ فإذا نحن أخضعنا أنفسنا لإشرافه-سبحانه وتعالى- تحققت أمنياتنا وآمالنا كلها”
― محمد الغزالي, جدد حياتك

“Almighty God, I am sorry I am now an atheist, but have You read Nietzsche?”
― John Fante, Ask the Dust

“Without God all things are permitted.”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky

“It's good to let God pick a man for you. We don't do so well when we pick them ourselves. They end up lipsticks in a drawer, all those wrong colors you thought looked so good in the package.”
― Deb Caletti, The Queen of Everything

“God is love," she said. "And he respects love, whether it's between a parents, and child, a man and woman, or friends. I don't think he cares about religion one little bit. Live your life right. Love with all your heart. Don't hurt others, and help those in need. That is all you need to know. And don't worry about heaven. If it exists, you'll be welcome.”
― Ellen Hopkins, Burned

“Happiness is the object and design of our existence; and will be the end thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it; and this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the commandments of God.”
― Joseph Smith

“Be a sinner and sin﻿﻿ boldly,﻿ but believe and﻿﻿ rejoice in Christ even more boldly.”
― Martin Luther

“Never forget that God is your friend. And like all friends, He longs to hear what's been happening in your life. Good or bad, whether it's been full of sorrow or anger, or even when you're questioning why terrible things have to happen.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song

“He knew only that his child was his warrant. He said: If he is not the word of God God never spoke.”
― Cormac McCarthy, The Road

“I have good idea, for if you meet some person from different religion and he want to make argument about God. My idea is, you listen to everything this man say about God. Never argue about God with him. Best thing to say is, 'I agree with you.' Then you go home, pray what you want. This is my idea for people to have peace about religion.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“God will not be used as a convenience. Men or nations who think they can revive the Faith in order to make a good society might just as well think they can use the stairs of heaven as a shortcut to the nearest chemist's shop.”
― C.S. Lewis

“When God is going to do something wonderful, He or She always starts with a hardship; when God is going to do something amazing, He or She starts with an impossibility. ”
― Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith

“We fear men so much, because we fear God so little. One fear cures another. When man's terror scares you, turn your thoughts to the wrath of God.”
― G. K. Chesterton

“If there was a God. I would spit in his face for subjecting me to this. If there was a Devil, I would sell my sould to make it end. If there was something Higher that controlled out f***ing fates, I would tell it to take my fate and shove it up its fucking ass. Shove it hard and far, you motherf***er. Please end. Please end. Please end.”
― James Frey, A Million Little Pieces

“I have found God, but he is insufficient.”
― Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer

“One of the main reasons that we lose our enthusiasm in life is because we become ungrateful..we let what was once a miracle become common to us. We get so accustomed to his goodness it becomes a routine..”
― Joel Osteen, Your Best Life Now: 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential

“Give me the Love that leads the way
The Faith that nothing can dismay
The Hope no disappointments tire
The Passion that'll burn like fire
Let me not sink to be a clod
Make me Thy fuel, Flame of God”
― Amy Carmichael

“Our tendency in the midst of suffering is to turn on God. To get angry and bitter and shake our fist at the sky and say, "God, you don't know what it's like! You don't understand! You have no idea what I'm going through. You don't have a clue how much this hurts."

The cross is God's way of taking away all of our accusations, excuses, and arguments.

The cross is God taking on flesh and blood and saying, "Me too.”
― Rob Bell

“The reality of loving God is loving him like he's a Superhero who actually saved you from stuff rather than a Santa Claus who merely gave you some stuff.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“To be the father of growing daughters is to understand something of what Yeats evokes with his imperishable phrase 'terrible beauty.' Nothing can make one so happily exhilarated or so frightened: it's a solid lesson in the limitations of self to realize that your heart is running around inside someone else's body. It also makes me quite astonishingly calm at the thought of death: I know whom I would die to protect and I also understand that nobody but a lugubrious serf can possibly wish for a father who never goes away.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“I think that I shall never see
A poem lovely as a tree.

A tree whose hungry mouth is pressed
Against the earth's sweet flowing breast;

A tree that looks at God all day
And lifts her leafy arms to pray;

A tree that may in summer wear
A nest of robins in her hair;

Upon whose bosom snow has lain;
Who intimately lives with rain.

Poems are made by fools like me,
But only God can make a tree.”
― Joyce Kilmer, Trees & Other Poems

“When faith replaces doubt, when selfless service eliminates selfish striving, the power of God brings to pass His purposes.”
― Thomas S. Monson

“It might be a good idea if, like the White Queen, we practiced believing six impossible things every morning before breakfast, for we are called on to believe what to many people is impossible. Instead of rejoicing in this glorious "impossible" which gives meaning and dignity to our lives, we try to domesticate God, to make his might actions comprehensible to our finite minds.”
― Madeleine L'Engle

“We are women, and my plea is Let me be a woman, holy through and through, asking for nothing but what God wants to give me, receiving with both hands and with all my heart whatever that is.”
― Elisabeth Elliot

“We may be surprised at the people we find in heaven. God has a soft spot for sinners. His standards are quite low.”
― Desmond Tutu

“Any faith that must be supported by the evidence of the senses is not real faith.”
― A.W. Tozer, The Knowledge of the Holy

“Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Prayer is not an old woman's idle amusement. Properly understood and applied, it is the most potent instrument of action.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“Talk to me about the truth of religion and I'll listen gladly. Talk to me about the duty of religion and I'll listen submissively. But don't come talking to me about the consolations of religion or I shall suspect that you don't understand.”
― C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed

“And if these mountains had eyes, they would wake to find two strangers in their fences, standing in admiration as a breathing red pours its tinge upon earth's shore. These mountains, which have seen untold sunrises, long to thunder praise but stand reverent, silent so that man's weak praise should be given God's attention.”
― Donald Miller, Through Painted Deserts: Light, God, and Beauty on the Open Road

“The significance of our lives and our fragile planet is then determined only by our own wisdom and courage. We are the custodians of life's meaning. We long for a Parent to care for us, to forgive us our errors, to save us from our childish mistakes. But knowledge is preferable to ignorance. Better by far to embrace the hard truth than a reassuring fable. If we crave some cosmic purpose, then let us find ourselves a worthy goal.”
― Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space

“I believe if there's any kind of God it wouldn't be in any of us, not you or me but just this little space in between. If there's any kind of magic in this world it must be in the attempt of understanding someone sharing something. I know, it's almost impossible to succeed but who cares really? The answer must be in the attempt.”
― Julie Delpy, Before Sunrise & Before Sunset: Two Screenplays

“This is what I believe: That I am I. That my soul is a dark forest. That my known self will never be more than a little clearing in the forest. That gods, strange gods, come forth from the forest into the clearing of my known self, and then go back. That I must have the courage to let them come and go. That I will never let mankind put anything over me, but that I will try always to recognize and submit to the gods in me and the gods in other men and women. There is my creed.”
― DH Lawrence

“And in despair I bowed my head;
"There is no peace on earth," I said;
"For hate is strong,
And mocks the song
Of peace on earth, good-will to men!"

Then pealed the bells more loud and deep:
"God is not dead, nor doth he sleep!
The Wrong shall fail,
the Right prevail,
With peace on earth, good-will to men!”
― Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

“I used to wonder if it was God's plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found peace. I found happiness within people and the world.”
― Lana Del Rey

“It's all God's will: you can die in your sleep, and God can spare you in battle.”
― Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“When everything gets answered, it's fake.”
― Sean Penn

“Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.”
― Lenny Bruce

“In God you come up against something which is in every respect immeasurably superior to yourself. Unless you know God as that-and, therefore, know yourself as nothing in comparison-you do not know God at all. ”
― C.S. Lewis

“My arms are too short to box with God.”
― Johnny Cash

“We are nearer to him than his jugular vein.”
― Anonymous, Qurʾan / القرآن الكريم

“God is no fonder of intellectual slackers than He is of any other slacker.”
― C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity

“Deep in each man is the knowledge that something knows of his existence. Something knows, and cannot be fled nor hid from.”
― Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing

“Lift your hips for me, love.”
― Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me

“Just because you can explain it doesn't mean it's not still a miracle.”
― Terry Pratchett, Small Gods

“If in thirst you drink water from a cup, you see God in it. Those who are not in love with God will see only their own faces in it.”
― Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi

“I think, well, I've had a shit of a life, all things considered. It wasn't fair. Everyone I've ever loved is dead, and my leg hurts all the bloody time... But I think, any God that can do sunsets like that, a different one every night... 'Strewth, well, you've got to respect the old bastard, haven't you?”
― Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists

“He who has God and everything else has no more than he who has God only.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory

“We have never heard the devil's side of the story, God wrote all the book.”
― Anatole France

“Yahweh: You've been unhappy because you've desired things that cannot be.

Lucifer: That's what desire IS. The need for what we can't have. The need for what's readily available is called greed.”
― Mike Carey, Lucifer, Vol. 11: Evensong

“I can no more understand the totality of God than the pancake I made for breakfast understands the complexity of me”
― Donald Miller

“And people who believe in God think God has put human beings on earth because they think human beings are the best animal, but human beings are just an animal and they will evolve into another animal, and that animal will be cleverer and it will put human beings into a zoo, like we put chimpanzees and gorillas into a zoo. Or human beings will all catch a disease and die out or they will make too much pollution and kill themselves, and then there will only be insects in the world and they will be the best animal.”
― Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time

“The grace of God means something like: Here is your life. You might never have been, but you are because the party wouldn't have been complete without you.”
― Frederick Buechner

“What is sin?
It is the glory of God not honored.
The holiness of God not reverenced.
The greatness of God not admired.
The power of God not praised.
The truth of God not sought.
The wisdom of God not esteemed.
The beauty of God not treasured.
The goodness of God not savored.
The faithfulness of God not trusted.
The commandments of God not obeyed.
The justice of God not respected.
The wrath of God not feared.
The grace of God not cherished.
The presence of God not prized.
The person of God not loved.
That is sin.”
― John Piper

“There are powers far beyond us, plans far beyond what we could have ever thought of, visions far more vast than what we can ever see on our own with our own eyes, there are horizons long gone beyond our own horizons. This is courage- to throw away what is our own that is limited and to thrust ourselves into the hands of these higher powers- God and Destiny.To do this is to abide in the realm of the eternal, to walk in the path of the everlasting to follow in the footprints of God and demi-gods. The hardest part for man is the letting go. For some reason, he thinks himself big enough to know and to see what's good for him. But in the letting go........is found freedom. In the letting go........ is found the flight!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Why do they blame me for all their little failings? They use my name as if I spent my entire days sitting on their shoulders, forcing them to commit acts they would otherwise find repulsive. 'The devil made me do it.' I have never made one of them do anything. Never. They live their own tiny lives. I do not live their lives for them.”
― Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists

“The story goes that a public sinner was excommunicated and forbidden entry to the church. He took his woes to God. 'They won't let me in, Lord, because I am a sinner.'

'What are you complaining about?' said God. 'They won't let Me in either.”
― Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out

“Love is as simple as the absence of self given to another. God, when invited, fills the void of any unrequited love; hence loving is how one is drawn closer to God no matter its most horrific repercussions.”
― Criss Jami, Venus in Arms

“God is the same everywhere.”
― Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“How come when mortals want things, their only option is to make a deal with Hell and sell their soul? Why can’t they make deals with God in exchange for good behavior?"

It was another of those rare moments when I’d surprised Carter. I waited for the glib answer I’d mentioned to Seth, something along the lines of goodness being its own reward. The angel considered for several seconds. "Humans make those deals all the time," he said finally. "They just don’t make them with God."

"Then who are they making them with?" I exclaimed.

"Themselves.”
― Richelle Mead, Succubus Heat

“You will never glory in God till first of all God has killed your glorying in yourself.”
― Charles H. Spurgeon

“Every faith in the world is based on fabrication. That is the definition of faith―acceptance of that which we imagine to be true, that which we cannot prove. Every religion describes God through metaphor, allegory, and exaggeration, from the early Egyptians through modern Sunday school. Metaphors are a way to help our minds process the unprocessible. The problems arise when we begin to believe literally in our own metaphors.

Should we wave a flag and tell the Buddhists that we have proof the Buddha did not come from a lotus blossom? Or that Jesus was not born of a literal virgin birth? Those who truly understand their faiths understand the stories are metaphorical.”
― Dan Brown, The Da Vinci Code

“If absolute power corrupts absolutely, where does that leave God?”
― George Deacon

“To have found God and still to pursue Him is the soul’s paradox of love.”
― A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God: The Human Thirst for the Divine

“Woman is the light of God.”
― Rumi

“There was only one guy in the whole Bible Jesus ever personally promised a place with him in Paradise. Not Peter, not Paul, not any of those guys. He was a convicted thief, being executed. So don't knock the guys on death row. Maybe they know something you don't.”
― Neil Gaiman, American Gods

“If money’s the god people worship, I’d rather go worship the devil instead.”
― Jess C Scott, Rockstar

“A lonely day is God's way of saying that he wants to spend some quality time with you.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“When people ask me if a god created the universe, I tell them that the question itself makes no sense. Time didn’t exist before the big bang, so there is no time for god to make the universe in. It’s like asking directions to the edge of the earth; The Earth is a sphere; it doesn’t have an edge; so looking for it is a futile exercise. We are each free to believe what we want, and it’s my view that the simplest explanation is; there is no god. No one created our universe,and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization; There is probably no heaven, and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe, and for that I am extremely grateful.”
― Stephen Hawking

“I gave in, and admitted that God was God.”
― C.S. Lewis

“For those who believe, no proof is necessary. For those who don't believe, no proof is possible.”
― Stuart Chase

“And my God will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus.”
― Anonymous, The Holy Bible: New American Standard Version, NASB

“Now we cannot...discover our failure to keep God's law except by trying our very hardest (and then failing). Unless we really try, whatever we say there will always be at the back of our minds the idea that if we try harder next time we shall succeed in being completely good. Thus, in one sense, the road back to God is a road of moral effort, of trying harder and harder. But in another sense it is not trying that is ever going to bring us home. All this trying leads up to the vital moment at which you turn to God and say, "You must do this. I can't.”
― C.S. Lewis

“I seemed to hear God saying, "Put down your gun and we'll talk.”
― C.S. Lewis

“If our testimonies are strong onthis point and if we feel the absolute assurance that God loves us, we will change our questons. We won't ask, 'Why did this happen?' or 'Why doesn't God care about me?' Instead, our questions will become, 'What can I learn from this experience?' or 'How does the Lord want me to handle this?”
― John Bytheway, When Times Are Tough: 5 Scriptures That Will Help You Get Through Almost Anything

“If you follow the will of God, you know that in spite of all the terrible things that happen to you, you will never lose a final refuge. You know that the foundation of the world is love, so that even when no human being can or will help you, you may go on, trusting in the One that loves you.”
― Pope Benedict XVI

“What the soul hardly realizes is that, unbeliever or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God.”
― Hubert Van Zeller

“I don't try to imagine a personal God; it suffices to stand in awe at the structure of the world, insofar as it allows our inadequate senses to appreciate it.”
― Albert Einstein

“لا تسمح للحياة السريعة أن تسرق منك لحظات التعبد والطاعة ، لاتسمح لها بأن تجعل من صلاتك روتينا تؤديه في وقت معين بلا روح أو وعي”
― كريم الشاذلي, أفكار صغيرة لحياة كبيرة

“God dwells within you, as you.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert

“Love is the only future God offers.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“In God there is no hunger that needs to be filled, only plenteousness that desires to give.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves

“Don't believe in God. Love the world just the way it is. ”
― Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road

“The man who fears to be alone will never be anything but lonely, no matter how much he may surround himself with people. But the man who learns, in solitude and recollection, to be at peace with his own loneliness, and to prefer its reality to the illusion of merely natural companionship, comes to know the invisible companionship of God. Such a one is alone with God in all places, and he alone truly enjoys the companionship of other men, because he loves them in God in Whom their presence is not tiresome, and because of Whom his own love for them can never know satiety.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“Pray, hope, and don't worry. Worry is useless. God is merciful and will hear your prayer.”
― Padre Pio

“God is not needed to create guilt or to punish. Our fellow men suffice, aided by ourselves. You were speaking of the Last Judgement. Allow me to laugh respectfully. I shall wait for it resolutely, for I have known what is worse, the judgement of men. For them, no extenuating circumstances; even the good intention is ascribed to crime. Have you at least heard of the spitting cell, which a nation recently thought up to prove itself the greatest on earth? A walled-up box in which the prisoner can stand without moving. The solid door that locks him in the cement shell stops at chin level. Hence only his face is visible, and every passing jailer spits copiously on it. The prisoner, wedged into his cell, cannot wipe his face, though he is allowed, it is true. to close his eyes. Well, that, mon cher, is a human invention. They didn't need God for that little masterpiece.”
― Albert Camus, The Fall

“I have been finding treasures in places I did not want to search. I have been hearing wisdom from tongues I did not want to listen. I have been finding beauty where I did not want to look. And I have learned so much from journeys I did not want to take. Forgive me, O Gracious One; for I have been closing my ears and eyes for too long. I have learned that miracles are only called miracles because they are often witnessed by only those who can can see through all of life's illusions. I am ready to see what really exists on other side, what exists behind the blinds, and taste all the ugly fruit instead of all that looks right, plump and ripe.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“God might work on mysterious ways, but hell worked on efficient ones.”
― Richelle Mead, Succubus Shadows

“Suppose neutral angels were able to talk, Yahweh and Lucifer – God and Satan, to use their popular titles – into settling out of court. What would be the terms of the compromise? Specifically, how would they divide the assets of their early kingdom?

Would God be satisfied the loaves and fishes and itty-bitty thimbles of Communion wine, while Satan to have the red-eye gravy, eighteen-ounce New York Stakes, and buckets of chilled champagne? Would God really accept twice-a-month lovemaking for procreative purposes and give Satan the all night, no-holds-barred, nasty “can’t-get-enough-of-you” hot-as-hell-fucks?

Think about it. Would Satan get New Orleans, Bangkok, and the French Riviera and God get Salt Lake City? Satan get ice hockey, God get horseshoes? God get bingo, Satan get stud poker? Satan get LSD; God, Prozac? God get Neil Simon; Satan Oscar Wilde?”
― Tom Robbins

“Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.”
― Henry David Thoreau

“I think you have every right to cherry-pick when it comes to moving your spirit and finding peace in God. You take whatever works from wherever you can find it, and you keep moving toward the light.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Someday I will understand Auschwitz. This was a brave statement but innocently absurd. No one will ever understand Auschwitz. What I might have set down with more accuracy would have been: Someday I will write about Sophie's life and death, and thereby help demonstrate how absolute evil is never extinguished from the world. Auschwitz itself remains inexplicable. The most profound statement yet made about Auschwitz was not a statement at all, but a response.

The query: "At Auschwitz, tell me, where was God?"

And the answer: "Where was man?”
― William Styron, Sophie's Choice

“Once upon a time there was a young prince who believed in all things but three. He did not believe in princesses, he did not believe in islands, he did not believe in God. His father, the king, told him that such things did not exist. As there were no princesses or islands in his father's domains, and no sign of God, the young prince believed his father.

But then, one day, the prince ran away from his palace. He came to the next land. There, to his astonishment, from every coast he saw islands, and on these islands, strange and troubling creatures whom he dared not name. As he was searching for a boat, a man in full evening dress approached him along the shore.

Are those real islands?' asked the young prince.

Of course they are real islands,' said the man in evening dress.

And those strange and troubling creatures?'

They are all genuine and authentic princesses.'

Then God must exist!' cried the prince.

I am God,' replied the man in full evening dress, with a bow.

The young prince returned home as quickly as he could.

So you are back,' said the father, the king.

I have seen islands, I have seen princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully.

The king was unmoved.

Neither real islands, nor real princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully.

The king was unmoved.

Neither real islands, nor real princesses, nor a real God exist.'

I saw them!'

Tell me how God was dressed.'

God was in full evening dress.'

Were the sleeves of his coat rolled back?'

The prince remembered that they had been. The king smiled.

That is the uniform of a magician. You have been deceived.'

At this, the prince returned to the next land, and went to the same shore, where once again he came upon the man in full evening dress.

My father the king has told me who you are,' said the young prince indignantly. 'You deceived me last time, but not again. Now I know that those are not real islands and real princesses, because you are a magician.'

The man on the shore smiled.

It is you who are deceived, my boy. In your father's kingdom there are many islands and many princesses. But you are under your father's spell, so you cannot see them.'

The prince pensively returned home. When he saw his father, he looked him in the eyes.

Father, is it true that you are not a real king, but only a magician?'

The king smiled, and rolled back his sleeves.

Yes, my son, I am only a magician.'

Then the man on the shore was God.'

The man on the shore was another magician.'

I must know the real truth, the truth beyond magic.'

There is no truth beyond magic,' said the king.

The prince was full of sadness.

He said, 'I will kill myself.'

The king by magic caused death to appear. Death stood in the door and beckoned to the prince. The prince shuddered. He remembered the beautiful but unreal islands and the unreal but beautiful princesses.

Very well,' he said. 'I can bear it.'

You see, my son,' said the king, 'you too now begin to be a magician.”
― John Fowles

“I have met some highly intelligent believers, but history has no record to say that [s]he knew or understood the mind of god. Yet this is precisely the qualification which the godly must claim—so modestly and so humbly—to possess. It is time to withdraw our 'respect' from such fantastic claims, all of them aimed at the exertion of power over other humans in the real and material world.”
― Christopher Hitchens, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Nonbeliever

“ويكفيك عِزًا وكرامة أنك إذا أردتَ مقابلة سيدك أن يكون الأمر بيدك ، فما عليك إلا أن تتوضأ وتنوي المقابلة قائلًا : اللَّه أكبر ، فتكون في معية اللَّه عز وجل في لقاء تحدد أنت مكانه وموعده ومدته ، وتختار أنت موضوع المقابلة ، وتظل في حضرة ربك إلى أن تنهي المقابلة متى أردتَ .
فما بالك لو حاولت لقاء عظيم من عظماء الدنيا ؟ وكم أنت ملاقٍ من المشقة والعنت ؟ وكم دونه من الحُجّاب و الحراس؟ ثم بعد ذلك ليس لك أن تختار لا الزمان و المكان و لا الموضوع ولاغيره!”
― محمد متولي الشعراوي, كيف تقرأ القرآن الكريم وتحفظه

“To judge from the notions expounded by theologians, one must conclude that God created most men simply with a view to crowding hell.”
― Marquis de Sade

“Life is suffering
Love is the desire to see unnecessary suffering ameliorated
Truth is the handmaiden of love
Dialogue is the pathway to truth
Humility is recognition of personal insufficiency and the willingness to learn
To learn is to die voluntarily and be born again, in great ways and small
So speech must be untrammeled
So that dialogue can take place
So that we can all humbly learn
So that truth can serve love
So that suffering can be ameliorated
So that we can all stumble forward to the Kingdom of God”
― Jordan B. Peterson

“Stop asking God to bless what you're doing. Find out what God's doing. It's already blessed.”
― Bono

“If the concept of God has any validity or any use, it can only be to make us larger, freer, and more loving. If God cannot do this, then it is time we got rid of Him.”
― James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time

“Though I obviously have no proof of this, the one aspect of life that seems clear to me is that good people do whatever they believe is the right thing to do. Being virtuous is hard, not easy. The idea of doing good things simply because you're good seems like a zero-sum game; I'm not even sure those actions would still qualify as 'good,' since they'd merely be a function of normal behavior. Regardless of what kind of god you believe in--a loving god, a vengeful god, a capricious god, a snooty beret-wearing French god, or whatever--one has to assume that you can't be penalized for doing the things you believe to be truly righteous and just. Certainly, this creates some pretty glaring problems: Hitler may have thought he was serving God. Stalin may have thought he was serving God (or something vaguely similar). I'm certain Osama bin Laden was positive he was serving God. It's not hard to fathom that all of those maniacs were certain that what they were doing was right. Meanwhile, I constantly do things that I know are wrong; they're not on the same scale as incinerating Jews or blowing up skyscrapers, but my motivations might be worse. I have looked directly into the eyes of a woman I loved and told her lies for no reason, except that those lies would allow me to continue having sex with another woman I cared about less. This act did not kill 20 million Russian peasants, but it might be more 'diabolical' in a literal sense. If I died and found out I was going to hell and Stalin was in heaven, I would note the irony, but I couldn't complain. I don't make the fucking rules.”
― Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto

“Beloved, let us love one another, because love is from God; everyone one who loves is born of God and knows God. Whoever does not love does not know God, for God is love.”
― Anonymous, The New Testament

“I'm convinced that most men don't know what they believe, rather, they only know what they wish to believe. How many people blame God for man's atrocities, but wouldn't dream of imprisoning a mother for her son's crime?”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“God put us here, on this carnival ride. We close our eyes never knowing where it'll take us next.”
― Carrie Underwood

“You cannot conceive, nor can I, of the appalling strangeness of the mercy of God.”
― Graham Greene, Brighton Rock

“Day after day, day after day,
We stuck, nor breath nor motion;
As idle as a painted ship
Upon a painted ocean.”
― Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner

“Whatever God requires is right, no matter what it is, although we may not see the reason there of until all of the events transpire.”
― Joseph Smith

“But where was God now, with heaven full of astronauts, and the Lord overthrown? I miss God. I miss the company of someone utterly loyal. I still don't think of God as my betrayer. The servants of God, yes, but servants by their very nature betray. I miss God who was my friend. I don't even know if God exists, but I do know that if God is your emotional role model, very few human relationships will match up to it. I have an idea that one day it might be possible, I thought once it had become possible, and that glimpse has set me wandering, trying to find the balance between earth and sky. If the servants hadn't rushed in and parted us, I might have been disappointed, might have snatched off the white samite to find a bowl of soup.

As it is, I can't settle, I want someone who is fierce and will love me until death and know that love is as strong as death, and be on my side for ever and ever. I want someone who will destroy and be destroyed by me. There are many forms of love and affection, some people can spend their whole lives together without knowing each other's names. Naming is a difficult and time-consuming process; it concerns essences, and it means power. But on the wild nights who can call you home? Only the one who knows your name. Romantic love has been diluted into paperback form and has sold thousands and millions of copies. Somewhere it is still in the original, written on tablets of stone. I would cross seas and suffer sunstroke and give away all I have, but not for a man, because they want to be the destroyer and never the destroyed.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit

“You're gonna have to serve somebody; well, it may be the devil, or it may be the Lord, but you're gonna have to serve somebody...”
― Bob Dylan

“Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.”
― Rabindranath Tagore

“I have to believe much in God because I have lost my faith in man.”
― José Rizal, Noli Me Tángere

“We're called to be faithful, to take those first difficult steps--and to leave the results up to God.”
― Alex Harris

“Harper: In your experience of the world. How do people change?

Mormon Mother: Well it has something to do with God so it's not very nice.

God splits the skin with a jagged thumbnail from throat to belly and then plunges a huge filthy hand in, he grabs hold of your bloody tubes and they slip to evade his grasp but he squeezes hard, he insists, he pulls and pulls till all your innards are yanked out and the pain! We can't even talk about that. And then he stuffs them back, dirty, tangled and torn. It's up to you to do the stitching.

Harper: And then up you get. And walk around.

Mormon Mother: Just mangled guts pretending.

Harper: That's how people change.”
― Tony Kushner, Angels in America

“God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.”
― Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations

“To see evil and call it good, mocks God. Worse, it makes goodness meaningless. A word without meaning is an abomination, for when the word passes beyond understanding the very thing the word stands for passes out of the world and cannot be recalled.”
― Stephen R. Lawhead, Arthur

“For Sayonara, literally translated, 'Since it must be so,' of all the good-bys I have heard is the most beautiful. Unlike the Auf Wiedershens and Au revoirs, it does not try to cheat itself by any bravado 'Till we meet again,' any sedative to postpone the pain of separation. It does not evade the issue like the sturdy blinking Farewell. Farewell is a father's good-by. It is - 'Go out in the world and do well, my son.' It is encouragement and admonition. It is hope and faith. But it passes over the significance of the moment; of parting it says nothing. It hides its emotion. It says too little. While Good-by ('God be with you') and Adios say too much. They try to bridge the distance, almost to deny it. Good-by is a prayer, a ringing cry. 'You must not go - I cannot bear to have you go! But you shall not go alone, unwatched. God will be with you. God's hand will over you' and even - underneath, hidden, but it is there, incorrigible - 'I will be with you; I will watch you - always.' It is a mother's good-by. But Sayonara says neither too much nor too little. It is a simple acceptance of fact. All understanding of life lies in its limits. All emotion, smoldering, is banked up behind it. But it says nothing. It is really the unspoken good-by, the pressure of a hand, 'Sayonara.”
― Anne Morrow Lindbergh, North to the Orient

“I could not believe in a God that would challenge faith like this.”
― Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated

“Your prayer for someone may or may not change them, but it always changes YOU.”
― Craig Groeschel

“There is nothing more important than your eternal salvation.”
― Kirk Cameron

“Did God ever cry over his lost angel, I wonder?”
― Libba Bray, Rebel Angels

“The more humble and obedient to God a man is, the more wise and at peace he will be in all that he does.”
― Thomas à Kempis, The Inner Life

“We can never know who or what we are till we know at least something of what God is.”
― A. W. Tozer

“Perfect prayer does not consist in many words, silent remembering and pure intention raises the heart to that supreme Power.”
― Amit Ray, Om Chanting and Meditation

“The common man prays, 'I want a cookie right now!' And God responds, 'If you'd listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“God has created me to do Him some definite service. He has committed some work to me which He has not committed to another. I have my mission. I may never know it in this life, but I shall be told it in the next. I am a link in a chain, a bond of connection between persons.

He has not created me for naught. I shall do good; I shall do His work. I shall be an angel of peace, a preacher of truth in my own place, while not intending it if I do but keep His commandments.

Therefore, I will trust Him, whatever I am, I can never be thrown away. If I am in sickness, my sickness may serve Him, in perplexity, my perplexity may serve Him. If I am in sorrow, my sorrow may serve Him. He does nothing in vain. He knows what He is about. He may take away my friends. He may throw me among strangers. He may make me feel desolate, make my spirits sink, hide my future from me. Still, He knows what He is about.”
― John Henry Newman

“Let every man abide in the calling wherein he is called and his work will be as sacred as the work of the ministry. It is not what a man does that determines whether his work is sacred or secular, it is why he does it.”
― A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God: The Human Thirst for the Divine

“It was too perfect to last,' so I am tempted to say of our marriage. But it can be meant in two ways. It may be grimly pessimistic - as if God no sooner saw two of His creatures happy than He stopped it ('None of that here!'). As if He were like the Hostess at the sherry-party who separates two guests the moment they show signs of having got into a real conversation. But it could also mean 'This had reached its proper perfection. This had become what it had in it to be. Therefore of course it would not be prolonged.' As if God said, 'Good; you have mastered that exercise. I am very pleased with it. And now you are ready to go on to the next.”
― C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed

“Without God, life has no purpose, and without purpose, life has no meaning. Without meaning, life has no significance or hope.”
― Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?

“God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.”
― Pablo Picasso

“Oh, God of Dust and Rainbows,
Help us to see
That without the dust the rainbow
Would not be.”
― Langston Hughes

“Let nothing disturb you,
Let nothing frighten you,
All things are passing away:
God never changes.
Patience obtains all things.
Whoever has God lacks nothing;
God alone suffices.”
― Santa Teresa de Jesús

“The world takes us to a silver screen on which flickering images of passion and romance play, and as we watch, the world says, “This is love.” God takes us to the foot of a tree on which a naked and bloodied man hangs and says, “This is love.”
― Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye: A New Attitude Toward Relationships and Romance

“I tell of hearts and souls and dances...
Butterflies and second chances;
Desperate ones and dreamers bound,
Seeking life from barren ground,
Who suffer on in earthly fate
The bitter pain of agony hate,
Might but they stop and here forgive
Would break the bonds to breathe and live
And find that God in goodness brings
A chance for change, the hope of wings
To rest in Him, and self to die
And so become a butterfly.”
― Karen Kingsbury, Oceans Apart

“Your God person puts an apple tree in the middle of a garden and says, do what you like, guys, oh, but don't eat the apple. Surprise surprise, they eat it and he leaps out from behind a bush shouting "Gotcha". It wouldn't have made any difference if they hadn't eaten it.'
'Why not?'
'Because if you're dealing with somebody who has the sort of mentality which likes leaving hats on the pavement with bricks under them you know perfectly well they won't give up. They'll get you in the end.”
― Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe

“You're here to be light, bringing out the God-colors in the world.
(Matthew 5:14, The Message)”
― Anonymous, The Message Remix

“I do know that waiting on God requires the willingness to bear uncertainty, to carry within oneself the unanswered question, lifting the heart to God about it whenever it intrudes upon one’s thoughts. Its easy to talk oneself into a decision that has no permanence – easier sometimes than to wait patiently.”
― Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control

“Personally, I do not want to make you a man. Men are so very frail. Men break. Men die. No, I’ve always wished to make a god.”
― Pierce Brown, Red Rising

“And God is able to make all grace abound to you, so that in all things at all times, having all that you need, you will abound in every good work.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version

“Lucifer spoke thus. Pride took him from heaven, though he sat at God's right hand.' Her voice grew faint, the hint of a whisper. 'In the end pride is the only evil, the root of all sins.'
'Pride is all I have.”
― Mark Lawrence, Prince of Thorns

“But here steps in Satan, the eternal rebel, the first freethinker and the emancipator of worlds. He makes man ashamed of his bestial ignorance and obedience; he emancipates him, stamps upon his brow the seal of liberty and humanity, in urging him to disobey and eat of the fruit of knowledge.”
― Mikhail Bakunin

“Rabe'a al-Adiwiyah, a great woman saint of Sufism, was seen running through the streets of her hometown, Basra, carrying a torch in one hand and a bucket of water in the other. When someone asked her what she was doing, she answered, 'I am going to take this bucket of water and pour it on the flames of hell, and then I am going to use this torch to burn down the gates of paradise so that people will not love God for want of heaven or fear of hell, but because He is God.”
― John Green, Looking for Alaska

“Men will allow God to be everywhere but on his throne. They will allow him to be in his workshop to fashion worlds and make stars. They will allow Him to be in His almonry to dispense His alms and bestow his bounties. they will allow Him to sustain the earth and bear up the pillars thereof, or light the lamps of heaven, or rule the waves of the ever-moving ocean; but when God ascends Hes throne, His creatures then gnash their teeth. And we proclaim an enthroned God, and His right to do as He wills with His own, to dispose of His creatures as He thinks well, without consulting them in the matter; then it is that we are hissed and execrated, and then it is that men turn a deaf ear to us, for God on His throne is not the God they love. But it is God upon the throne that we love to preach. It is God upon His throne whom we trust.”
― Charles Haddon Spurgeon

“In the heartfelt mercy of our God, the dawn from on high will visit us, to shine on those sitting in darkness, in the shadow of death, to guide our feet to the way of peace.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“His Omnipotence means power to do all that is intrinsically possible, not to do the intrinsically impossible. You may attribute miracles to Him, but not nonsense. This is no limit to His power. If you choose to say, ‘God can give a creature free will and at the same time withhold free will from it,’ you have not succeeded in saying anything about God: meaningless combinations of words do not suddenly acquire meaning simply because we prefix to them the two other words, 'God can.' It remains true that all things are possible with God: the intrinsic impossibilities are not things but nonentities. It is no more possible for God than for the weakest of His creatures to carry out both of two mutually exclusive alternatives; not because His power meets an obstacle, but because nonsense remains nonsense even when we talk it about God.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain

“الله عادل، لكن الحياة غير عادلة. الحياة ليست مكانًا للعدل، بل لاختبار حسّنا تجاهه”
― ليلى الجهني, 40 في معنى أن أكبر

“I perceive God everywhere in His works. I sense Him in me; I see Him all around me.”
― Rousseau Jean - Jacques

“If God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish Him.”
― Mikhail Bakunin

“Work is a blessing. God has so arranged the world that work is necessary, and He gives us hands and strength to do it. The enjoyment of leisure would be nothing if we had only leisure. It is the joy of work well done that enables us to enjoy rest, just as it is the experiences of hunger and thirst that make food and drink such pleasures.”
― Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender

“I always thought when I got older that God would sort of come into my life in some way. He didn't. I don't blame him. If I was him I'd have the same opinion about me that he does.”
― Cormac McCarthy, No Country for Old Men

“اذا كان الانسان مع الله كان الله معه وأرسل له عند الحاجة علامات تدل على ذلك.”
― Malcolm X

“He who thinks half-heartedly will not believe in God; but he who really thinks has to believe in God.”
― Isaac Newton

“Poor God, how often He is blamed for all the suffering in the
world. It’s like praising Satan for allowing all the good that happens.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“May each of us remember this truth; 'one cannot forget mother and remember God. One cannot remember mother and forget God.' Why? Because these two sacred persons, God and mother, partners in creation, in love, in sacrifice, in service, are as one.”
― Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson

“We never know how God will answer our prayers, but we can expect that He will get us involved in His plan for the answer. If we are true intercessors, we must be ready to take part in God’s work on behalf of the people for whom we pray.”
― Corrie ten Boom

“I have too much respect for the idea of God to make it responsible for such an absurd world.”
― Georges Duhamel

“Why do humans exist? A major part of the answer: because Pikaia Gracilens survived the Burgess decimation.”
― Christopher Hitchens, God Is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything

“For every thing that lives is Holy.”
― William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell

“If you understood him, it would not be God.”
― St. Augustine of Hippo

“It's our faith that activates the power of God.”
― Joel Osteen, Your Best Life Now: 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential

“Imagination is the voice of daring. If there is anything godlike about God, it is that. He dared to imagine everything”
― Henry Miller, Sexus

“That God does not exist, I cannot deny, That my whole being cries out for God I cannot forget.”
― Jean-Paul Sartre

“All this twaddle, the existence of God, atheism, determinism, liberation, societies, death, etc., are pieces of a chess game called language, and they are amusing only if one does not preoccupy oneself with 'winning or losing this game of chess.”
― Marcel Duchamp

“gray hair is gods graffiti”
― Bill Cosby

“I don't believe in any actual thinking God that marks the fall of every bird in Australia or every bug in India, a God that records all of our sins in a big golden book and judges us when we die - I don't want to believe in a God who would deliberately create bad people and then deliberately send them to roast in a hell He created-but I believe there has to be something”
― Stephen King

“If God exists, I hope he has a good excuse.”
― Woody Allen

“God, send me anywhere, only go with me. Lay any burden on me, only sustain me. And sever any tie in my heart except the tie that binds my heart to Yours.”
― David Livingstone

“The power of God is with you at all times; through the activities of mind, senses, breathing, and emotions; and is constantly doing all the work using you as a mere instrument.”
― Anonymous, Bhagavad Gita: El Canto del Senor

“God gave us crying so other folks could see when we needed help, and help us.”
― Joshilyn Jackson, Gods in Alabama

“Although it is very easy to marry a wife, it is very difficult to support her along with the children and the household. Accordingly, no one notices this faith of Jacob. Indeed, many hate fertility in a wife for the sole reason that the offspring must be supported and brought up. For this is what they commonly say: ‘Why should I marry a wife when I am a pauper and a beggar? I would rather bear the burden of poverty alone and not load myself with misery and want.’ But this blame is unjustly fastened on marriage and fruitfulness. Indeed, you are indicting your unbelief by distrusting God’s goodness, and you are bringing greater misery upon yourself by disparaging God’s blessing. For if you had trust in God’s grace and promises, you would undoubtedly be supported. But because you do not hope in the Lord, you will never prosper.”
― Martin Luther, The Sermons of Martin Luther: 7 Volumes

“It's not about finding ways to avoid God's judgment and feeling like a failure if you don't do everything perfectly. It's about fully experiencing God's love and letting it perfect you. It's not about being somebody you are not. It's about becoming who you really are.”
― Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Woman

“the nurse smiled and patted my arm. “Don’t give up yet. Sometimes when we think God has written The End, what he really means is The Beginning.”
― Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin

“Man corrupt everything, say Shug. He on your box of grits, in your head, and all over the radio. He try to make you think he everywhere. Soon as you think he everywhere, you think he God. But he ain't. Whenever you trying to pray, and man plop himself on the other end of it, tell him to git lost, say Shug. Conjure up the flowers, wind, water, a big rock.”
― Alice Walker, The Color Purple

“(on forgiveness) Didn't he and I stand together before an all seeing God convicted of the same murder? For I had murdered him with my heart and my tongue.”
― Corrie Ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom

“The idea of God, infinity, or spirit stands for the possible attempt at an impossible conception.”
― Edgar Allan Poe

“She has man's brain--a brain that a man should have were he much gifted--and woman's heart. The good God fashioned her for a purpose, believe me when He made that so good combination.”
― Bram Stoker, Dracula

“If pinpointing God's presence were really that simple, then he supposed the beaches would be more crowded in the mornings. They would be filled with people on their own quests, instead of people jogging or walking their dogs or fishing in the surf.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song

“Only God is awesome.”
― Shane Claiborne

“God's only excuse is that he does not exist”
― Stendhal

“We must cease striving and trust God to provide what He thinks is best and in whatever time He chooses to make it available. But this kind of trusting doesn't come naturally. It's a spiritual crisis of the will in which we must choose to exercise faith.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Theological formation is the gradual and often painful discovery of God's incomprehensibility. You can be competent in many things, but you cannot be competent in God.”
― Henri Nouwen

“Even when God seemed to have abandoned me, he was watching. Even when he seemed indifferent to my suffering, he was watching. And when I was beyond all hope of saving, he gave me rest. Then he gave me a sign to continue my journey.”
― Yann Martel, Life of Pi

“we unwittingly project onto God our own attitudes and feelings toward ourselves... But we cannot assume that He feels about us the way we feel about ourselves -- unless we love ourselves compassionately, intensely, and freely. ”
― Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging

“Like when you sit in front of a fire in winter — you are just there in front of the fire. You don't have to be smart or anything. The fire warms you.”
― Desmond Tutu

“The easiest way to get touch with this universal power is through silent Prayer. Shut your eyes, shut your mouth, and open your heart. This is the golden rule of prayer. Prayer should be soundless words coming forth from the centre of your heart filled with love.”
― Amit Ray, Om Chanting and Meditation

“God is the color of water. Water doesn't have a color.”
― James McBride, The Color of Water: A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother

“We read the Golden Rule and judge it to be a brilliant distillation of many of our ethical impulses. And then we come across another of God’s teachings on morality: if a man discovers on his wedding night that his bride is not a virgin, he must stone her to death on her father’s doorstep (Deuteronomy 22:13-21).”
― Sam Harris

“Becuse God loves us, but the devil takes an interest.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution

“Our heaven is their hell, said God. I like a balanced universe.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Tent

“never's the word God listens for when he needs a laugh.”
― Stephen King, The Dark Tower

“You are not what others think you are. You are what God knows you are.”
― Shannon Alder

“For the happy man prayer is only a jumble of words, until the day when sorrow comes to explain to him the sublime language by means of which he speaks to God.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard, who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous. But if by 'God,' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe, then clearly there is such a God. This God is emotionally unsatisfying... it does not make much sense to pray to the law of gravity.”
― Carl Sagan

“It is said that God has created man in his own image. But it may be that humankind has created God in the image of humankind.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Going Home: Jesus and Buddha as Brothers

“So it is best to keep an open mind and be agnostic. At first sight that seems an unassailable position, at least in the weak sense of Pascal's wager. But on second thoughts it seems a cop-out, because the same could be said of Father Christmas and tooth fairies. There may be fairies at the bottom of the garden. There is no evidence for it, but you can't prove that there aren't any, so shouldn't we be agnostic with respect to fairies?”
― Richard Dawkins

“Give me one hundred preachers who fear nothing but sin, and desire nothing but God, and I care not a straw whether they be clergymen or laymen; such alone will shake the gates of hell and set up the kingdom of heaven on Earth.”
― John Wesley

“This most beautiful system of the sun, planets and comets, could only proceed from the counsel and dominion of an intelligent and powerful Being...
This Being governs all things, not as the soul of the world, but as Lord over all; and on account of his dominion he is wont, to be called Lord God παντοκρατωρ or Universal Ruler.”
― Isaac Newton, The Principia: Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy

“The event of falling in love is of such a nature that we are right to reject as intolerable the idea that it should be transitory. In one high bound it has overleaped the massive of our selfhood; it has made appetite itself altruistic, tossed personal happiness aside as a triviality and planted the interests of another in the centre of our being. Spontaneously and without effort we have fulfilled the law (towards one person) by loving our neighbour as ourselves. It is an image, a foretaste, of what we must become to all if Love Himself rules in us without a rival. It is even (well used) a preparation for that.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves

“The soul is like an uninhabited world
that comes to life only when
God lays His head
against us.”
― St. Thomas Aquinas

“People who fit don’t seek. The seekers are those that don’t fit.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“So India’s problem turns out to be the world’s problem. What happened in India has happened in God’s name.

The problem’s name is God.”
― Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses

“Why worry about minor little details like clean air, clean water, safe ports and the safety net when Jesus is going to give the world an "Extreme Makeover: Planet Edition" right after he finishes putting Satan in his place once and for all?”
― Arianna Huffington

“I don’t know [why we're here]. People sometimes say to me, ‘Why don’t you admit that the humming bird, the butterfly, the Bird of Paradise are proof of the wonderful things produced by Creation?’ And I always say, well, when you say that, you’ve also got to think of a little boy sitting on a river bank, like here, in West Africa, that’s got a little worm, a living organism, in his eye and boring through the eyeball and is slowly turning him blind. The Creator God that you believe in, presumably, also made that little worm. Now I personally find that difficult to accommodate…”
― David Attenborough

“There is a God part in you. The consciousness. The pure Self. Learn to listen the voice of that Power.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Why would an all-powerful creator decide to plant his carefully crafted species on islands and continents in exactly the appropriate pattern to suggest, irresistibly, that they had evolved and dispersed from the site of their evolution?”
― Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution

“Science can teach us, and I think our hearts can teach us, no longer to look around for imaginary supporters, no longer to invent allies in the sky, but rather to look to our own efforts here below to make the world a fit place to live.”
― Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects

“I am alone this evening, and I am alone because of a cruel twist of fate, a phrase which here means that nothing has happened the way I thought it would. Once I was a content man, with a comfortable home, a successful career, a person I loved very much, and an extremely reliable typewriter, but all of those things have been taken away from me, and now the only trace I have of those happy days is the tattoo on my left ankle. As I sit in this very tiny room, printing these words with a very large pencil, I feel as if my whole life has been nothing but a dismal play, presented just for someone else’s amusement, and that the playwright who invented my cruel twist of fate is somewhere far above me, laughing and laughing at his creation.”
― Lemony Snicket, The Hostile Hospital

“Was there ever a more horrible blasphemy than the statement that all the knowledge of God is confined to this or that book? How dare men call God infinite, and yet try to compress Him within the covers of a little book!”
― Swami Vivekananda, Raja-Yoga

“Some of the most beautiful things we have in life comes from our mistakes.”
― Surgeo Bell

“Grace has to be the loveliest word in the English language. It embodies almost every attractive quality we hope to find in others. Grace is a gift of the humble to the humiliated. Grace acknowledges the ugliness of sin by choosing to see beyond it. Grace accepts a person as someone worthy of kindness despite whatever grime or hard-shell casing keeps him or her separated from the rest of the world. Grace is a gift of tender mercy when it makes the least sense.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Ô, Wanderess, Wanderess
When did you feel your
most euphoric kiss?
Was I the source
of your greatest bliss?”
― Roman Payne

“Children and dogs are the messengers of God some of us do not deserve them”
― Ginnetta Correli

“Who has inflicted this upon us? Who has made us Jews different from all other people? Who has allowed us to suffer so terribly up till now? It is God that has made us as we are, but it will be God, too, who will raise us up again. If we bear all this suffering and if there are still Jews left, when it is over, then Jews, instead of being doomed, will be held up as an example. Who knows, it might even be our religion from which the world and all peoples learn good, and for that reason and that reason alone do we have to suffer now. We can never become just Netherlanders, or just English, or representatives of any country for that matter; we will always remain Jews, but we want to, too.”
― Anne Frank

“And why does this same God tell me how to raise my children when he had to drown his?”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses

“According to the most common interpretation of biblical prophecy, Jesus will return only after things have gone horribly awry. Imagine the consequences if any significant component of the U.S. government believed that the world was about to end and that its ending would be glorious. The fact that nearly half of the American population apparently believes this should be considered a moral and intellectual emergency.”
― Sam Harris

“Science adjusts its views based on what's observed
Faith is the denial of observation so that belief can be preserved.”
― Tim Minchin

“Be a man!... What good is religion if it collapses under calamity? Think of what earthquakes and floods, wars and volcanoes, have done before to men! Did you think that God had exempted [us]? He is not an insurance agent.”
― H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds

“Then I realised that I was the god on this occasion. I had tried to help the bluebottle, but it wouldn't let me. And then I felt sorry for God because I understood his frustration. Sometimes when people offer a helping hand, it gets pushed away. People always want to help themselves first.”
― Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow

“If I could give you information of my life it would be to show how a woman of very ordinary ability has been led by God in strange and unaccustomed paths to do in His service what He has done in her. And if I could tell you all, you would see how God has done all, and I nothing. I have worked hard, very hard, that is all; and I have never refused God anything.”
― Florence Nightingale

“Faith does not need to push the river because faith is able to trust that there is a river. The river is flowing. We are in it.”
― Richard Rohr

“Defeat is for the valiant. Only they will know the honour of losing and the joy of winning
I am not here to tell you that defeat is a part of life: we all know that. Only the defeated know Love. Because it is in the realm of love that we fight our first battles – and generally lose.
I am here to tell you that there are people who have never been defeated.
They are the ones who never fought.
They managed to avoid scars, humiliations, feelings of helplessness, as well as those moments when even warriors doubt the existence of God.’’
Manuscript Found In Accra – Paulo Coelho”
― Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra

“Not all dreamers are winners, but all winners are dreamers. Your dream is the key to your future. The Bible says that, "without a vision (dream), a people perish." You need a dream, if you're going to succeed in anything you do.”
― Mark Gorman

“– But here is a question that is troubling me: if there is no God, then, one may ask, who governs human life and, in general, the whole order of things on earth?
– Man governs it himself, – Homeless angrily hastened to reply to this admittedly none-too-clear question.
– Pardon me, – the stranger responded gently, – but in order to govern, one needs, after all, to have a precise plan for a certain, at least somewhat decent, length of time. Allow me to ask you, then, how can man govern, if he is not only deprived of the opportunity of making a plan for at least some ridiculously short period, well, say, a thousand years , but cannot even vouch for his own tomorrow? And in fact, – here the stranger turned to Berlioz, – imagine that you, for instance, start governing, giving orders to others and yourself, generally, so to speak, acquire a taste for it, and suddenly you get ...hem ... hem ... lung cancer ... – here the foreigner smiled sweetly, and if the thought of lung cancer gave him pleasure — yes, cancer — narrowing his eyes like a cat, he repeated the sonorous word —and so your governing is over! You are no longer interested in anyone’s fate but your own. Your family starts lying to you. Feeling that something is wrong, you rush to learned doctors, then to quacks, and sometimes to fortune-tellers as well. Like the first, so the second and third are completely senseless, as you understand. And it all ends tragically: a man who still recently thought he was governing something, suddenly winds up lying motionless in a wooden box, and the people around him, seeing that the man lying there is no longer good for anything, burn him in an oven. And sometimes it’s worse still: the man has just decided to go to Kislovodsk – here the foreigner squinted at Berlioz – a trifling matter, it seems, but even this he cannot accomplish, because suddenly, no one knows why, he slips and falls under a tram-car! Are you going to say it was he who governed himself that way? Would it not be more correct to think that he was governed by someone else entirely?”
― Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita

“Every day God invites us on the same kind of adventure. It's not a trip where He sends us a rigid itinerary, He simply invites us. God asks what it is He's made us to love, what it is that captures our attention, what feeds that deep indescribable need of our souls to experience the richness of the world He made. And then, leaning over us, He whispers, "Let's go do that together.”
― Bob Goff

“In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“I don't know if God exists, but it would be better for His reputation if He didn't.”
― Jules Renard

“God isn't about making good things happen to you, or bad things happen to you. He's all about you making choices--exercising the gift of free will. God wants you to have good things and a good life, but He won't gift wrap them for you. You have to choose the actions that lead you to that life.”
― Jim Butcher

“We all long for Eden, and we are constantly glimpsing it: our whole nature at its best and least corrupted, its gentlest and most human, is still soaked with the sense of exile.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien

“Make peace with silence, and remind yourself that it is in this space that you'll come to remember your spirit. When you're able to transcend an aversion to silence, you'll also transcend many other miseries. And it is in this silence that the remembrance of God will be activated.”
― Wayne W. Dyer

“If God existed (a question concerning which Jubal maintained a meticulous intellectual neutrality) and if He desired to be worshiped (a proposition which Jubal found inherently improbable but conceivably possible in the dim light of his own ignorance), then (stipulating affirmatively both the above) it nevertheless seemed wildly unlikely to Jubal to the point of reductio ad absurdum that a God potent to shape galaxies would be titillated and swayed by the whoop-te-do nonsense the Fosterites offered Him as "worship.”
― Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land

“Imagination is a gift given to us from God and each one of us use it differently.”
― Brian Jacques

“I am striving to give back the Divine in myself to the Divine in the All.”
― Plotinus

“My father chose my name , and my last name was chosen by my ancestors . That’s enough, I myself choose my way”
― Ali Shariati

“Oh, he did look like a deity – the perfect balance of danger and charm, he was at the same time fascinating and inaccessible, distant because of his demonstrated flawlessness, and possessing such strength of character that he was dismaying and at the same time utterly attractive in an enticing and forbidden way.”
― Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice

“Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: For wither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: Thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“In my opinion, there are two things that can absolutely not be carried to the screen: the realistic presentation of the sexual act and praying to God.”
― Orson Welles

“God made a beauteous garden
With lovely flowers strown,
But one straight, narrow pathway
That was not overgrown.
And to this beauteous garden
He brought mankind to live,
And said "To you, my children,
These lovely flowers I give.
Prune ye my vines and fig trees,
With care my flowers tend,
But keep the pathway open
Your home is at the end."

God's Garden”
― Robert Frost

“You can con God and get away with it, Granny said, if you do so with charm and wit. If you live your life with imagination and verve, God will play along just to see what outrageously entertaining thing you'll do next.”
― Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas

“He who defends with love will be secure; Heaven will save him, and protect him with love.”
― Lao Tzu

“It always strikes me, and it is very peculiar, that, whenever we see the image of indescribable and unutterable desolation—of loneliness, poverty, and misery, the end and extreme of things—the thought of God comes into one's mind.”
― Vincent van Gogh

“More than anything, he wanted to return to the house with the same look of peace that he'd seen on Pastor Harris's face, but he trudged through the sand, he couldn't help feeling like an amateur, someone searching for God's truths like a child searching for seashells.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song

“God doesn't like lesbians," Grandma Huberman hised, throwing the magazine in the trash.
Jennifer knew what lesbian meant, and she knew she probably was one. But she couldn't understand why God would hold that against her or against Monica Mathers, who'd never started a war or killed anybody, and whose deadeye three-pointers were straight-up amazing. After all, hadn't God made both of them? But people were like that, she'd noticed. They'd invoke Godly privilege at the weirdest of times and for the most stupid reasons.”
― Libba Bray, Beauty Queens

“In me is working a power stronger than every other power. The life that is in me is a thousand times bigger than I am outside.”
― Smith Wigglesworth

“The same sun that rises over castles and welcomes the day
Spills over buildings into the streets where orphans play
And only You can see the good in broken things
You took my heart of stone, and You made it home
And set this prisoner free”
― Bethany Dillon

“Let us practice the fine art of making every work a priestly ministration. Let us believe that God is in all our simple deeds and learn to find Him there.”
― A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God: The Human Thirst for the Divine

“Yet a part of you still believes you can fight and survive no matter what your mind knows. It's not so strange. Where there's still life, there's still hope. What happens is up to God.”
― Louis Zamperini, Devil at My Heels

“Sometimes what I wouldn't give to have us sitting in a bar again at 9:00 a.m. telling lies to one another, far from God.”
― Denis Johnson, Jesus' Son

“Wild dreams torment me as I lie. And though a god lives in my heart, though all my power waken at his word, though he can move my every inmost part - yet nothing in the outer world is stirred. thus by existence tortured and oppressed I crave for death, I long for rest.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust, Part One

“Don't sit back and wait for God to do it all. Ask for His advice, but be prepared to do the hard yards yourself.”
― Morris Gleitzman, Grace

“Humility is perfect quietness of heart. It is to expect nothing, to wonder at nothing that is done to me, to feel nothing done against me. It is to be at rest when nobody praises me, and when I am blamed or despised. It is to have a blessed home in the Lord, where I can go in and shut the door, and kneel to my Father in secret, and am at peace as in a deep sea of calmness, when all around and above is trouble.”
― Andrew Murray

“There were a lot of gods. Gods always come in handy, they justify almost anything.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin

“What do people mean when they say, 'I am not afraid of God because I know He is good'? Have they never even been to a dentist?”
― C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed

“If you violate laws of God, you're a sinner.
If you violate laws of men, you're a criminal.
If you violate your own laws, you're pathetic.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“These people walk by a widow deformed by leprosy...walk by children dressed in rags living in the street, and they think, 'Business as usual.' But if they perceive a slight against God, it is a different story. Their faces go red, their chests heave mightily, they sputter angry words. The degree of their indignation is astonishing. Their resolve is frightening.”
― Yann Martel, Life of Pi

“I cannot choose but adhere to the word of God, which has possession of my conscience; nor can I possibly, nor will I even make any recantation, since it is neither safe nor honest to act contrary to conscience! Here I stand; I cannot do otherwise, so help me God! Amen.”
― Martin Luther

“God, who needs nothing, loves into existence wholly superfluous creatures in order that He may love and perfect them. He creates the universe, already foreseeing - or should we say "seeing"? there are no tenses in God - the buzzing cloud of flies about the cross, the flayed back pressed against the uneven stake, the nails driven through the mesial nerves, the repeated incipient suffocation as the body droops, the repeated torture of back and arms as it is time after time, for breath's sake, hitched up. If I may dare the biological image, God is a "host" who deliberately creates His own parasites; causes us to be that we may exploit and "take advantage of" Him. Herein is love. This is the diagram of Love Himself, the inventor of all loves.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves

“There is no God, Nature sufficeth unto herself; in no wise hath she need of an author.”
― Marquis de Sade

“Those who believe that they believe in God, but without passion in their hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only in the God idea, not God Himself.”
― Miguel de Unamuno

“The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quite alone with the heavens, nature and God.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“Waking up is not a selfish pursuit of happiness, it is a revolutionary stance, from the inside out, for the benefit of all beings in existence.”
― noah levine

“I wouldn't burden any decent system of faith by participating in it... I'm not agnostic. Just nonpartisan. Theological Switzerland, that's me.”
― Jim Butcher, Death Masks

“Walter Issacson biographer of Steve Jobs:

I remember sitting in his backyard in his garden, one day, and he started talking about God. He [Jobs] said, “ Sometimes I believe in God, sometimes I don’t. I think it’s 50/50, maybe. But ever since I’ve had cancer, I’ve been thinking about it more, and I find myself believing a bit more, maybe it’s because I want to believe in an afterlife, that when you die, it doesn’t just all disappear. The wisdom you’ve accumulated, somehow it lives on.”

Then he paused for a second and said, “Yea, but sometimes, I think it’s just like an On-Off switch. Click. And you’re gone.” And then he paused again and said, “ And that’s why I don’t like putting On-Off switches on Apple devices.”

Joy to the WORLD! There IS an after-life!”
― Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs

“God does not require that we be successful only that we be faithful.”
― Mother Teresa

“All human actions are motivated at their deepest level by two emotions--fear or love. In truth there are only two emotions--only two words in the language of the soul.... Fear wraps our bodies in clothing, love allows us to stand naked. Fear clings to and clutches all that we have, love gives all that we have away. Fear holds close, love holds dear. Fear grasps, love lets go. Fear rankles, love soothes. Fear attacks, love amends.”
― Neale Donald Walsch, Conversations with God: An Uncommon Dialogue, Book 1

“People make the rules of society, not God.”
― V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic

“We were given the Scriptures to humble us into realizing that God is right, and the rest of us are just guessing.”
― Rich Mullins

“But he was pierced for our transgressions,
he was crushed for our iniquities;
the punishment that brought us peace was upon him,
and by his wounds we are healed.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“I have a sense that God is unfair and preferentially punishes his weak, his dumb, his fat, his lazy. I believe he takes more pleasure in his perfect creatures, and cheers them on like a brainless dad as they run roughshod over the rest of us. He gives us a need for love, and no way to get any. He gives us a desire to be liked, and personal attributes that make us utterly unlikable. Having placed his flawed and needy children in a world of exacting specifications, he deducts the difference between what we have and what we need from our hearts and our self-esteem and our mental health.”
― George Saunders, CivilWarLand in Bad Decline

“Our vision is so limited we can hardly imagine a love that does not show itself in protection from suffering.... The love of God did not protect His own Son.... He will not necessarily protect us - not from anything it takes to make us like His Son. A lot of hammering and chiseling and purifying by fire will have to go into the process.”
― Elisabeth Elliot

“The beauty of collaboration between older and younger generations is that we combine strength with wisdom—a surefire way to accomplish more for the glory of God.”
― Brett Harris

“God takes away the minds of poets, and uses them as his ministers, as he also uses diviners and holy prophets, in order that we who hear them may know them to be speaking not of themselves who utter these priceless words in a state of unconsciousness, but that God himself is the speaker, and that through them he is conversing with us. ”
― Socrates

“I have never understood why people who can swallow the enormous improbability of a personal God boggle at a personal Devil.”
― Graham Greene

“Keep a clear eye toward life's end. Do not forget your purpose and destiny as God's creature. What you are in his sight is what you are and nothing more. Remember that when you leave this earth, you can take nothing that you have received...but only what you have given; a full heart enriched by honest service, love, sacrifice, and courage.”
― Francis of Assisi

“Submit to God and be at peace with him; in this way prosperity will come to you.”
― Anonymous, The Pocket Companion Bible: NKJV

“I look out the window again, taking slow, deep breaths into a body too tense to move. And as I stare out at the land, I think that this, if nothing else, is compelling evidence for my parents’ God, that our world is so massive that it is completely out of our control, that we cannot possibly be as large as we feel. -Tris Prior”
― Veronica Roth, Allegiant

“When the Lord makes it clear you're to follow Him in this new direction, focus fully on Him and refuse to be distracted by comparisons with others.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“For he who loves God without faith reflects on himself, while the person who loves God in faith reflects on God.”
― Søren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling

“Are your convictions so fragile that mine cannot stand in opposition to them? Is your God so illusory that the presence of my Devil reveals his insufficiency?”
― Doug Wright, Quills

“O God — please give him back! I shall keep asking You.”
― John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany

“If you want to be reminded of the love of the Lord, just watch the sunrise.”
― Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses

“To be commanded to love God at all, let alone in the wilderness, is like being commanded to be well when we are sick, to sing for joy when we are dying of thirst, to run when our legs are broken. But this is the first and great commandment nonetheless. Even in the wilderness - especially in the wilderness - you shall love him.”
― Frederick Buechner, A Room Called Remember: Uncollected Pieces

“Even God has a hell: his love of Mankind.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym

“We sinned for no reason but an incomprehensible lack of love, and He saved us for no reason but an incomprehensible excess of love.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“I know how much you grieve over those who are under your care: those you try to help and fail, those you cannot help. Have faith in God and remember that He will is His own way and in His own time complete what we so poorly attempt. Often we do not achieve for others the good that we intend but achieve something, something that goes on from our effort. Good is an overflow. Where we generously and sincerely intend it, we are engaged in a work of creation which may be mysterious even to ourselves - and because it is mysterious we may be afraid of it. But this should not make us draw back. God can always show us, if we will, a higher and a better way; and we can only learn to love by loving. Remember that all our failures are ultimately failures in love. Imperfect love must not be condemned and rejected but made perfect. The way is always forward, never back.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Bell

“In the year 2006, a person can have sufficient intellectual and material resources to build a nuclear bomb and still believe that he will get seventy-two virgins in Paradise.”
― Sam HArris

“Are we biology or God or something higher? I know my heart beats and I listen to it. The beat is biology, but what is the song? ”
― James Frey

“Did I hear God call me an idiot? ”
― William P. Young, The Shack

“I found my God in music and the arts, with writers like Hermann Hesse, and musicians like Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, and Little Walter. In some way, in some form, my God was always there, but now I have learned to talk to him.”
― Eric Clapton

“God's creatures who cried themselves to sleep stirred to cry again.”
― Thomas Harris, The Silence of the Lambs

“The sea had jeeringly kept his finite body up, but drowned the infinite of his soul. Not drowned entirely, though. Rather carried down alive to wondrous depths, where strange shapes of the unwarped primal world glided to and fro before his passive eyes; and the miser-merman, Wisdom, revealed his hoarded heaps; and among the joyous, heartless, ever-juvenile eternities, Pip saw the multitudinous, God-omnipresent, coral insects, that out of the firmament of waters heaved the colossal orbs. He saw God’s foot upon the treadle of the loom, and spoke it; and therefore his shipmates called him mad. So man’s insanity is heaven’s sense; and wandering from all mortal reason, man comes at last to that celestial thought, which, to reason, is absurd and frantic; and weal or woe, feels then uncompromised, indifferent as his God.”
― Herman Melville, Moby-Dick; or, the Whale

“God is not an employer looking for employees. He is an Eagle looking for people who will take refuge under his wings. He is looking for people who will leave father and mother and homeland or anything else that may hold them back from a life of love under the wings of Jesus.”
― John Piper, A Sweet and Bitter Providence: Sex, Race, and the Sovereignty of God

“The scriptures present a God who delights in genocide, rape, slavery, and the execution of nonconformists, and for millennia those writings were used to rationalize the massacre of infidels, the ownership of women, the beating of children, dominion over animals, and the persecution of heretics and homosexuals. Humanitarian reforms such as the elimination of cruel punishment, the dissemination of empathy-inducing novels, and the abolition of slavery were met with fierce opposition in their time by ecclesiastical authorities and their apologists. The elevation of parochial values to the realm of the sacred is a license to dismiss other people’s interests, and an imperative to reject the possibility of compromise.”
― Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined

“And then I stand in front of God's Throne squinting up at His blazing glory and He says, 'You had your opportunities, boy. But did you listen? No. You went on heedlesly reading that garbagey magazine with pictures of naked girls in it. How juvenile! I gave geese more sense than that.'

Please, God. I'm only fourteen years old. A teenager. Have mercy. Be loving.

I was,' says God. 'For eons. And look at what it got me. You.'

God turns in disgust, just the way Daddy does. 'Sorry, but I'm the Creator. I take it personally. There are slugs and bugs and night-crawlers I feel better about having created - I mean, there are sparrows - I've got my eye on one right now. Is that sparrow consumed with lust? No. He mates in the spring and that's the end of it. Consider the lilies. Do they think about lily tits all the time? No. They look not and they lust not, and yet I say unto you that you will never be half as attractive as they. Therefore, I say unto you, think not about peckers and boobs and all that nonsense and your Heavenly Father will see that you meet a good woman and marry her, just as I do for the sparrow and walleye - yea verily, even the night-crawler and the eelpout. But I've told you this over and over for nineteen centuries. And now, verily, it's too late. Time's up, buster. Lights out! Game's over!”
― Garrison Keillor

“God does not give us more than we can handle," I am told but I wonder if God doesn't overestimate me just a little. Or perhaps, and this is likely, I underestimate God.”
― Julia Cameron, Finding Water: The Art of Perseverance

“Listen, God love everything you love - and a mess of stuff you don't. But more than anything else, God love admiration.

You saying God vain? I ast.

Naw, she say. Not vain, just wanting to share a good thing. I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.

What it do when it pissed off? I ast.

Oh, it make something else. People think pleasing God is all God care about. But any fool living in the world can see it always trying to please us back.”
― Alice Walker, The Color Purple

“When I stand before thee at the day's end, thou shalt see my scars and know that I had my wounds and also my healing.”
― Rabindranath Tagore

“God, who am I?”
― Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath

“Those with less curiosity or ambition just mumble that God works in mysterious ways. I intend to catch him in the act.”
― Damien Echols, Life After Death

“Do you give the horse his strength or clothe his neck with a flowing mane? Do you make him leap like a locust, striking terror with his proud snorting? He paws fiercely, rejoicing in his strength, and charges into the fray. He laughs at fear, afraid of nothing; he does not shy away from the sword. The quiver rattles against his side, along with the flashing spear and lance. In frenzied excitement he eats up the ground; he cannot stand still when the trumpet sounds.”
― Anonymous

“وكلمة ( الحمد لله ) هذه هي الصيغة التي علمنا الله أن نحمده بها ، وإلا فلو ترك لنا حرية التعبير عن الحمد ولم يحدد لنا صيغة نحمده ونشكره بها لاختلف الخلق في الحمد حسب قدراتهم و تمكنهم من الأداء ، وحسب الله قدرتهم على استيعاب النعم ، ولوجدنا البليغ صاحب القدرة الأدائية أفصح من العيي والأمي . فتحمل عنا جميعًا هذه الصيغة ، وجعلها متساوية للجميع ، الكل يقول ( الحمد لله ) البليغ يقولها ، و العيي يقولها ، و الأمي يقولها.”
― محمد متولي الشعراوي, كيف تقرأ القرآن الكريم وتحفظه

“I have come to see clearly that life is more than self. It is more than doing what I want, striving for what will benefit me, dreaming of all I can be. Life is all about my relationship with God. There is no higher calling, no loftier dream, and no greater goal than to live, breathe, and be poured out for Jesus Christ."
--Jamie in Brother Andrew's "The Calling”
― Brother Andrew, The Narrow Road: Stories of Those Who Walk This Road Together

“Do what you do only for God's sake, start for God's sake, work for God's sake, and act within the sphere of God's good approval.”
― Said Nursi

“Let your life reflect the faith you have in God. Fear nothing and pray about everything. Be strong, trust God's word, and trust the process.”
― Germany Kent

“Live in the wisdom of accepted tenderness. Tenderness awakens within the security of knowing we are thoroughly and sincerely liked by someone...
Scripture suggests that the essence of the divine nature is compassion and that the heart of God is defined by tenderness.”
― Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging

“How strange, Royce thought, that, after emerging victorious from more than a hundred real battles, the greatest moment of triumph he had ever known had come to him on a mock battlefield where he'd stood alone, unhorsed, and defeated. This morning, his life had seemed as bleak as death. Tonight, he held joy in his arms. Someone or something—fate or fortune or Jenny's God—had looked down upon him this morning and seen his anguish. And, for some reason, Jenny had been given back to him.
Closing his eyes, Royce brushed a kiss against her smooth forehead. Thank you, he thought.
And in his heart, he could have sworn he heard a voice answer, You're welcome.”
― Judith McNaught, A Kingdom of Dreams

“We must be ready to learn from one another, not claiming that we alone possess all truth and that somehow we have a corner on God.”
― Desmond Tutu

“God whispered, "You endured a lot. For that I am truly sorry, but grateful. I needed you to struggle to help so many. Through that process you would grow into who you have now become. Didn't you know that I gave all my struggles to my favorite children? One only needs to look at the struggles given to your older brother Jesus to know how important you have been to me.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“I am Sunai,” he said. “I am holy fire. And if I have to burn the world to cleanse it, so help me, I will.”
― Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song

“You are the perfect creation of God. Don't allow you to be down. God is experiencing through you.”
― Amit Ray

“I have no duty to be anyone's Friend and no man in the world has a duty to be mine. No claims, no shadow of necessity. Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art, like the universe itself (for God did not need to create). It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves

“"Do you know that nothing you do in this life will ever matter, unless it is about loving God and loving the people he has made?”
― Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God

“My feeling is, quite simply, that if there is a God, He has done such a bad job
that he isn't worth discussing.”
― Isaac Asimov

“But for me the sweetest contact with God has no form. I close my eyes, look within, and enter a deep soft silence. The infinity of God's creation embraces me.”
― Michael Jackson, Dancing the Dream

“The greatest enemy of hunger for God is not poison but apple pie.
It is not the banquet of the wicked that dulls our appetite for
heaven, but endless nibbling at the table of the world. It is not
the X-rated video, but the prime-time dribble of triviality we
drink in every night.”
― John Piper, A Hunger for God

“We might be wise to follow the insight of the enraptured heart rather than the more cautious reasoning of the theological mind.”
― A. W. Tozer, The Knowledge of the Holy

“God isn't the son of Memory; He's the son of Immediate Experience. You can't worship a spirit in spirit, unless you do it now. Wallowing in the past may be good literature. As wisdom, it's hopeless. Time Regained is Paradise Lost, and Time Lost is Paradise Regained. Let the dead bury their dead. If you want to live at every moment as it presents itself, you've got to die to every other moment.”
― Aldous Huxley, The Genius And The Goddess

“Therefore, since we are receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, let us be thankful, and so worship God acceptably with reverence and awe, for our God is a consuming fire.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“The more you go with the flow of life and surrender the outcome to God, and the less you seek constant clarity, the more you will find that fabulous things start to show up in your life.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“Don’t be disheartened by the forces of evil. Nothing can happen that God hasn’t allowed. Even resistance is all part of grand orchestration. The devil always has you right were God wants you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“God's grace is not defined as God being forgiving to us even though we sin. Grace is when God is a source of wholeness, which makes up for my failings. My failings hurt me and others and even the planet, and God's grace to me is that my brokenness is not the final word ... it's that God makes beautiful things out of even my own shit. Grace isn't about God creating humans and flawed beings and then acting all hurt when we inevitably fail and then stepping in like the hero to grant us grace - like saying, "Oh, it's OK, I'll be the good guy and forgive you." It's God saying, "I love the world too much to let your sin define you and be the final word. I am a God who makes all things new.”
― Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint

“One of the most amazing and perplexing features of mainstream Christianity is that seminarians who learn the historical-critical method in their Bible classes appear to forget all about it when it comes time for them to be pastors. They are taught critical approaches to Scripture, they learn about the discrepancies and contradictions, they discover all sorts of historical errors and mistakes, they come to realize that it is difficult to know whether Moses existed or what Jesus actually said and did, they find that there are other books that were at one time considered canonical but that ultimately did not become part of Scripture (for example, other Gospels and Apocalypses), they come to recognize that a good number of the books of the Bible are pseudonymous (for example, written in the name of an apostle by someone else), that in fact we don't have the original copies of any of the biblical books but only copies made centuries later, all of which have been altered. They learn all of this, and yet when they enter church ministry they appear to put it back on the shelf. For reasons I will explore in the conclusion, pastors are, as a rule, reluctant to teach what they learned about the Bible in seminary.”
― Bart D. Ehrman, Jesus, Interrupted: Revealing the Hidden Contradictions in the Bible & Why We Don't Know About Them

“Man is not defiled by his impurities. It is the other man pointing out his impurities to him, whom he is defiled by. Is there anything anyone can do, to become righteous, anyway? God made us impure. If he had a problem with that, He would have made us gods, instead.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Nor does God whisper through the trees. His voice is not to be mistaken. When men hear it they fall to their knees and their souls are riven and they cry out to Him and there is no fear but only wildness of heart that springs from such longing...”
― Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing

“There is something infantile in the presumption that somebody else has a responsibility to give your life meaning and point… The truly adult view, by contrast, is that our life is as meaningful, as full and as wonderful as we choose to make it.”
― R. Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker

“They call him Aslan in That Place," said Eustace.
"What a curious name!"
"Not half so curious as himself," said Eustace solemnly.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Chronicles of Narnia

“My God, if I had a heart, I would write my hate on ice, and wait for the sun to show.”
― Gabriel Garcí­a Márquez

“He gave his Son, his one and only Son. And this is why: so that no one need be destroyed; by believing in him, anyone can have a whole and lasting life. God didn't go to all the trouble of sending his Son merely to point an accusing finger, telling the world how bad it was. He came to help, to put the world right again. Anyone who trusts in him is acquitted; anyone who refuses to trust him has long since been under the death sentence without knowing it. And why? Because of that person's failure to believe in the one-of-a-kind Son of God when introduced to him.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“When man is with God in awe and love, then he is praying.”
― Karl Rahner, The Need and the Blessing of Prayer

“Let mental culture go on advancing, let the natural sciences progress in even greater extent and depth, and the human mind widen itself as much as it desires: beyond the elevation and moral culture of Christianity, as it shines forth in the Gospels, it will not go.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“If God sends us on strong paths, we are provided strong shoes.”
― Corrie ten Boom

“I need a God who is bigger and more nimble and mysterious than what I could understand and contrive. Otherwise it can feel like I am worshipping nothing more than my own ability to understand the divine.”
― Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint

“Since that day there is nothing anyone could ever say to convince me that one person cannot change a nation. One person can do unbelievable things. All it takes is that one person who's willing to risk everything to make it happen.”
― Sam Childers, Another Man's War: The True Story of One Man's Battle to Save Children in the Sudan

“There must be must be a first mover existing above all – and this we call God.”
― Thomas Aquinas

“Nobody wants to worship you if you have the same problems, the same bad breath and messy hair and hangnails, as a regular person. You have to be everything regular people aren’t. Where they fail, you have to go all the way. Be what people are too afraid to be. Become whom they admire. People shopping for a messiah want quality. Nobody is going to follow a loser. When it comes to choosing a savior, they won't settle for just a human being.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor

“God is the most beautiful, and beauty is the expression of God. If you can't appreciate beauty in the world how can you understand God?”
― Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations

“The same everlasting Father who cares for you today will care for you tomorrow and every day.
Either he will shield you from suffering or give you unfailing strength to bear it.
Be at peace then and put aside all anxious thoughts and imaginings.”
― Francis de Sales

“At such times, the heart of man turns instictively towards his Maker. In prosperity, and whenever there is nothing to injure or make him afraid, he remembers Him not, and is ready to defy Him; but place him in the midst of dangers, cut him off from human aid, let the grave open before him, then it is, in the time of his tribulation, that the scoffer and unbelieving man turns to God for help, feeling there is no other hope, or refuge, or safety, save in his protecting arm.”
― Solomon Northup, Twelve Years a Slave

“It is far more comforting to think God listened and said no, than to think that nobody’s out there.”
― Mitch Albom

“Don’t tell me about your god with your words. Show me about your god with your actions.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“God will judge us, Mr. Harris, by--by what we did to relieve the suffering of our fellow human beings. I don't think God cares what doctrine we embrace.”
― Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone

“My son, ﻿do not forget my teaching,
But let your heart ﻿keep my commandments;
For ﻿length of days and years of life
And peace they will add to you.
Do not let ﻿﻿kindness and truth leave you;
Bind them around your neck,
Write them on the tablet of your heart.
So you will ﻿find favor and good repute
In the sight of God and man.
Trust in the Lord with all your heart
And ﻿do not lean on your own understanding.
In all your ways ﻿acknowledge Him,
And He will ﻿make your paths straight.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version

“Prayer will make a man cease from sin, or sin will entice a man to cease from prayer.”
― John Bunyan

“Here's the thing, say Shug. The thing I believe. God is inside you and inside everybody else. You come into the world with God. But only them that search for it inside find it. And sometimes it just manifest itself even if you not looking, or don't know what you looking for. Trouble do it for most folks, I think. Sorrow, lord. Feeling like shit.

It? I ast.

Yeah, It. God ain't a he or a she, but a It.

But what do it look like? I ast.

Don't look like nothing, she say. It ain't a picture show. It ain't something you can look at apart from anything else, including yourself. I believe God is everything, say Shug. Everything that is or ever was or ever will be. And when you can feel that, and be happy to feel that, you've found It.

Shug a beautiful something, let me tell you. She frown a little, look out cross the yard, lean back in her chair, look like a big rose. She say, My first step from the old white man was trees. Then air. Then birds. Then other people. But one day when I was sitting quiet and feeling like a motherless child, which I was, it come to me: that feeling of being part of everything, not separate
at all. I knew that if I cut a tree, my arm would bleed. And I laughed and I cried and I run all around the house. I knew just what it was. In fact, when it happen, you can't miss it. It sort of like you know what, she say, grinning and rubbing high up on my thigh.

Shug! I say.

Oh, she say. God love all them feelings. That's some of the best stuff God did. And when you know God loves 'em you enjoys 'em a lot more. You can just relax, go with everything that's going, and praise God by liking what you like.

God don't think it dirty? I ast.

Naw, she say. God made it. Listen, God love everything you love? and a mess of stuff you don't. But more than anything else, God love admiration.

You saying God vain? I ast.

Naw, she say. Not vain, just wanting to share a good thing. I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.

What it do when it pissed off? I ast.

Oh, it make something else. People think pleasing God is all God care about. But any fool living in the world can see it always trying to please us back.

Yeah? I say.

Yeah, she say. It always making little surprises and springing them on us when us least expect.

You mean it want to be loved, just like the bible say.

Yes, Celie, she say. Everything want to be loved. Us sing and dance, make faces and give flower bouquets, trying to be loved. You ever notice that trees do everything to git attention we do, except walk?

Well, us talk and talk bout God, but I'm still adrift. Trying to chase that old white man out of my head. I been so busy thinking bout him I never truly notice nothing God make. Not a blade of corn (how it do that?) not the color purple (where it come from?). Not the little wildflowers. Nothing. Now that my eyes opening, I feels like a fool. Next to any little scrub of a bush in my yard, Mr. ____s evil sort of shrink. But not altogether. Still, it is like Shug say, You have to git man off your eyeball, before you can see anything a'tall.

Man corrupt everything, say Shug. He on your box of grits, in your head, and all over the radio. He try to make you think he everywhere.

Soon as you think he everywhere, you think he God. But he ain't. Whenever you trying to pray, and man plop himself on the other end of it, tell him to git lost, say Shug. Conjure up flowers, wind,water, a big rock.

But this hard work, let me tell you. He been there so long, he don't want to budge. He threaten lightening, floods and earthquakes. Us fight. I hardly pray at all. Every time I conjure up a rock, I throw it.

Amen”
― Alice Walker, The Color Purple

“Every man is a divinity in disguise, a god playing the fool.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“The gifts of the Master are these: freedom, life, hope, new direction, transformation, and intimacy with God. If the cross was the end of the story, we would have no hope. But the cross isn't the end. Jesus didn't escape from death; he conquered it and opened the way to heaven for all who will dare to believe. The truth of this moment, if we let it sweep over us, is stunning. It means Jesus really is who he claimed to be, we are really as lost as he said we are, and he really is the only way for us to intimately and spiritually connect with God again.”
― Steven James, Story

“Look, if you say that science will eventually prove there is no God, on that I must differ. No matter how small they take it back, to a tadpole, to an atom, there is always something they can’t explain, something that created it all at the end of the search.

“And no matter how far they try to go the other way – to extend life, play around with the genes, clone this, clone that, live to one hundred and fifty – at some point, life is over. And then what happens? When the life comes to an end?”

I shrugged.

“You see?”

He leaned back. He smiled.

“When you come to the end, that’s where God begins.”
― Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story

“God’s word is not just to be heard and repeated, it is to be breathed, lived, and emulated with each action.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Once you have surrendered yourself, you make yourself receptive. In receiving from God, you are perfected and completed.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary

“My faith is big enough to accept all of God's wonders.”
― Kirsten Miller, The Eternal Ones

“God created man and, finding him not sufficiently alone, gave him a companion to make him feel his solitude more keenly”
― Paul Valéry

“Communicating with God is the most extraordinary experience imaginable, yet at the same time it's the most natural one of all, because God is present in us at all times. Omniscient, omnipotent, personal-and loving us without conditions. We are connected as One through our divine link with God.”
― Eben Alexander, Proof of Heaven: A Neurosurgeon's Journey into the Afterlife

“God, who foresaw your tribulation, has specially armed you to go through it, not without pain but without stain.”
― C. S. Lewis

“What we are is God's gift to us. What we become is our gift to God.”
― Eleanor Powell

“(You do not have to be shamed in my closeness. Family are the people who must never make you feel ashamed.)

(You are wrong. Family are the people who must make you feel ashamed when you are deserving of shame.)

(And you are deserving of shame?)

(I am. I am trying to tell you.) 'We were stupid,' he said, 'because we believed in things.'

'Why is this stupid?'

'Because there are not things to believe in.'

(Love?)

(There is no love. Only the end of love.)

(Goodness?)

(Do not be a fool.)

(God?)

(If God exists, He is not to be believed in.)”
― Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated

“Don't be more serious than God. God invented dog farts. God designed your body's plumbing system. God designed an ostrich. If He didn't do it, He permitted a drunken angel to do it. Empirical facts can add significantly to the meaning of "being godlike".”
― Peter Kreeft, Before I Go: Letters to Our Children about What Really Matters

“If I stopped loving Him, I would cease to believe in His love. If I loved God, then I would believe in His love for me. It's not enough to need it. We have to love first, and I don't know how. But I need it, how I need it. ”
― Graham Greene

“Family, friends and relationships are the blessings of the God. They are the best way to access God.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Our vision is so limited we can hardly imagine a love that does not show itself in protection from suffering. The love of God is of a different nature altogether. It does not hate tragedy. It never denies reality. It stands in the very teeth of suffering.”
― Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control

“One thing I've learnt through writing is this: with everything in life, you have to look down deep into your heart! That fact is true with all things! If you have Jesus inside, He will give you all you need to say, and all the actions you need to do! It's not mere imagination the things I write; they are composed from the words lit up inside of me, from my Creator, who made all things bright!”
― Mary Kate

“Will we turn our backs on science because it is perceived as a threat to God, abandoning all the promise of advancing our understanding of nature and applying that to the alleviation of suffering and the betterment of humankind? Alternatively, will we turn our backs on faith, concluding that science has rendered the spiritual life no longer necessary, and that traditional religious symbols can now be replaced by engravings of the double helix on our alters?

Both of these choices are profoundly dangerous. Both deny truth. Both will diminish the nobility of humankind. Both will be devastating to our future. And both are unnecessary. The God of the Bible is also the God of the genome. He can be worshipped in the cathedral or in the laboratory. His creation is majestic, awesome, intricate and beautiful - and it cannot be at war with itself. Only we imperfect humans can start such battles. And only we can end them.”
― Francis S. Collins, The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief

“The great commandment is that we preach the gospel to every creature, but neither God nor the Bible says anything about forcing it down people's throats.”
― Louis Zamperini, Devil at My Heels

“A Brief for the Defense

Sorrow everywhere. Slaughter everywhere. If babies
are not starving someplace, they are starving
somewhere else. With flies in their nostrils.
But we enjoy our lives because that's what God wants.
Otherwise the mornings before summer dawn would not
be made so fine. The Bengal tiger would not
be fashioned so miraculously well. The poor women
at the fountain are laughing together between
the suffering they have known and the awfulness
in their future, smiling and laughing while somebody
in the village is very sick. There is laughter
every day in the terrible streets of Calcutta,
and the women laugh in the cages of Bombay.
If we deny our happiness, resist our satisfaction,
we lessen the importance of their deprivation.
We must risk delight. We can do without pleasure,
but not delight. Not enjoyment. We must have
the stubbornness to accept our gladness in the ruthless
furnace of this world. To make injustice the only
measure of our attention is to praise the Devil.
If the locomotive of the Lord runs us down,
we should give thanks that the end had magnitude.
We must admit there will be music despite everything.
We stand at the prow again of a small ship
anchored late at night in the tiny port
looking over to the sleeping island: the waterfront
is three shuttered cafés and one naked light burning.
To hear the faint sound of oars in the silence as a rowboat
comes slowly out and then goes back is truly worth
all the years of sorrow that are to come.”
― Jack Gilbert, Refusing Heaven

“When the faithful are asked whether God really exists, they often begin by talking about the enigmatic mysteries of the universe and the limits of human understanding. ‘Science cannot explain the Big Bang,’ they exclaim, ‘so that must be God’s doing.’ Yet like a magician fooling an audience by imperceptibly replacing one card with another, the faithful quickly replace the cosmic mystery with the worldly lawgiver. After giving the name of ‘God’ to the unknown secrets of the cosmos, they then use this to somehow condemn bikinis and divorces. ‘We do not understand the Big Bang – therefore you must cover your hair in public and vote against gay marriage.’ Not only is there no logical connection between the two, but they are in fact contradictory. The deeper the mysteries of the universe, the less likely it is that whatever is responsible for them gives a damn about female dress codes or human sexual behaviour.”
― Yuval Noah Harari, 21 Lessons for the 21st Century

“I'll pray that you grow up a brave man in a brave country. I will pray you find a way to be useful.


I'll pray, and then I'll sleep.”
― Marilynne Robinson, Gilead

“God wanted to make heaven and the earth is that heaven. Nowhere in the universe there is so much love, life, beauty and peace. Enjoy your stay with the fellow beings.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“You must worship the Self in Krishna, not Krishna as Krishna.”
― Swami Vivekananda

“A baby is God's opinion that life should go on. A book that does nothing to you is dead. A baby, whether it does anything to you, represents life. If a bad fire should break out in this house and I had my choice of saving the library or the babies, I would save what is alive. Never will a time come when the most marvelous recent invention is as marvelous as a newborn baby. The finest of our precision watches, the most super-colossal of our supercargo plants, don't compare with a newborn baby in the number and ingenuity of coils and springs, in the flow and change of chemical solutions, in timing devices and interrelated parts that are irreplaceable. A baby is very modern. Yet it is also the oldest of the ancients. A baby doesn't know he is a hoary and venerable antique — but he is. Before man learned how to make an alphabet, how to make a wheel, how to make a fire, he knew how to make a baby — with the great help of woman, and his God and Maker.”
― Carl Sandburg

“Nancy waded out to her own rocks and searched her own pools and let that couple look after themselves. She crouched low down and touched the smooth rubber-like sea anemones, who were stuck like lumps of jelly to the side of the rock. Brooding, she changed the pool into the sea, and made the minnows into sharks and whales, and cast vast clouds over this tiny world by holding her hand against the sun, and so brought darkness and desolation, like God himself, to millions of ignorant and innocent creatures, and then took her hand away suddenly and let the sun stream down. Out on the pale criss-crossed sand, high-stepping, fringed, gauntleted, stalked some fantastic leviathan (she was still enlarging the pool), and slipped into the vast fissures of the mountain side. And then, letting her eyes slide imperceptibly above the pool and rest on that wavering line of sea and sky, on the tree trunks which the smoke of steamers made waver on the horizon, she became with all that power sweeping savagely in and inevitably withdrawing, hypnotised, and the two senses of that vastness and this tininess (the pool had diminished again) flowering within it made her feel that she was bound hand and foot and unable to move by the intensity of feelings which reduced her own body, her own life, and the lives of all the people in the world, for ever, to nothingness. So listening to the waves, crouching over the pool, she brooded.”
― Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse

“Be a light unto the world, and hurt it not. Seek to build not destroy. Bring My people home.

How?

By your shining example. Seek only Godliness. Speak only in truthfulness. Act only in love.
Live the Law of Love now and forever more. Give everything require nothing.
Avoid the mundane.
Do not accept the unacceptable.
Teach all who seek to learn of Me.
Make every moment of your life an outpouring of love.
Use every moment to think the highest thought, say the highest word, do the highest deed. In this, glorify your Holy Self, and thus too, glorify Me.
Bring peace to the Earth by bringing peace to all those whose lives you touch. Be peace. Feel and express in every moment your Divine Connection with the All, and with every person, place, and thing.
Embrace every circumstance, own every fault, share every joy, contemplate every mystery, walk in every man’s shoes, forgive every offense (including your own), heal every heart, honor every person’s truth, adore every person’s God, protect every person’s rights, preserve every person’s dignity, promote every person’s interests, provide every person’s needs, presume every person’s holiness, present every person’s greatest gifts, produce every person’s blessing, pronounce every person’s future secure in the assured love of God.
Be a living, breathing example of the Highest Truth that resides within you. Speak humbly of yourself, lest someone mistake your Highest Truth for boast. Speak softly, lest someone think you are merely calling for attention. Speak gently, that all might know of Love. Speak openly, lest someone think you have something to hide. Speak candidly, so you cannot be mistaken. Speak often, so that your word may truly go forth. Speak respectfully, that no one be dishonored. Speak lovingly, that every syllable may heal. Speak of Me with every utterance. Make of your life a gift. Remember always, you are the gift!
Be a gift to everyone who enters your life, and to everyone whose life you enter. Be careful not to enter another’s life if you cannot be a gift. (You can always be a gift, because you always are the gift—yet sometimes you don’t let yourself know that.) When someone enters your life unexpectedly, look for the gift that person has come to receive from you…I HAVE SENT YOU NOTHING BUT ANGELS.”
― Neale Donald Walsch, Conversations With God: An Uncommon Dialogue, Book 2

“Mark my word, if and when these preachers get control of the [Republican] party, and they're sure trying to do so, it's going to be a terrible damn problem. Frankly, these people frighten me. Politics and governing demand compromise. But these Christians believe they are acting in the name of God, so they can't and won't compromise. I know, I've tried to deal with them.”
― Barry Goldwater

“Love does not cost anything. Kind words and deeds do not cost anything. The real beauty of the world is equal for everyone to see. It was given by God equally to all, without restrictions.

Everyone, was given a beautiful vehicle in which to express love to others. Feelings are free to express and give to ourselves and each other through our willingness to give and care.

What is complicated about this... Why have we made others feel they have to climb mountains and swim oceans in order to make a difference.

All we need to understand my friends, is that human life was given equally to us all, not partially but in totality.

The sun was given to all. It does not shine on the few. So, just has nature is indifferent to our station or situation, we need to know that we are all equal. We need to focus on the things that are constant and not place our values on things that can be blown away with the next, great, wind.

Value life in what ever house it dwells. For when it comes time that we are all stripped to bare bones before the divine and facing eternity, we will understand that the only law we were meant to follow, was to love ourselves and each other. Nothing more...nothing less.”
― Carla Jo Masterson

“There is no justice in love, no proportion in it, and there need not be, because in any specific instance it is only a glimpse or parable of an embracing, incomprehensible reality. It makes no sense at all because it is the eternal breaking in on the temporal. So how could it subordinate itself to cause or consequence?”
― Marilynne Robinson, Gilead

“We are not on this planet to ask forgiveness of our deities”
― Scott Cunningham, Living Wicca: A Further Guide for the Solitary Practitioner

“We regard God as an airman regards his parachute; it's there for emergencies but he hopes he'll never have to use it.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain

“All that is not God is death.”
― George MacDonald, Unspoken Sermons: Series I, II, III

“Failure is just part of the process, and it's not just okay; it's better than okay. God doesn't want failure to shut us down. God didn't make it a three-strikes-and-you're-out sort of thing. It's more about how God helps us dust ourselves off so we can swing for the fences again. And all of this without keeping a meticulous record of our screw-ups.”
― Bob Goff, Love Does: Discover a Secretly Incredible Life in an Ordinary World

“Think of the patience God has had for you and let it resonate to others. If you want a more patient world, let patience be your motto”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“To have faith is to be sure of the things we hope for, to be certain of the things we cannot see.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“This is the secret of life: the self lives only by dying, finds its identity (and its happiness) only by self-forgetfulness, self-giving, self-sacrifice, and agape love.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“There is only one good definition of God: the freedom that allows other freedoms to exist.”
― John Fowles, The French Lieutenant's Woman

“Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
God said, Let Newton be! and all was light.”
― Alexander Pope

“Do Something!

I was sitting on a plane after a long, tiring business trip. I was a bit grouchy and irritable because the rigorous schedule I had made for myself left me exhausted. Looking to not talk to the person next to me and simply endure the flight, I decided to open my newspaper and read about what was happening in the world. As I continued to read, it seemed that everywhere I looked there were stories of injustice, pain, suffering, and people losing hope. Finally, fueled by my tired, irritable state, I became overcome with compassion and frustration for the way things were. I got up and went to the bathroom and broke down.
With tears streaming down my face, I helplessly looked to the sky and yelled to God.
“God, look at this mess. Look at all this pain and suffering. Look at all this killing and hate. God, how could you let this happen? Why don’t you do something?”
Just then, a quiet stillness pacified my heart. A feeling of peace I won’t ever forget engulfed my body.
And, as I looked into my own eyes in the mirror, the answer to my own question came back to me…
“Steve, stop asking God to do something. God already did something, he gave you life. Now YOU do something!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“God…” I choked on the word. “I know we haven’t talked much in the past few years. Hell, I told you I hated you when Tye took his own life.” I cursed again and pinched the bridge of my nose. “I don’t even care about myself anymore, just promise me she’ll be okay. If I don’t make it… if you take me, just let Kiersten be okay. She can’t go down that road — I don’t care if you have to punish me, God. If she’s going to suffer, give me her pain instead. If her heart’s going to break, break mine for hers. Please, God… please.”
― Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin

“Man is a spiritual being, a soul, and at some period of his life everyone is possessed with an irresistible desire to know his relationship to the Infinite. . . . There is something within him which urges him to rise above himself, to control his environment, to master the body and all things physical and live in a higher and more beautiful world.”
― David O. McKay

“It is He Who sent down to thee, in truth, the Book (Quran), confirming what went before it; and He sent down the Law (of Moses) and the Gospel (of Jesus) before this, as a guide to mankind, and He sent down the criterion (Quran) (of judgment between right and wrong). - Holy Quran 3:3”
― Anonymous, Qurʾan / القرآن الكريم

“God abandons only those who abandon themselves, and whoever has the courage to shut up his sorrow within his own heart is stronger to fight against it than he who complains.”
― George Sand, La Petite Fadette

“…God is a giant quiltmaker. With an infinite variety of designs. And the quilt is grown so big and confusing, the pattern is impossible to see, the squares and diamonds and triangles don’t fit well together anymore, it’s all become meaningless. So He has abandoned it.”
― Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance

“For years we've been telling God to get out of our schools, to get out of our government and to get out of our lives. And being the gentleman He is, I believe He has calmly backed out. How can we expect God to give us His blessing and His protection if we demand He leave us alone?”
― Anne Graham

“[On what young husbands should say to their wives:] I have taken you in my arms, and I love you, and I prefer you to my life itself. For the present life is nothing, and my most ardent dream is to spend it with you in such a way that we may be assured of not being separated in the life reserved for us... I place your love above all things, and nothing would be more bitter or painful to me than to be of a different mind than you.”
― John Chrysostom

“How do you know when you're God?" "When I pray to him I find I am talking to myself.”
― Peter Barnes, The Ruling Class: A Baroque Comedy

“Ecclesiastes names thee Almighty, the Maccabees name thee Creator, the Epistle to the Ephesians names thee Liberty, Baruch names thee Immensity, the Psalms name thee Wisdom and Truth, John names thee Light, the Book of Kings names thee Lord, Exodus names thee Providence, Leviticus Sanctity, Esdras Justice, creation names thee God, man names thee Father; but Solomon names thee Compassion, which is the most beautiful of all thy names.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“Without God man neither knows which way to go, nor even understands who he is... One of the deepest forms of poverty a person can experience is isolation... Poverty is often produced by a rejection of God's love, by man's basic and tragic tendency to close in on himself, thinking himself to be self-sufficient or merely an insignificant and ephemeral fact, a "stranger" in a random universe...The human being develops when ... his soul comes to know itself and the truths that God has implanted deep within, when he enters into dialogue with himself and his Creator... It is not by isolation that man establishes his worth, but by placing himself in relation with others and with God.”
― Pope Benedict XVI

“God existed before every religion; He exists in spite of all religions.”
― Danail Hristov, The End of the Jesus Era

“In great contests each party claims to act in accordance with the will of God. Both may be, and one must be wrong. God cannot be for, and against the same thing at the same time.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Your call will become clear as as your mind is transformed by the reading of Scripture and the internal work of God's Spirit. The Lord never hides His will from us. In time, as you obey the call first to follow, your destiny will unfold before you. The difficulty will lie in keeping other concerns from diverting your attention.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“God doesn't work on our timetable. He has a plan that He will execute perfectly and for the highest, greatest good of all, and for His ultimate glory.”
― Charles R. Swindoll

“There is only one all pervading God. It has only one message - Love all, encompass all and transcend the limits of the selfish gene.”
― Amit Ray

“The Christian religion is a very powerful and convincing mistake.”
― Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass

“The greatest act of faith some days is to simply get up and face another day.”
― Amy Gatliff

“Restlessness and impatience change nothing except our peace and joy. Peace does not dwell in outward things, but in the heart prepared to wait trustfully and quietly on Him who has all things safely in His hands.”
― Elisabeth Elliott

“Eskimo: "If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?" Priest: "No, not if you did not know." Eskimo: "Then why did you tell me?”
― Annie Dillard

“The poor man shuddered, overflowed with an angelic joy; he declared in his transport that this would last through life; he said to himself that he really had not suffered enough to deserve such radiant happiness, and he thanked God, in the depths of his soul, for having permitted that he, a miserable man, should be so loved by this innocent being.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“I always wondered why God was supposed to be a father," she whispers. Fathers always want you to measure up to something. Mothers are the ones who love you unconditionally, don't you think?”
― Jodi Picoult

“We owe a huge debt to Galileo for emancipating us all from the stupid belief in an Earth-centered or man-centered (let alone God-centered) system. He quite literally taught us our place and allowed us to go on to make extraordinary advances in knowledge.”
― Christopher Hitchens

“Love the animals: God has given them the rudiments of thought and joy untroubled.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky

“Low self-esteem causes me to believe that I have so little worth that my response does not matter. With repentance, however, I understand that being worth so much to God is why my response is so important. Repentance is remedial work to mend our minds and hearts, which get bent by sin.”
― John Ortberg, The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You

“And isn't the whole world yours? For how often you set it on fire with your love and saw it blaze and burn up and secretly replaced it with another world while everyone slept. You felt in such complete harmony with God, when every morning you asked him for a new earth, so that all the ones he had made could have their turn. You thought it would be shabby to save them and repair them; you used them up and held out your hands, again and again, for more world. For your love was equal to everything.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge

“God has, in fact, written two books, not just one. Of course, we are all familiar with the first book he wrote, namely Scripture. But he has written a second book called creation.”
― Sir Francis Bacon

“The way of Jesus cannot be imposed or mapped — it requires an active participation in following Jesus as he leads us through sometimes strange and unfamiliar territory, in circumstances that become clear only in the hesitations and questionings, in the pauses and reflections where we engage in prayerful conversation with one another and with him.”
― Eugene H. Peterson, The Jesus Way: A Conversation on the Ways That Jesus Is the Way

“I may not be where I want to be but I'm thankful for not being where I used to be.”
― Habeeb Akande

“ONE BUT MANY

One God, many faces.
One family, many races.
One truth, many paths.
One heart, many complexions.
One light, many reflections.
One world, many imperfections.
ONE.
We are all one,
But many.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The gods too are fond of a joke.”
― Aristotle

“Never say, "O Lord, I am a miserable sinner." Who will help you? You are the help of the universe. What in this universe can help you? What can prevail over you? You are the God of the universe; where can you seek for help? Never help came from anywhere but from yourself. In your ignorance, every prayer that you made and that was answered, you thought was answered by some Being, but you answered the prayer yourself unknowingly. The help came from yourself, and you fondly imagined that someone was sending help to you. There is no help for you outside of yourself; you are the creator of the universe. Like the silkworm, you have built a cocoon around yourself. Who will save you? Burst your own cocoon and come out as a beautiful butterfly, as the free soul. Then alone you will see Truth.”
― Swami Vivekananda, The Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda, Volume 3

“God dances with the outcast.”
― Steven James, How to Smell Like God: True Stories Burning with the Scent of Heaven

“Never allow your ego to diminish your ability to listen.”
― Gary Hopkins

“The human ego is the ugliest part of man. We lift up men who only show us darkness, and put down those brave enough to show us the light. Likewise, people engage in darkness when it is light outside, and acknowledge the light only when it is dark. We abandon those fighting for us to cheer behind those fighting against us. And, we only remember good people and God when it is convenient for us, and take them for granted because their doors are always open - only to chase after closed doors and personalities void of substance and truth.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“God favors men and women who delight in being made worthy of happiness before the happiness itself.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“If faith never encounters doubt, if truth never struggles with error, if good never battles evil, how can faith know its own power? In my own pilgrimage, if I had to choose between a faith that has stared doubt in the eye and made it blink, or a naive faith that has never known the firing line of doubt, I will choose the former every time.”
― Gary Parker

“I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God for the salvation of everyone who believes: first for the Jew, then for the Gentile.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: The New King James Version

“Nobody can turn you into a slave unless you allow them. Nobody can make you afraid of anything, unless you allow them. Nobody can tell you to do something wrong, unless you allow them. God never created you to be a slave, man did. God never created division or set up any borders between brothers, man did. God never told you hurt or kill another, man did. So why is man your god, and not the Creator?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“God himself does not give answers. He gives himself.”
― Frederick Buechner, Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale

“If you should rise from Nowhere up to Somewhere,
From being No one up to being Someone,
Be sure to keep repeating to yourself
You owe it to an arbitrary god
Whose mercy to you rather than to others
Won’t bear to critical examination.
Stay unassuming. If for lack of license
To wear the uniform of who you are,
You should be tempted to make up for it
In a subordinationg look or toe,
Beware of coming too much to the surface
And using for apparel hat was meant
To be the curtain of the inmost soul.”
― Robert Frost

“God makes each one of us for the time into which we are born. He creates us for a purpose. Our job is to know Him well, discover what He created us to do, and then do it for all we're worth for the rest of our lives. Ask God to show you your purpose. He will answer.”
― Robin Lee Hatcher, Fit to Be Tied

“Everything smaller than Heaven bores us because only Heaven is bigger than our hearts.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“The peace of the celestial city is the perfectly ordered and harmonious enjoyment of God, and of one another in God. (City of God, Book 19)”
― St. Augustine of Hippo

“Good human work honors God's work. Good work uses no thing without respect, both for what it is in itself and for its origin. It uses neither tool nor material that it does not respect and that it does not love. It honors nature as a great mystery and power, as an indispensable teacher, and as the inescapable judge of all work of human hands. It does not dissociate life and work, or pleasure and work, or love and work, or usefulness and beauty. To work without pleasure or affection, to make a product that is not both useful and beautiful, is to dishonor God, nature, the thing that is made, and whomever it is made for. This is blasphemy: to make shoddy work of the work of God. But such blasphemy is not possible when the entire Creation is understood as holy and when the works of God are understood as embodying and thus revealing His spirit. (pg. 312, Christianity and the Survival of Creation)”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“I am what some would say 'holy, and wholly other than you.' The problem is that many folks try to grasp some sense of who I am by taking the best version of themselves, projecting that to the nth degree, factoring in all the goodness they can perceive, which often isn't much, and then call that God. And while it may seem like a noble effort, the truth is that it falls pitifully short of who I really am. I'm not merely the best version of you that you can think of. I am far more than that, above and beyond all that you can ask or think.”
― William P. Young, The Shack

“Hidup hanya menunda kekalahan.”
― Chairil Anwar, Derai-derai Cemara

“Where does your security lie? Is God your refuge, your hiding place, your stronghold, your shepherd, your counselor, your friend, your redeemer, your saviour, your guide? If He is, you don't need to search any further for security.”
― Elisabeth Elliot

“The Anatomy of Conflict:

If there is no communication then there is no respect. If there is no respect then there is no caring. If there is no caring then there is no understanding. If there is no understanding then there is no compassion. If there is no compassion then there is no empathy. If there is no empathy then there is no forgiveness. If there is no forgiveness then there is no kindness. If there is no kindness then there is no honesty. If there is no honesty then there is no love. If there is no love then God doesn't reside there. If God doesn't reside there then there is no peace. If there is no peace then there is no happiness. If there is no happiness ----then there IS CONFLICT BECAUSE THERE IS NO COMMUNICATION!”
― Shannon L. Alder

“No man is great enough or wise enough for any of us to surrender our destiny to. The only way in which anyone can lead us is to restore to us the belief in our own guidance.”
― Henry Miller

“The soul hardly ever realizes it, but whether he is a believer or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God.”
― Hubert Van Zeller

“God depends on us. It is through us that God is achieved.”
― Andre Gide

“You’re like a lighthouse shining beside the sea of humanity, motionless: all you can see is your own reflection in the water. You’re alone, so you think it’s a vast, magnificent panorama. You haven’t sounded the depths. You simply believe in the beauty of God’s creation. But I have spent all this time in the water, diving deep into the howling ocean of life, deeper than anyone. While you were admiring the surface, I saw the shipwrecks, the drowned bodies, the monsters of the deep”
― Alfred De Musset, Lorenzaccio

“It is impossible to enslave, mentally or socially, a bible-reading people. The principles of the bible are the groundwork of human freedom.”
― Horace Greeley

“God is the same, even though He has a thousand names; it is up to us to select a name for Him.”
― Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept

“I want to have faith in strangers. I want to have faith in what we're all going to do next. But I'm worried. I see things shifting from United We Stand to God Bless America. I don't believe in God Bless America. I don't believe a higher power is standing beside us and guiding us. I don't believe we're being singled out. I believe much more in United We Stand. I have my doubts, but I want it to be true. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we really came together, if we really found a common humanity? The hitch is that you can't find a common humanity just because you have a common enemy. You have to find a common humanity because you believe that's true. ”
― David Levithan, Love Is the Higher Law

“We're all pieces of the same ever-changing puzzle;
some connected for mere seconds, some connected for life,
some connected through knowledge, some through belief,
some connected through wisdom, some through Love, and some connected with no explanation at all. Yet, as spiritual beings having a human experience, we're all here for the sensations this reality or illusion has to offer. The best anyone can hope for is the right to be able to Live, Learn, Love then Leave. After that, reap the benefits of their own chosen existence in the hereafter by virtue of simply believing in what they believe. As for here, it took me a while but this progression helped me with my life: "I like myself. I Love myself. I am myself.”
― Stanley Victor Paskavich

“Jesus Christ came not to condemn you but to save you, knowing your name, knowing all about you, knowing your weight right now, knowing your age, knowing what you do, knowing where you live, knowing what you ate for supper and what you will eat for breakfast, where you will sleep tonight, how much your clothing cost, who your parents were. He knows you individually as though there were not another person in the entire world. He died for you as certainly as if you had been the only lost one. He knows the worst about you and is the One who loves you the most.
If you are out of the fold and away from God, put your name in the words of John 3:16 and say, “Lord, it is I. I’m the cause and reason why Thou didst on earth come to die.” That kind of positive, personal faith and a personal Redeemer is what saves you. If you will just rush in there, you do not have to know all the theology and all the right words. You can say, “I am the one He came to die for.” Write it down in your heart and say, “Jesus, this is me—Thee and me,” as though there were no others. Have that kind of personalized belief in a personal Lord and Savior.”
― A.W. Tozer, And He Dwelt Among Us: Teachings from the Gospel of John

“The humble sinner will sometimes be interpreted as one of the filthiest in the eyes of man yet immersed in the eyes of God, and this is due to the volition of honesty regarding his own corruption.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“If you place [your bet] with God, you lose nothing, even if it turns out that God does not exist. But if you place it against God, and you are wrong and God does exist, you lose everything.”
― Peter Kreeft, Pocket Handbook of Christian Apologetics

“The Lord is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; My God, my strength, in whom I will trust; My shield, and the horn of my salvation; my stronghold.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind, and unfits it for every noble enterprise, every expanded prospect.

[Letter to William Bradford Jr. April 1 1774]”
― James Madison, Letters and Other Writings of James Madison Volume 3

“The wizard [of Oz] says look inside yourself and find self. God says look inside yourself and find [the Holy Spirit]. The first will get you to Kansas.
The latter will get you to heaven.
Take your pick.”
― Max Lucado, Experiencing the Heart of Jesus: Knowing His Heart, Feeling His Love

“A sacrament--like marriage--means living a life better than your natural instincts, so that you're modeling God. And God never gives up.”
― Jodi Picoult , Handle with Care

“Look, I know you meant well creating the world and all, but how could you let it get away from you like this? How come you couldn't stick with your original idea of paradise? People's lives were a mess.”
― Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees

“If there was a god, I'd still have both nuts.”
― Lance Armstrong

“Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy.”
― سعدی

“Philosophy and science have not always been friendly toward the idea of God, the reason being they are dedicated to the task of accounting for things and are impatient with anything that refuses to give an account of itself. The philosopher and the scientist will admit that there is much that they do not know; but that is quite another thing from admitting there is something which they can never know, which indeed they have no technique for discovering.”
― A. W. Tozer

“Dreams are tawdry when compared with the leading of God, and not worthy of the aura of wonder we usually surround them with. God only doeth wonders. He does nothing else. His hand can work nothing less.”
― Jim Elliot

“Where I will find peace other than in oblivion?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Fortunately, God made all varieties of people with a wide variety of interests and abilities. He has called people of every race and color who have been hurt by life in every manner imaginable. Even the scars of past abuse and injury can be the means of bringing healing to another. What wonderful opportunities to make disciples!”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“In the Christian community thankfulness is just what it is anywhere else in the Christian life. Only he who gives thanks for little things receives the big things. We prevent God from giving us the great spiritual gifts He has in store for us, because we do not give thanks for daily gifts. We think we dare not be satisfied with the small measure of spiritual knowledge, experience, and love that has been given to us, and that we must constantly be looking forward eagerly for the highest good. Then we deplore the fact that we lack the deep certainty, the strong faith, and the rich experience that God has given to others, and we consider this lament to be pious. We pray for the big things and forget to give thanks for the ordinary, small (and yet really not small) gifts. How can God entrust great things to one who will not thankfully receive from Him the little things? If we do not give thanks daily for the Christian fellowship in which we have been placed, even where there is no great experience, no discoverable riches, but much weakness, small faith, and difficulty; if on the contrary, we only keep complaining to God that everything is so paltry and petty, so far from what we expected, then we hinder God from letting our fellowship grow according to the measure and riches which are there for us all in Jesus Christ.”
― Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community

“Obedience, fasting, and prayer are laughed at, yet only through them lies the way to real true freedom. I cut off my superfluous and unnecessary desires, I subdue my proud and wanton will and chastise it with obedience, and with God's help I attain freedom of spirit and with it spiritual joy.”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky, The Brothers Karamazov

“Even though you can't finally grasp me, guess what? I still want to be known.”
― William P. Young

“What you cant forget... God cant remember!”
― John MacArthur

“Every day He humbles Himself just as He did when from from His heavenly throne into the Virgin's womb; every day He comes to us and lets us see Him in lowliness, when He descends from the bosom of the Father into the hands of the priest at the altar.”
― St. Francis of Assisi

“My friend Adele describes fundamentalism as holding so tightly to your beliefs that your fingernails leave imprints on the palm of your hand... I think she's right. I was a fundamentalist not because of the beliefs I held but because of how I held them: with a death grip. It would take God himself to finally pry them out of my hands. (p.17-18)”
― Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions

“It is the Holy Spirit's job to convict, God's job to judge and my job to love.”
― Billy Graham

“To love you as I should, I must worship God as Creator. When I have learnt to love God better than my earthly dearest, I shall love my earthly dearest better than I do now. In so far as I learn to love my earthly dearest at the expense of God and instead of God, I shall be moving towards the state in which I shall not love my earthly dearest t all. When first things are put first, second things are not suppressed but increased.”
― C.S. Lewis, Letters of C. S. Lewis

“Never judge someone's character based on the words of another. Instead, study the motives behind the words of the person casting the bad judgment. An honest woman can sell tangerines all day and remain a good person until she dies, but there will always be naysayers who will try to convince you otherwise. Perhaps this woman did not give them something for free, or at a discount. Perhaps too, that she refused to stand with them when they were wrong — or just stood up for something she felt was right. And also, it could be that some bitter women are envious of her, or that she rejected the advances of some very proud men. Always trust your heart. If the Creator stood before a million men with the light of a million lamps, only a few would truly see him because truth is already alive in their hearts. Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them. He who does not have Truth in his heart, will always be blind to her.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Sometimes the strongest thing you will ever do will be to let go of someone. It will be painful, you will suffer guilt, and you will second-guess yourself, but for your own sanity and quality of life, there will come a time where you hand them to God, with your love, and trust Him to be who and what He is. May our Lord comfort you.”
― Lee Goff

“We tend to be preoccupied by our problems when we have a heightened sense of vulnerability and a diminished sense of power. Today, see each problem as an invitation to prayer.”
― John Ortberg, The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You

“The fact of God is necessary for the fact of man. Think God away and man has no ground of existence.”
― A. W. Tozer

“...God created the world in six days. On the seventh day, he rested. On the eighth day, he started getting complaints. And it hasn't stopped since.”
― James Scott Bell, Sins of the Fathers

“The irony is that while God doesn't need us but still wants us, we desperately need God but don't really want Him most of the time. He treasures us and anticipates our departure from this earth to be with Him-and we wonder, indifferently, how much we have to do for Him to get by.”
― Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God

“I have said that the soul is not more than the body,
And I have said that the body is not more than the soul,
And nothing, not God, is greater to one than one's-self is,”
― Walt Whitman

“يبدو اننا جميعا بحاجة كي نؤمن بأحد ما أو شيء ما. فالحياة دون معنى او اتجاه بائسة حقا. ويبدو
انه يتوجب ان نحيا من اجل هدف او شيء ما عزيز علينا ونموت من اجله، سواء كان هذا الهدف او الشيء مبدأ سياسي او خطة حياتية او أمة او
حلما او فكرة او مالا او اسرة. اعتقد ان التقديس هو جبلة في الانسان، وأن قدرنا هو أن نكون عبيدا سواء شئنا ذلك ام ابينا.”
― Jeffrey Lang, Even Angels Ask: A Journey to Islam in America

“God himself, finding he was in the midst of spirits and glory, because he was more intelligent, saw proper to institute laws whereby the rest could have a privilege to advance like himself. The relationship we have with God places us in a situation to advance in knowledge. He has power to institute laws to instruct the weaker intelligences, that they may be exalted with Himself, so that they might have one glory upon another, and all that knowledge, power, glory, and intelligence, which is requisite in order to save them in the world of spirits. (King Follett Discourse) ”
― Joseph Smith Jr.

“Rather he consoled himself with the fact that, in the real world, when he looked closely into the darkness he might find the presence of a light, damaged and bruised, but a little light all the same.”
― Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin

“Before you came into my life, I believed that God had abandoned me. Now I know that He has blessed me beyond measure.

~Sir Bannor”
― Teresa Medeiros, Charming the Prince

“For all works and things, which are either commanded or forbidden by God and thus have been instituted by the
supreme Majesty, are 'musts.' Nevertheless, no one should be dragged to them or away from them by the hair, for I can drive no man to heaven or beat him into it with a club.”
― Martin Luther

“I've always been spiritual but I've never had a proper context, and it took me a while to find the proper context. It's hard to realize you can have any kind of relationship with God you want... and so I now have a punk rock relationship with God”
― Billy Corgan

“Women are delicate creatures. Fragile. Gentle. Made by God to be sheltered from the harshness of this world..

Morgan MacDonnell”
― Teresa Medeiros, A Whisper of Roses

“God is alive, real, and wants to heal you in every aspect of your life where you are hurting.”
― Robert A. Schuller

“It comforts me to think that if we are created beings the thing that created us would have to be greater than us, so much greater, in fact, that we would not be able to understand it. It would have to be greater than the facts of our reality and so it would seem to us, looking out from within our reality that it would contradict reason. But reason itself would suggest it would have to be greater than reality or it would not be reasonable.”
― Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality

“It is said that God is always on the side of the big battalions.”
― Voltaire

“This day I call heaven and earth as witnesses against you that I have set before you life and death, blessings and curses. Now choose life, so that you and your children may live 20 and that you may love the LORD your God, listen to his voice, and hold fast to him. For the LORD is your life, and he will give you many years in the land he swore to give to your fathers, Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.

Deuteronomy 30:19-20 (NIV)”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: The New King James Version

“I am unaware of his plans but I shall never stop believing in them because I cannot fathom them and I prefer to mistrust my own intellectual capacities than his justice.”
― Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America

“The true story of every person in this world is not the story you see, the external story. The true story of each person is the journey of his or her heart.”
― John Eldredge Brent Curtis, The Sacred Romance Drawing Closer To The Heart Of God

“Every being, created by God and unspoiled by man, is perfect, strictly defined and autonomous, entirely complete and at the same time with a built-in ability to grow and develop. This is the essence of its dignity and holiness. It is not an embodiment of God’s immense Personality, but only one of the realisations of His perfection.”
― Danail Hristov, The End of the Jesus Era

“The Christian life is not about pleasing God the finger-shaker and judge. It is not about believing now or being good now for the sake of heaven later. It is about entering a relationship in the present that begins to change everything now. Spirituality is about this process: the opening of the heart to the God who is already here.”
― Marcus J. Borg, The God We Never Knew: Beyond Dogmatic Religion to a More Authentic Contemporary Faith

“There is no other way to determine the difference between the will of God and the crafts of satan... Jesus is the way, the truth and the life... The Holy Spirit of God is the Comforter...”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Disciplined runners consistently clear their heads and focus fully on the journey ahead.. .because their passion and zeal for the goal supersedes the strain. The goal beckons them onward. Passion doesn't negate weariness; it just resolves to press beyond it.”
― Priscilla Shirer, Gideon: Your Weakness. God's Strength.

“How ironic, then, and how poetic, that humankind may have created the Creator out of want for one. Man creates God, who then creates man. Is that not the perfect circle of life? But then, if that turns out to be the case, who is created in whose image?”
― Neal Shusterman, Thunderhead

“I cannot encourage any fabrication even for the sake of making people feel good. If I were to fabricate consciously and knowingly, I would not only be ordaining myself their enemy, but also ordaining myself God's enemy.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“God, Who is everywhere, never leaves us. Yet He seems sometimes to be present, sometimes to be absent. If we do not know Him well, we do not realize that He may be more present to us when He is absent than when He is present.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“For each and every person, our Lord and Master provides sustenance. Why are you so afraid, O mind? The flamingos fly hundreds of miles, leaving their young ones behind. Who feeds them, and who teaches them to feed themselves? Have you ever thought of this in your mind?”
― Guru Nanak, Sri Guru Granth Sahib

“I take literally the statement in the Gospel of John that God loves the world. I believe that the world was created and approved by love, that it subsists, coheres, and endures by love, and that, insofar as it is redeemable, it can be redeemed only by love. I believe that divine love, incarnate and indwelling in the world, summons the world always toward wholeness, which ultimately is reconciliation and atonement with God.”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“Choices will continually be necessary and -- let us not forget -- possible. Obedience to God is always possible. It is a deadly error to fall into the notion that when feelings are extremely strong we can do nothing but act on them.”
― Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender

“Man approaches God most nearly when he is in one sense least like God. For what can be more unlike than fullness and need, sovereignty and humility, righteousness and penitence, limitless power and a cry for help?”
― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves

“She was a fool, and so am I, and so is anyone who thinks he sees what God is Doing, [writes Bokonon].”
― Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle

“I didn't need to understand the hypostatic unity of the Trinity; I just needed to turn my life over to whoever came up with redwood trees.”
― Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith

“I stared up at the sky and raised my middle finger, just in case God was watching. I don't like being spied on.”
― Annabel Pitcher, My Sister Lives on the Mantelpiece

“I pray for you, that all your misgivings will be melted to thanksgivings. Remember that the shadow a thing casts often far exceeds the size of the thing itself (especially if the light be low on the horizon) and though some future fear may strut brave darkness as you approach, the thing itself will be but a speck when seen from beyond. Oh that He would restore us often with that 'aspect from beyond,' to see a thing as He sees it, to remember that He dealeth with us as with sons.”
― Jim Elliot

“Do not fight the thing in detail: turn from it. Look ONLY at your Lord. Sing. Read. Work.”
― Amy Carmichael, Gold by Moonlight

“If you are a Christian, you are not a citizen of this world trying to get to heaven; you are a citizen of heaven making your way through this world. ”
― Vance Havner

“The stone that was rolled before Christ's tomb might appropriately be called the philosopher's stone because its removal gave not only the pharisees but, now for 1800 years, the philosophers so much to think about.”
― Soren Kierkegaard

“Mine was a patchwork God, sewn together from bits of rag and ribbon, Eastern and Western, pagan and Hebrew, everything but the kitchen sink and Jesus.”
― Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith

“O Lord, you have searched me and you know me.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“The whole war between the atheist and the theist comes down to this: the atheist believes a 'what' created the universe; the theist believes a 'who' created the universe.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“It may not always be easy, convenient or politically correct to stand for truth and right, but it is the right thing to do. Always. ”
― M. Russell Ballard

“To be convinced in our hearts that we have forgiveness of sins and peace with God by grace alone is the hardest thing.”
― Martin Luther, Commentary on Galatians

“Men always makes gods in their own image.”
― Xenophanes

“We must transcend the illusion that money or power has any bearing on our worthiness as children of God.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Cynicism is when a small mind and a hurt heart rejects the hope, love, and truth of a big and caring God.”
― Jayce O'Neal

“لا تستهين بنفسك ، حتى لو كنت قطرة ، محاولاتك المستمرة .. بصبر
تستطيع أن تفتت الصخر”
― hany adieb هاني أديب

“Believe what you believe and it will be,
believe what others believe and they will consume you!”
― Stanley Victor Paskavich

“And believe me, a good piece of chicken can make anybody believe in the existence of God.”
― Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian

“I had always thought that life was the actual thing, the natural thing, and that death was simply the end of living. Now, in this lifeless place, I saw with a terrible clarity that death was the constant, death was the base, and life was only a short, frgile dream. I was dead already. I had been born death, and what I thought was my life was just a game death let me play as it waited to take me. . .

Death has an opposite, but the opposite is not mere living. It is not courage or faith or human will. The opposite of death is love. How had I missed that? How does anyone miss that? Love is our only weapon. Only love can turn mere life into a miracle, and draw precious meaning from suffering and fear. For a brief, magical moment, all my fears lifted, and I knew that I would not let death control me. I would walk through the godforsaken country that separated me from my home with love and hope in my heart. I wouuld walk until I had walked all the life out of me, and when I fell I would die that much closer to my father.”
― Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes

“A foe to God was never true friend to man”
― Edward Young

“God loves you even on your blackest days, and He will always, always be there to guide you home. All you have to do is look for the light of His love.”
― Lauren Myracle, Shine

“The position of the Atheist is a clear and reasonable one. I know nothing about ‘God’ and therefore I do not believe in Him or in it; what you tell me about your God is self‐contradictory, and therefore incredible. I do not deny ‘God,’ which is an unknown tongue to me; I do deny your God, who is an impossibility. I am without God.”
― Annie Wood Besant, Annie Besant: An Autobiography

“If we assume that man actually does resemble God, then we are forced into the impossible theory that God is a coward, an idiot and a bounder.”
― Henry Louis Mencken

“If we cooperate with Him in loving obedience, God will manifest Himself to us, and that manifestation will be the difference between a nominal Christian life and a life radiant with the light of His face.”
― A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God: The Human Thirst for the Divine

“And for the support of this declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine providence, we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“He can heal me. I believe He will. I believe I'm going to be an old surely Baptist preacher. And even if He doesn't...that's the thing: I've read Philippians 1. I know what Paul says. I'm here let's work, if I go home? That's better. I understand that.”
― Matt Chandler

“Look at me, making one of your dreams come true. You and your Norm truck driving around Normville."
"You're practically a god.”
― Kasie West, Split Second

“I regard the afterlife to be a fairy story for people that are afraid of the dark”
― Stephen Hawking

“There can only be two basic loves... the love of God unto the forgetfulness of self, or the love of self unto the forgetfulness and denial of God.”
― St. Augustine

“God doesn't bless us just to make us happy; He blesses us to make us a blessing.”
― Warren Wiersbe

“You do not need to work to become spiritual. You are spiritual; you need only to remember that fact. Spirit is within you. God is within you. (67)”
― Julia Cameron, God is No Laughing Matter

“Imagine that Jesus is calling you today. He extends a second invitation to accept His Father's love. And maybe you answer, "Oh, I know that. It's old hat."

And God answers, 'No, that's what you don't know. You don't know how much I love you. The moment you think you understand is the moment you do not understand. I am God, not man. You tell others about Me - your words are glib. My words are written in the blood of My only Son. The next time you preach about My love with such obnoxious familiarity, I may come and blow your whole prayer meeting apart.

Did you know that every time you tell Me you love Me, I say thank you?”
― Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out

“Some people want to see God with their eyes as they see a cow, and to love Him as they love a cow - for the milk and cheese and profit it brings them. This is how it is with people who love God for the sake of outward wealth or inward comfort. They do not rightly love God, when they love Him for their own advantage. ”
― Meister Eckhart

“In the view of such harmony in the cosmos which I, with my limited human mind, am able to recognize, there are yet people who says there is no God. But what makes me really angry is that they quote me for support of such views. (The Expanded Quotable Einstein, Princeton University, page 214)”
― Albert Einstein

“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“I feel the healing
hands of God
touch my heart
and kiss my soul.”
― Harley King

“It is not easy to convey a sense of wonder, let alone resurrection wonder, to another. It’s the very nature of wonder to catch us off guard, to circumvent expectations and assumptions. Wonder can’t be packaged, and it can’t be worked up. It requires some sense of being there and some sense of engagement.”
― Eugene H. Peterson

“MOTHER IS WATER

I wish I could
Shower your head with flowers
And anoint your feet with my tears,
For I know I have caused you
So much heartache, frustration and despair –
Throughout my youthful years.
I wish I could give you
The remainder of my life
To add to yours,
Or simply erase
The lines on your face,
And mend all that has been torn.
For next to God,
You are the fire
That has given light
To the flame in each of my eyes.
You are the fountain
That nourished my growth,
And from your chalice –
Gave me life.
Without the wetness of your love,
The fragrance of your water,
Or the trickling sounds of
Your voice,
I shall always feel
thirsty.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If you are able to judge God so easily, you certainly can judge the world. You must choose two of your children to spend eternity in God's new heavens and new earth....And you must choose three of your children to spend eternity in hell.....
I am only asking you to do something that you believe God does. He knows every person ever conceived, and he knows them so much more deeply and clearly than you will ever know your own children...You believe he will condemn most to an eternity of torment, away from his presence and apart from his love."

Mack: "I don't want to be the judge...
I can't do this."

You suppose then that God does this so easily, but you cannot?"

This couldn't be real. How could God ask him to choose among his own children? Even if Katie or Josh, or Jon or Tyler committed some heinous crime, he still wouldn't do it. He couldn't! For him, it wasn't about their performance; it was about his love for them.

Mack: "I can't, I can't....Could I go instead?....I'll go in their place...Could I do that?" He fell at her feet crying and begging now. "Please let me go for my children..I am begging you. Please...Please..."

-"Now you sound like Jesus.....That is how Jesus loves.”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“There is no logical reason to believe in God. There are emotional reasons, certainly, but I cannot have faith that nothing is something simply because it would be reassuring. I can no more believe in God than I can believe an invisible monkey lives in my ass; however, I would believe in both if they could be scientifically proven. ”
― Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle

“If the Almighty directs our steps, we've no need to look back over our shoulders.”
― Liz Curtis Higgs, Here Burns My Candle

“There’s always a choice. That’s God’s way, always will be. Your will is still free. Do as you will. There’s no set of leg-irons on you. But... this is what God wants of you.”
― Stephen King, The Stand

“. . . the only legitimate reason that kingship is not attractive to us is because in this age and this world the only kings available are finite and sinful. Listen to C. S. Lewis describe why he believes in democracy:

A great deal of democratic enthusiasm descends from the ideas of people like Rousseau, who believed in democracy because they thought mankind so wise and good that everyone deserved a share in the government. The danger of defending democracy on those grounds is that they’re not true. . . I find that they’re not true without looking further than myself. I don’t deserve a share in governing a hen-roost, much less a nation. . . . The real reason for democracy is . . . Mankind is so fallen that no man can be trusted with unchecked power over his fellows. Aristotle said that some people were only fit to be slaves. I do not contradict him. But I reject slavery because I see no men fit to be masters.1

If there could be a king who is not limited in his wisdom and power and goodness and love for his subjects, then monarchy would be the best of all governments. If such a ruler could ever rise in the world—with no weakness, no folly, no sin—then no wise and humble person would ever want democracy again.

The question is not whether God broke into the universe as a king. He did. The question is: What kind of king is he? What difference would his kingship make for you?”
― John Piper

“Sometimes God calms the storm and sometimes He calms his child.”
― John H. Groberg, The Other Side of Heaven

“The greatest thing a man can do in this world, is to make the most possible out of the stuff that has been given him. This is success, and there is no other.”
― Orison Swett Marden, Learn to Expect a Great Deal of Life

“Man is a demon, man is a god. Both true.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“You said 'God is cruel' the way a person who's lived his whole life on Tahiti might say 'Snow is cold'. You knew, but you didn't understand." He stepped close to David and put his palms on the boy's cold cheeks. "Do you know how cruel your God can be, David. How fantastically cruel?”
― Stephen King, Desperation

“He had no faintest conception till that very hour of how they would look, and even doubted their existence. But when he saw them he knew that he had always known them and realized what part each one of them had played at many an hour in his life when he had supposed himself alone, so that now he could say to them, one by one, not ‘Who are you?’ but ‘So it was you all the time.’ All that they were and said at this meeting woke memories. The dim consciousness of friends about him which had haunted his solitudes from infancy was now at last explained; that central music in every pure experience which had always just evaded memory was now at last recovered...He saw not only Them; he saw Him. This animal, this thing begotten in a bed, could look on Him. What is blinding, suffocating fire to you is now cool light to him, is clarity itself, and wears the form of a man.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters

“I have no such powers. If I did I would be more merciful than God, believe me.”
― Mario Puzo, The Godfather

“Spirituality is not about being fixed; it is about God's being present in the mess of our unfixedness. (Messy Spirituality)”
― Michael Yaconelli

“Let our voices be heard. I hope they will not be shrill voices, but, I hope we shall speak with such conviction that those to whom we speak shall know of the strength of our feeling and the sincerity of our efforts. ”
― Gordon B. Hinckley

“Before you realize this truth, say the Yogis, you will always be in despair, a notion nicely expressed in this exasperated line from the Greek stoic philosopher Epictetus: 'You bear God within you, poor wretch, and know it not.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Every time I create something, whether an idea or a work of art, initially, its supposed completion seems absolutely perfect to me. However the more I think about it, stare it down, the more it marinates in my soul over the hours, days, and weeks, the more flaws I start to find in it; and finally, the more I'm pressed to continue enhancing it. It essentially turns out that whatever thing a flawed and imperfect, human eye once thought was amazing begins to appear quite wretched. This is why, eternally, God cannot be impressed by mere talents or by mortal achievements. To perfect eyes, I imagine that great is not really that great; rather, humility is ultimately a human being's true greatness.”
― Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality

“There's no safety outside of God.”
― Beth Nimmo

“God is peace, bliss, beauty and truth. Focus your energy on that, life will be like that.”
― Amit Ray

“The worse I am, the more I need God. I can't shut myself out from His mercy. That is what it would mean; starting a life with you, without Him.”
― Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited

“Angels had fallen, men have sinned.
It does not mean that God has failed.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Here I am going to say something which may come as a bit of a shock. God doesn't necessarily want us to be happy. He wants us to be lovable. Worthy of love. Able to be loved by Him. We don't start off being all that lovable, if we're honest. What makes people hard to love? Isn't it what is commonly called selfishness? Selfish people are hard to love because so little love comes out of them.”
― William Nicholson, Shadowlands

“The Word we study has to be the Word we pray. My personal experience of the relentless tenderness of God came not from exegetes, theologians, and spiritual writers, but from sitting still in the presence of the living Word and beseeching Him to help me understand with my head and heart His written Word. Sheer scholarship alone cannot reveal to us the gospel of grace. We must never allow the authority of books, institutions, or leaders to replace the authority of *knowing* Jesus Christ personally and directly. When the religious views of others interpose between us and the primary experience of Jesus as the Christ, we become unconvicted and unpersuasive travel agents handing out brochures to places we have never visited.”
― Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out

“We are all butterflies. Earth is our chrysalis.”
― LeeAnn Taylor

“Start telling the truth now and never stop. Begin by telling the truth to yourself about yourself. Then tell the truth to yourself about someone else. Then tell the truth about yourself to another. Then tell the truth about another to that other. Finally, tell the truth to everyone about everything. These are the 5 levels of truth telling. This is the five-fold path to freedom.”
― Neale Donald Walsch, Conversations With God: An Uncommon Dialogue, Book 2

“Many Spirit-filled authors have exhausted the thesaurus in order to describe God with the glory He deserves. His perfect holiness, by definition, assures us that our words can't contain Him. Isn't it a comfort to worship a God we cannot exaggerate?”
― Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God

“The sorrow of God lies in our fear of Him, our fear of life, and our fear of ourselves. He anguishes over our self-absorption and self-sufficiency... God's sorrow lies in our refusal to approach Him when we sinned and failed.”
― Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging

“The Maker of the universe with stars a hundred thousand light-years apart was interested, furious, and very personal about it if a small boy played baseball on Sunday afternoon.”
― Sinclair Lewis, Elmer Gantry

“Teenagers who do not go to church are adored by God, but they don't get to meet some of the people who love God back.”
― Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith

“If there's a God out there, then i would hope he has more important things to attend to than my drinking scotch or eating pork.”
― Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner: A Portrait of the Marc Forster Film

“A friend once said, and I found to be true,That everyday people, they lie to God too,So what makes you think, that they won't lie to you.”
― Lauryn Hill

“I am now convinced that children should not be subjected to the frightfulness of the Christian religion [...]. If the concept of a father who plots to have his own son put to death is presented to children as beautiful and as worthy of society's admiration, what types of human behavior can be presented to them as reprehensible?”
― Ruth Hurmence Green, The Born Again Skeptic's Guide To The Bible

“He was there alone with himself, collected, tranquil, adoring, comparing the serenity of his heart with the serenity of the skies, moved in the darkness by the visible splendors of the constellations, and the invisible splendor of God, opening his soul to the thoughts which fall from the Unknown. In such moments, offering up his heart at the hour when the flowers of night inhale their perfume, lighted like a lamp in the center of the starry night, expanding his soul in ecstasy in the midst of the universal radiance of creation, he could not himself perhaps have told what was passing in his own mind; he felt something depart from him, and something descend upon him, mysterious interchanges of the depths of the soul with the depths of the universe.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“I think music is what language once aspired to be. Music allows us to face God on our own terms because it reaches beyond life.”
― Simon Van Booy

“I told him I had once lost everything I had, too, and that I think that can be God’s way of building walls around us to force us to look up at Him.”
― Kimberly Novosel, Loved

“Are you asking me if there is a god?' he said, still in that soft voice. 'All I can say is, I believe there is. I feel him when I sing. He has responded to my prayers countless times. He guides my actions and he dwells in my heart. I know he is there.”
― Sharon Shinn, Archangel

“If you wish to befriend someone, look for a person who loves first God then themselves. If they love God, they will be able to love their neighbor, too.”
― Peter Deunov

“To realize the truth, you have to cross the boundaries of all religions and prophets.”
― Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations

“I know I'm not God, are you? Don't be silly.
God? God? Everybody's God? Don't be silly.”
― Allen Ginsberg, Death and Fame: Last Poems, 1993-1997

“Each of us is aware he's a material being, subject to the laws of physiology and physics, and that the strength of all our emotions combined cannot counteract those laws. It can only hate them. The eternal belief of lovers and poets in the power of love which is more enduring that death, the finis vitae sed non amoris that has pursued us through the centuries is a lie. But this lie is not ridiculous, it's simply futile. To be a clock on the other hand, measuring the passage of time, one that is smashed and rebuilt over and again, one in whose mechanism despair and love are set in motion by the watchmaker along with the first movements of the cogs. To know one is a repeater of suffering felt ever more deeply as it becomes increasingly comical through a multiple repetitions. To replay human existence - fine. But to replay it in the way a drunk replays a corny tune pushing coins over and over into the jukebox?”
― Stanisław Lem, Solaris

“—¿Por qué sigues creyendo en Dios? ¿No estás enfadada con Él por todas las cosas malas que te han pasado?

Ella interrumpió lo que estaba haciendo y se volvió hacia él. Gabriel parecía muy infeliz.

—A todo el mundo le pasan cosas malas. ¿Por qué iba a ser yo distinta a los demás?

—Porque eres buena.

Ella se miró las manos.

—El universo no se basa en la magia. No hay unas reglas para las personas buenas y otras para las personas malas. Todo el mundo sufre en un momento u otro. Lo importante es lo que haces con tu dolor, ¿no crees?”
― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Rapture

“Fear is to begin with the end in mind. There is no end. Life is eternal. Live life knowing that the end was your past, and the future is only full of beautiful beginnings through an eternity built around God’s love.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“I swear to God . . .”
“God doesn’t come to this part of the house, so swear to me.” -Liam C”
― J.J. McAvoy

“Religion does not help me. The faith that others give to what is unseen, I give to what one can touch, and look at. My gods dwell in temples made with hands; and within the circle of actual experience is my creed made perfect and complete: too complete, it may be, for like many or all of those who have placed their heaven in this earth, I have found in it not merely the beauty of heaven, but the horror of hell also.”
― Oscar Wilde, De Profundis and Other Writings

“Science Fiction: Any scientific acclaim that omits God.”
― Johnny Hart

“They believe themselves Lucifer's equals, Cain, all these pitiful little gnats. But there is only one that we have ever owned to be our superior. There is but one greater than us, and to him... to him we no longer speak.”
― Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists

“Satan is screaming lies over us all day long. And God whispers the truth is a still, small voice. So often the voice we listen to most is the one we hear loudest.”
― Steven Curtis Chapman, Between Heaven and the Real World: My Story

“In monasteries, seminaries, retreats and synagogues, they fear hell and seek paradise. Those who know the mysteries of God never let that seed be planted in their souls.”
― Omar Khayyám, Quatrains

“Fuck you, angel. Fuck you and all God's little prison bitches. He slips you some cigarettes and a con job smile and you run off to do his dirty work for him. Go and scare some sinners. No one's listening to you here.”
― Richard Kadrey, Sandman Slim

“There's a difference between waiting with patient expectation, and waiting because you never know what God will do. If you don't know how God thinks or what God wants to do in your life, read the Bible. When you know what God wants you to do, go out there and do it and see God work his wonderful mission through you.
The whole time you thought you were waiting on God, but the whole time God was WAITING ON YOU.”
― Osayi Osar-Emokpae, Impossible Is Stupid

“Sometimes love finds you when it’s ready. And when you’re ready too. How that happens is anybody’s guess. Love is the great mystery stew, its secrets well kept, its ingredients known to providence alone. While both people are being prepared, marinated, skewered,cooked to readiness in the fires of life, the cosmic alchemist is turning the pot, reverently preparing the base for the lovers who will meld into it. Only God knows when the stew is ready to be served. Divine timing, Divine dining…”
― Jeff Brown

“He is your Father, and His role is to protect you; He will comfort you and guide you. He will feed you; He will carry you when you are weak. He will seek you out when you go astray; He will help you in times of trouble. He will not let your enemies go unpunished; He will cherish you like a father cherishes his daughter. When you fall, He will pick you up; when you don’t understand, He will always understand.

When you feel like life is weighing you down, He will lift you up. When you feel like giving up, He will encourage you to keep going. When you are sad, He will lighten your spirits. When you need advice, His line is open 24-7. When you feel unsafe, He will be your safety; when you are worried, He will be an ear to your concerns. When you feel burdened, offer your burden to Him and He will take it. Where you have been burnt, He will make you beautiful; where you hurt, He will heal. Whenever you feel lonely, He will always be with you.

Where others have not supported you, He will support you. When you feel discouraged, He will be your encouragement. Where you don’t know, He will tell you when the time is right. When you feel unloved, remember that He has always loved you.

You see limitations; God sees opportunities. You see faults; God sees growth. You see problems; God sees solutions. You see limitations; God sees possibilities. You see life; God sees eternity.”
― Corallie Buchanan, Watch Out! Godly Women on the Loose

“It (trying to keep the law) grants you the power to judge others and feel superior to them. You believe you are living to a higher standard than those you judge. Enforcing rules, especially in its more subtle expressions like responsibility and expectation, is a vain attempt to create certainty out of uncertainty. And contrary to what you might think, I have a great fondness for uncertainty. Rules cannot bring freedom; they only have the power to accuse.”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“All God's giants have been weak men who did great things for God because they reackoned on God being with them.”
― J. Hudson Taylor

“The gods have become our diseases.”
― C.G. Jung

“CONCERNED BUT NOT CONSUMED!”
― Ron Sanders

“So many things were testing his faith. There was the Bible, of course, but the Bible was a book, and so were Bleak House, Treasure Island, Ethan Frome and The Last of the Mohicans. Did it then seem probable, as he had once overheard Dunbar ask, that the answers to riddles of creation would be supplied by people too ignorant to understand the mechanics of rainfall? Had Almighty God, in all His infinite wisdom, really been afraid that men six thousand years ago would succeed in building a tower to heaven?”
― Joseph Heller, Catch 22

“I have always been a firm believer in God and the power of prayer, though to be honest, my faith has made for alist of questions I definitely want answered after I'm gone.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook

“He hath never failed thee yet.
Never will His love forget.
O fret not thyself nor let
Thy heart be troubled,
Neither let it be afraid.”
― Amy Carmichael

“I do not think there is a demonstrative proof (like Euclid) of Christianity, nor of the existence of matter, nor of the good will and honesty of my best and oldest friends. I think all three are (except perhaps the second) far more probable than the alternatives. The case for Christianity in general is well given by Chesterton…As to why God doesn't make it demonstratively clear; are we sure that He is even interested in the kind of Theism which would be a compelled logical assent to a conclusive argument? Are we interested in it in personal matters? I demand from my friend trust in my good faith which is certain without demonstrative proof. It wouldn't be confidence at all if he waited for rigorous proof. Hang it all, the very fairy-tales embody the truth. Othello believed in Desdemona's innocence when it was proved: but that was too late. Lear believed in Cordelia's love when it was proved: but that was too late. 'His praise is lost who stays till all commend.' The magnanimity, the generosity which will trust on a reasonable probability, is required of us. But supposing one believed and was wrong after all? Why, then you would have paid the universe a compliment it doesn't deserve. Your error would even so be more interesting and important than the reality. And yet how could that be? How could an idiotic universe have produced creatures whose mere dreams are so much stronger, better, subtler than itself?”
― C.S. Lewis

“...a God that did everything we thought was right and good wouldn't be the creator of the universe. He would be our puppet.”
― Min Jin Lee, Pachinko

“The goal of prayer is to live all of my life and speak all of my words in the joyful awareness of the presence of God.
Prayer becomes real when we grasp the reality and goodness of God's constant presence with 'the real me.' Jesus lived his everyday life in conscious awareness of his Father.”
― John Ortberg, The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You

“إن عبادة الإله الواحد وحدها ستقرب الانسان من السلام الذي يتكلم عليه الجميع ولايفعل أحد شيئاً لتحقيقه.”
― Malcolm X

“Marriage isn't about Winning - It's about Lasting”
― Mark Gorman

“Bare heights of loneliness...a wilderness whose burning winds sweep over glowing sands, what are they to HIM? Even there He can refresh us, even there He can renew us.”
― Amy Carmichael

“Ask and it shall be given you,'" I began. "'Seek and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you; For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.' We have the same message in the Book of Saint John," I said, sounding for all the world like a preacher...."
Well, but how could I just stop there? Those words were worse than nothing if I didn't tell what they meant to Grandpa. Looking at the long rough box, I spoke timid, in a mumbled voice. Not preachified at all. "Grandpa didn't think Jesus meant, by that, that we should ast God for things, or for special favors. He said we could trust that in the nature of things, without astin', we'll get lots of blessin's and happy surprises and maybe a miracle or two. When Jesus said ast and you'll get it, He meant things of the spirit, not the flesh. Right now for instance, I could ast, 'Lord please raise Grandpa from the dead,' but it wouldn't happen. But I can say, 'Please, God, comfort me,' and I'll get heart's ease. Grandpa said Jesus meant us to ast for hope, forgiveness, and all that. Ast, 'Hep us not be scared, hep us not be greedy, give us courage to try." I was really carried away. "Ast any such and God will give it to you. But don't ast Him not to let fire burn, or say spare me from death. At least, uh, that's what Grandpa said.”
― Olive Ann Burns, Cold Sassy Tree

“Those who live as though God sets the rules are not going by their own rules. That is the self-sacrifice, or selflessness, that peace more often than not requires. Those who insist on going by their own rules cannot make that sacrifice. They are the steady adherents of (global) conflict because they are forever fighting both themselves and others to do whatever they think that they want to do.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“God is love, and he who abides in love abides in God, and God in him.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Every Christian would agree that a man's spiritual health is exactly proportional to his love for God.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves

“When we try to focus our thought upon One who is pure uncreated being we may see nothing at all, for He dwelleth in light that no man can approach unto. Only by faith and love are we able to glimpse Him as He passes by our shelter in the cleft of the rock.”
― A. W. Tozer

“I had a standing agreement with god. I'd agree to believe in him, barely, so long as he let me sleep in on Sundays.”
― Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy

“[She wasn't] a logically reasoning woman, but God is good, and hearts may count in heaven as high as heads.”
― Charles Dickens, Our Mutual Friend

“Am I as spontaneously kind to God as I used to be, or am I only expecting God to be kind to me? Am I full of the little things that cheer His heart over me, or am I whimpering because things are going hardly with me? There is no joy in the soul that has forgotten what God prizes.”
― Oswald Chambers

“No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“It was a subtle refinement of God to learn Greek when he wished to write a book – and that he did not learn it better.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“بی خداها حوصله ام را سر می برند، چون فقط درباره خدا حرف می زنند!”
― Heinrich Böll, The Clown

“all his prayers of the past had been simple concrete requests: God, give me a bicycle, a knife with seven blades, a box of oil paints. Only how, how, could you say something so indefinite, so meaningless as this: God, let me be loved.”
― Truman Capote

“Blessed is the man who walks not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stands in the path of sinners, nor sits in the seat of the scornful; 2)But his delight is in the law of the Lord, and in His law he meditates day and night.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“The saints, too, had wandering minds. The saints, too, had constantly to recall their constantly wandering mind-child home. They became saints because they continued to go after the little wanderer, like the Good Shepherd.”
― Peter Kreeft, Prayer For Beginners

“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
― Germany Kent

“ஒன்றே சொல்வார் ஒன்றே செய்வார்
உள்ளத்தில் உள்ளது அமைதி
இன்பத்தில் துன்பம் துன்பத்தில் இன்பம் இறைவன் வகுத்த நியதி...
வரும் துன்பத்தில் இன்பம் பத்தாகும்
இந்த இரண்டு கட்டளை அறிந்த மனதில்
எல்லா நன்மையும் உண்டாகும்
எல்லா நன்மையும் உண்டாகும்”
― Kannadasan

“Any patch of sunlight in a wood will show you something about the sun which you could never get from reading books on astronomy. These pure and spontaneous pleasures are ‘patches of Godlight’ in the woods of our experience.”
― C.S. Lewis

“ابتلع معي يقينان أبتهل إلى الله دائمًا أن لا يحرمني منهما: يقيني بعدله ، ويقيني برحمته. إن ضاعا منِّي ، فإن حياتي كّلها ستؤول إلى خراب عظيم و مخزٍ لن يُقيله شيء ،ولن يغفره شيء.”
― ليلى الجهني, 40 في معنى أن أكبر

“Man is timid and apologetic; he is no longer upright; he dares not say "I think," "I am," but quotes some saint or sage. He is ashamed before the blade of grass or the blowing rose. These roses under my window make no reference to former roses or to better ones; they are for what they are; they exist with God to-day. There is no time to them. There is simply the rose; it is perfect in every moment of its existence. Before a leaf-bud has burst, its whole life acts; in the full-blown flower there is no more; in the leafless root there is no less. Its nature is satisfied, and it satisfies nature, in all moments alike. But man postpones or remembers; he does not live in the present, but with reverted eye laments the past, or, heedless of the riches that surround him, stands on tiptoe to foresee the future. He cannot be happy and strong until he too lives with nature in the present, above time.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays

“I will tell you why we have these extraordinary minds and souls, Miss Whittaker," he continued, as though he had not heard her. "We have them because there is a supreme intelligence in the universe, which wishes for communion with us. This supreme intelligence longs to be known. It calls out to us. It draws us close to its mystery, and grants us these remarkable minds, in order that we try to reach for it. It wants us to find it. It wants union with us, more than anything.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, The Signature of All Things

“I decided I would fill the emptiness in me with God and with paint.”
― Kimberly Novosel

“The Bible is the greatest of all books; to study it is the noblest of all pursuits; to understand it, the highest of all goals.”
― Charles C. Ryrie

“And so will I here state just plainly and briefly that I accept God. But I must point out one thing: if God does exist and really created the world, as we well know, he created it according to the principles of Euclidean geometry and made the human brain capable of grasping only three dimensions of space. Yet there have been and still are mathematicians and philosophers-among them some of the most outstanding-who doubt that the whole universe or, to put it more generally, all existence was created to fit Euclidean geometry; they even dare to conceive that two parallel lines that, according to Euclid, never do meet on earth do, in fact, meet somewhere in infinity. And so my dear boy, I’ve decided that I am incapable of understanding of even that much, I cannot possibly understand about God.”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky, The Brothers Karamazov

“It may be a species of impudence to think that the way you understand God is the way God is. (60).”
― Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor

“The world is charged with the grandeur of God.”
― Gerard Manley Hopkins

“Faith in God is an opening up, a letting go, a deep trust, a free act of love - but sometimes it was so hard to love.”
― Yann Martel

“Let people embrace their elected god or let them create one if they feel inspired. In case some want to share, it may be fun but if they don’t fancy the concept, they should be free to recant. (“Is Heaven a place in the sky?”)”
― Erik Pevernagie

“the body is wiser than its inhabitants. the body is the soul. the body is god’s messenger.”
― Erica Jong

“The ancients were afraid that if they went to the end of the earth they would fall off and be consumed by dragons. But once we understand that Christianity is true to what is there, true to the ultimate environment - the infinite, personal God who is really there - then our minds are freed. We can pursue any question and can be sure that we will not fall off the end of the earth.”
― Francis Schaeffer, Art & the Bible

“We are beautiful because we are sons and daughters of God, not because we look a certain way.”
― Kate Wicker, Weightless: Making Peace with Your Body

“Anything beyond the limits and grasp of the human mind is either illusion or futility; and because your god having to be one or the other of the two, in the first instance I should be mad to believe in him, and in the second a fool.”
― Marquis De Sade

“I love to walk. Walking is a spiritual journey and a reflection of living. Each of us must determine which path to take and how far to walk; we must find our own way, what is right for one may not be for another. There is no single right way to deal with late stage cancer, to live life or approach death, or to walk an old mission trail.”
― Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...

“God didn’t give fear a body. God gave love a body.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“God made you the way He wanted you to be and He does not make mistakes. He has a plan for your life that is much bigger than you can imagine.”
― Michele Woolley, God's Favor - Breath Of Heaven

“Omnipotent-benevolent simply means that God is all-powerful and well-meaning.'
'I understand the concept. It's just . . . there seems to be a contradiction.'
'Yes. The contradiction is pain. Man's starvation, war, sickness . . .'
'Exactly!' Chartrand knew the camerlengo would understand. 'Terrible things happen in this world. Human tragedy seems like proof that God could not possibly be both all-powerful and well-meaning. If He loves us and has the power to change our situation, He would prevent our pain, wouldn't He?'
The camerlengo frowned. 'Would He?'
Chartrand felt uneasy. Had he overstepped his bounds? Was this one of those religious questions you just didn't ask? 'Well . . . if God loves us, and He can protect us, He would have to. It seems He is either omnipotent and uncaring, or benevolent and powerless to help.'
'Do you have children, Lieutenant?'
Chartrand flushed. 'No, signore.'
'Imagine you had an eight-year-old son . . . would you love him?'
'Of course.'
'Would you let him skateboard?'
Chartrand did a double take. The camerlengo always seemed oddly "in touch" for a clergyman. 'Yeah, I guess,' Chartrand said. 'Sure, I'd let him skateboard, but I'd tell him to be careful.'
'So as this child's father, you would give him some basic, good advice and then let him go off and make his own mistakes?'
'I wouldn't run behind him and mollycoddle him if that's what you mean.'
'But what if he fell and skinned his knee?'
'He would learn to be more careful.'
The camerlengo smiled. 'So although you have the power to interfere and prevent your child's pain, you would choose to show your love by letting him learn his own lessons?'
'Of course. Pain is part of growing up. It's how we learn.'
The camerlengo nodded. 'Exactly.”
― Dan Brown, Angels & Demons

“God is not interested in your art but, your heart.”
― Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha

“Charity even for one person does not make sense except in terms of an effort to love all Creation in response to the Creator's love for it.”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“All of a sudden, we’ve lost a lot of control,’ he said. ‘We can’t turn off our internet; we can’t turn off our smartphones; we can’t turn off our computers. You used to ask a smart person a question. Now, who do you ask? It starts with g-o, and it’s not God…”
― Steve Wozniak

“I want to be with God all the time. But I don't want to be a monk, or totally give up worldly pleasures. I guess what i want to learn is how to live in this world and enjoy its delights, but also devote myself to God.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert

“I don't know whether I believe in God or not. I think, really, I'm some kind of a Buddhist. But the essential thing is to put oneself in a frame of mind which is close to that of prayer.”
― Henri Matisse

“I wonder sometimes what the memory of God looks like. Is it a palace of infinite rooms, a chest of many jeweled objects, a long, lonely landscape where each tree recalls an eon, each pebble the life of a man? Where do I live, in the memory of God?”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Habitation of the Blessed

“I don't think it is a good mental health practice to fantasize that you know the infinite thoughts of imaginary entities.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“You are angry at the God you were taught to believe in as a child. The God who is supposed to watch over you and protect you, who answers your prayers and forgives your sins. This God is just a story. Religions try to capture God, but God is beyond religion. The true God lies beyond our comprehension. We can't understand His will; He can't be explained in a book. He didn't abandon us and He will not save us. He has nothing to do with our being here. God does not change. He simply is. I don't pray to God for forgiveness or favors, I only pray to be closer to Him, and when I pray, I fill my heart with love. When I pray this way, I know that God is love. When I feel that love, I remember that we don't need angels or a heaven, because we are a part of God already.”
― Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes

“If it’s not one god it’s another. Allah or oil. Jesus or Jewels. Lenin or lust.”
― Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies

“It is impossible to see how good work might be accomplished by people who think that our life in this world either signifies nothing or has only a negative significance.
If, on the other hand, we believe that we are living souls, God's dust and God's breath, acting our parts among other creatures all made of the same dust and breath as ourselves; and if we understand that we are free, within the obvious limits of moral human life, to do evil or good to ourselves and to the other creatures - then all our acts have a supreme significance. If it is true that we are living souls and morally free, then all of us are artists. All of us are makers, within mortal terms and limits, of our lives, of one another's lives, of things we need and use...
If we think of ourselves as living souls, immortal creatures, living in the midst of a Creation that is mostly mysterious, and if we see that everything we make or do cannot help but have an everlasting significance for ourselves, for others, and for the world, then we see why some religious teachers have understood work as a form of prayer...
Work connects us both to Creation and to eternity. (pg. 316, Christianity and the Survival of Creation)”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“He had discovered that there was not just one God but many, and some were more than cruel — they were insane, and that changed all. Cruelty, after all, was understandable. With insanity, however, there was no arguing.”
― Stephen King, Misery

“He was a wise man who invented God.”
― Plato

“God hides the fires of hell within paradise.”
― Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept

“But no matter how much evil I see, I think it’s important for everyone to understand that there is much more light than darkness.”
― Robert Uttaro, To the Survivors: One Man's Journey as a Rape Crisis Counselor with True Stories of Sexual Violence

“القرآن هادي البشرية ومرشدها ونور الحياة ودستورها ، ما من شيء احتاجه البشر إلا بيَّنه اللَّه فيه نصًا أو إشارة أو إيماءً ، عَلِمه مَنْ عَلِمه ، وجهله من جهله”
― محمد متولي الشعراوي, كيف تقرأ القرآن الكريم وتحفظه

“By Hays' reasoning, penetrating a rectum with a penis is a violation of how God meant humans to function. However, penetrating a human body with a sword, a common way to kill people in biblical times, is acceptable. Apparently human bodies were designed to be penetrated by metal implements, but not by flesh.”
― Hector Avalos

“God will never disappoint us… If deep in our hearts we suspect that God does not love us and cannot manage our affairs as well as we can, we certainly will not submit to His discipline. …To the unbeliever the fact of suffering only convinces him that God is not to be trusted, does not love us. To the believer, the opposite is true.”
― Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender

“You never enjoy the world aright, till the Sea itself floweth in your veins, till you are clothed with the heavens, and crowned with the stars: and perceive yourself to be the sole heir of the whole world, and more than so, because men are in it who are every one sole heirs as well as you. Till you can sing and rejoice and delight in God, as misers do in gold, and Kings in sceptres, you never enjoy the world.

Till your spirit filleth the whole world, and the stars are your jewels; till you are as familiar with the ways of God in all Ages as with your walk and table: till you are intimately acquainted with that shady nothing out of which the world was made: till you love men so as to desire their happiness, with a thirst equal to the zeal of your own: till you delight in God for being good to all: you never
enjoy the world.”
― Thomas Traherne, Centuries Of Meditations

“When you come to look into this argument from design, it is a most astonishing thing that people can believe that this world, with all the things that are in it, with all its defects, should be the best that omnipotence and omniscience have been able to produce in millions of years. I really cannot believe it. Do you think that, if you were granted omnipotence and omniscience and millions of years in which to perfect your world, you could produce nothing better than the Ku Klux Klan or the Fascists? Moreover, if you accept the ordinary laws of science, you have to suppose that human life and life in general on this planet will die out in due course: it is a stage in the decay of the solar system; at a certain stage of decay you get the sort of conditions of temperature and so forth which are suitable to protoplasm, and there is life for a short time in the life of the whole solar system. You see in the moon the sort of thing to which the earth is tending -- something dead, cold, and lifeless.”
― Bertrand Russell

“You and I were created by God to be so much more than normal…Following the crowd is not a winning approach to life. In the end it’s a loser’s game, because we never become who God created us to be by trying to be like everybody else.”
― Tim Tebow, Through My Eyes

“If your heart takes more pleasure in reading novels, or watching TV, or going to the movies, or talking to friends, rather than just sitting alone with God and embracing Him, sharing His cares and His burdens, weeping and rejoicing with Him, then how are you going to handle forever and ever in His presence...? You'd be bored to tears in heaven, if you're not ecstatic about God now! ”
― Keith Green

“While the impostor draws his identity from past achievements and the adulation of others, the true self claims identity in its belovedness. We encounter God in the ordinariness of life: not in the search for spiritual highs and extraordinary, mystical experiences but in our simple presence in life.”
― Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging

“The Prophets Isaiah and Ezekiel dined with me, and I asked them how they dared so roundly to assert, that God spoke to them; and whether they did not think at the time, that they would be misunderstood, & so be the cause of imposition.

Isaiah answer'd, I saw no God, nor heard any, in a finite organical perception; but my senses discover'd the infinite in every thing, and as I was then persuaded, & remain confirm'd; that the voice of honest indignation is the voice of God, I cared not for consequences but wrote.”
― William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell

“I testify that He is utterly incomparable in what He is, what He knows, what He has accomplished and what He has experienced. Yet, movingly, He calls us His Friends”
― Neal A. Maxwell

“God leads us. God will do the right thing at the right time. And what a difference that makes.”
― Max Lucado, Traveling Light: Releasing the Burdens You Were Never Intended to Bear

“الصدف ما بتتحكمش في حياتك لإنك مش صدفة، إنت نفسك قدر.”
― أحمد العسيلي, كتاب مالوش اسم

“To love someone is to desire and work toward their becoming the best version of themselves. The one person in all the universe who can do this perfectly for you is God.”
― John Ortberg, The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You

“wonder what day god created the egg' 'how should we know? we should not question. our stay on earth is not for long. let us rejoice and believe and give thanks'. 'eat a egg”
― Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises

“Here's another way to put it: You're here to be light, bringing out the God-colors in the world. God is not a secret to be kept. We're going public with this, as public as a city on a hill. If I make you light-bearers, you don't think I'm going to hide you under a bucket, do you? I'm putting you on a light stand. Now that I've put you there on a hilltop, on a light stand—shine! Keep open house; be generous with your lives. By opening up to others, you'll prompt people to open up with God, this generous Father in heaven.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version

“Happiness is inseparably connected with decent, clean behavior. ”
― Boyd K. Packer

“No one can serve two masters. Either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and Money.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Supposing that originally there was nothing but one creator, how could ordinary binary sexual relations come into being?”
― Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash

“It's time we capture our imaginations for Christ”
― Peter E. Gillquist, Becoming Orthodox: A Journey to the Ancient Christian Faith

“Define the word exist, and you'll know whether God exists.”
― Bill Gaede, Why God Doesn't Exist

“The test of faith is whether I can make space for difference. Can I recognize God's image in someone who is not in my image, who language, faith, ideal, are different from mine? If I cannot, then I have made God in my image instead of allowing him to remake me in his.”
― Jonathan Sacks, The Dignity of Difference: How to Avoid the Clash of Civilizations

“Christianity is not about how much faith you have. Its about Who your faith is in.”
― Mike Donahey

“Could there be any doubt that the Jews would seek to harm the Son of God again, knowing that his body was now readily accessible in the form of defenseless crackers?”
― Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason

“If there's one thing I've learned, it's that God is a very creative author, and He writes a different story for every person. No two lives or stories alike.”
― Robin Jones Gunn, With This Ring

“სამხრეთის კედელზე მაცხოვრის ერთადერტი თვალდახრილი და სახედაფხეკილი ფრესკის ქვეშ ვიღაც ლაზღანდარა ათეისტს მუშაირა ჰქონდა გამართული თვითონ მაცხოვართან.
უცხვირპირო და უთვალო,
როგორ გიწამო, უფალო?!-
კომკავშირელი ათეისტი. ასე აწერდა ხელს ლექსის ატორი. ცოტა ქვევით უფლის პასუხი იყო, ასევე ლურსმნით ამოკაწრული:
კომკავშირელო, თუ არ გწამს,
სახარება და ღმერთიო,
ამ სიმაღლეზე მეორედ,
გთხოვ, აღარ ამოეთრიო!-
იესო ქრისტე. ასე აწერდა ხელს პასუხის ავტორი.”
― Nodar Dumbadze, მარადისობის კანონი

“We are human, and we suffer, and unlike the animals on the farm, we are self-aware, and we know that we suffer, and it doesn't hurt more or less if God caused it or could stop it, at least for me. I am definitely of the school that believes God has bigger stuff to worry about than me.”
― Jon Katz

“Tell me I'm a sinner I got news for you
I spoke to God this morning and he don't like you!
Don't you try and teach me no original sin;
I don't need your pity for the shape I'm in”
― Ozzy Osbourne, Ozzy Osbourne - No More Tears

“Far better it is for you to say: "I am a sinner," than to say: "I have no need of religion." The empty can be filled, but the self-intoxicated have no room for God.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary

“For those who feel their lives are a grave disappointment to God, it requires enormous trust and reckless, raging confidence to accept that the love of Jesus Christ knows no shadow of alteration or change. When Jesus said, "Come to me, all you who labor and are heavy burdened," He assumed we would grow weary, discouraged, and disheartened along the way. These words are a touching testimony to the genuine humanness of Jesus. He had no romantic notion of the cost of discipleship. He knew that following Him was as unsentimental as duty, as demanding as love.”
― Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out

“Never doubt God in the darkness what he has given us in the light.”
― Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind

“You must know that you are worth much to me whether you accomplish anything or not. Even if you are rejected in the world's eyes, you are valuable to me.”
― Stormie Omartian, Stormie: A Story of Forgiveness and Healing

“God made everything out of nothing. But the nothingness shows through.”
― Paul Valéry

“I think God is a callous bitch not making me a lesbian. I'm deeply disappointed by my sexual interest in men.”
― Diamanda Galás

“I was not sure where I was going, and I could not see what I would do when I got [there]. But you saw further and clearer than I, and you opened the seas before my ship, whose track led me across the waters to a place I had never dreamed of, and which you were even then preparing to be my rescue and my shelter and my home.”
― Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain

“If God hadn't rested on Sunday, He would have had time to finish the world.”
― Gabriel Garcí­a Márquez

“A fish cannot drown in water,
A bird does not fall in air.
In the fire of creation,
God doesn't vanish:
The fire brightens.
Each creature God made
must live in its own true nature;
How could I resist my nature,
That lives for oneness with God?”
― Mechthild of Magdeburg, Meditations from Mechthild of Magdeburg

“But what of faith? What of fidelity and loyalty? Complete trust? Faith is not granted by tangible proof. It comes from the heart and the soul. If a person needs proof of god's existence, then the very notion of spirituality is diminished into sensuality and we have reduced what is holy into what is logical.-Drizzt Do'urden”
― R.A. Salvatore, Siege of Darkness

“Don't think you can frighten me by telling me that I am alone. France is alone. God is alone. And the loneliness of God is His strength.”
― George Bernard Shaw, Saint Joan

“The fear of God reigning in the heart is the beauty of the soul.”
― Matthew Henry

“To be a god can ultimately become boring and degrading. There'd be reason enough for the invention of free will! A god might wish to escape into sleep and be alive only in the unconscious projections of his dream-creatures.”
― Frank Herbert

“God is the reason I’m surviving, but he’s sure used you in my life wonderfully. I love you.”
― Esther Earl, This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl

“Only the hopeless love God.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution

“If you could really see that tree over there," Merlin said, "you would be so astounded that you'd fall over."
"Really? But why?" asked Arthur. "It's just a tree."
"No," Merlin said, "It's just a tree in your mind. To another mind it is an expression of infinite spirit and beauty. In God's mind it is a dear child, sweeter than anything you can imagine.”
― Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want

“If the people of Europe had known as much of astronomy and geology when the bible was introduced among them, as they do now, there never could have been one believer in the doctrine of inspiration. If the writers of the various parts of the bible had known as much about the sciences as is now known by every intelligent man, the book never could have been written. It was produced by ignorance, and has been believed and defended by its author. It has lost power in the proportion that man has gained knowledge. A few years ago, this book was appealed to in the settlement of all scientific questions; but now, even the clergy confess that in such matters, it has ceased to speak with the voice of authority. For the establishment of facts, the word of man is now considered far better than the word of God. In the world of science, Jehovah was superseded by Copernicus, Galileo, and Kepler. All that God told Moses, admitting the entire account to be true, is dust and ashes compared to the discoveries of Descartes, Laplace, and Humboldt. In matters of fact, the bible has ceased to be regarded as a standard. Science has succeeded in breaking the chains of theology. A few years ago, Science endeavored to show that it was not inconsistent with the bible. The tables have been turned, and now, Religion is endeavoring to prove that the bible is not inconsistent with Science. The standard has been changed.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses

“These are the three stages of enlightenment, the three glimpses of satori.

1. The first stage enlightenment:
A Glimpse of the Whole

The first stage of enlightenment is short glimpse from faraway of the whole. It is a short glimpse of being.
The first stage of enlightenment is when, for the first time, for a single moment the mind is not functioning. The ordinary ego is still present at the first stage of enlightenment, but you experience for a short while that there is something beyond the ego.
There is a gap, a silence and emptiness, where there is not thought between you and existence.
You and existence meet and merge for a moment.
And for the first time the seed, the thirst and longing, for enlightenment, the meeting between you and existence, will grow in your heart.

2. The second stage of enlightenment:
Silence, Relaxation, Togetherness, Inner Being

The second stage of enlightenment is a new order, a harmony, from within, which comes from the inner being. It is the quality of freedom.
The inner chaos has disappeared and a new silence, relaxation and togetherness has arisen.
Your own wisdom from within has arisen.
A subtle ego is still present in the second stage of enlightenment.
The Hindus has three names for the ego:
1. Ahamkar, which is the ordinary ego.
2. Asmita, which is the quality of Am-ness, of no ego. It is a very silent ego, not aggreessive, but it is still a subtle ego.
3. Atma, the third word is Atma, when the Am-ness is also lost. This is what Buddha callas no-self, pure being.
In the second stage of enlightenment you become capable of being in the inner being, in the gap, in the meditative quality within, in the silence and emptiness.
For hours, for days, you can remain in the gap, in utter aloneness, in God.
Still you need effort to remain in the gap, and if you drop the effort, the gap will disappear.
Love, meditation and prayer becomes the way to increase the effort in the search for God.
Then the second stage becomes a more conscious effort. Now you know the way, you now the direction.

3. The third stage of enlightenment:
Ocean, Wholeness, No-self, Pure being

At the third stage of enlightenment, at the third step of Satori, our individual river flowing silently, suddenly reaches to the Ocean and becomes one with the Ocean.
At the third Satori, the ego is lost, and there is Atma, pure being. You are, but without any boundaries. The river has become the Ocean, the Whole.
It has become a vast emptiness, just like the pure sky.
The third stage of enlightenment happens when you have become capable of finding the inner being, the meditative quality within, the gap, the inner silence and emptiness, so that it becomes a natural quality.
You can find the gap whenever you want.
This is what tantra callas Mahamudra, the great orgasm, what Buddha calls Nirvana, what Lao Tzu calls Tao and what Jesus calls the kingdom of God.
You have found the door to God.
You have come home.”
― Swami Dhyan Giten

“Gentleness is strength under control. It is the ability to stay calm, no matter what happens.”
― Elizabeth George

“When we lift our hands in praise and worship, we break spiritual jars of perfume over Jesus. The fragrance of our praise fills the whole earth and touches the heart of God.”
― dennis ignatius

“those who are afraid of freedom are those who cannot trust us to live in them. Trying to keep the law is actually a declaration of independence, a way of keeping control”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“Open your eyes that you might see that all things are possible through you (with God's help)”
― Robert A. Schuller

“I say to myself: "Who are you to measure infinite power?”
― Rousseau Jean-Jacques

“God does not patch up the old life,
or make certain repairs on the old life;
He gives a new life, through the new birth.”
― Kathryn Kuhlman

“Loss is only temporary when you believe in God!”
― Latoya Alston

“Is anything too hard for the Lord? (Genesis 18:14)”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Remember, that choosing to stay on the ground is a choice to facilitate a relationship, to honor it. You don't play a game or color a picture with a child to show your superiority. Rather, you choose to limit yourself so as to facilitate and honor that relationship... It is not about winning and losing, but about love and respect.”
― W. Paul Young, The Shack

“In God's eyes, walking on water is no more miraculous than the ability of hemoglobin to bond with oxygen inside a red blood corpuscle.”
― Deepak Chopra, Why Is God Laughing?: The Path to Joy and Spiritual Optimism

“JUST BECAUSE A BUNCH OF ATHEISTS ARE BETTER WRITERS THAN THE GUYS WHO WROTE THE BIBLE DOESN'T NECESSARILY MAKE THEM RIGHT!" [Owen Meany] said crossly. "LOOK AT THOSE WEIRDO TV MIRACLE-WORKERS--THEY'RE TRYING TO GET PEOPLE TO BELIEVE IN MAGIC! BUT THE REAL MIRACLES AREN'T ANYTHING YOU CAN SEE--THEY'RE THINGS YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE WITHOUT SEEING. IF SOME PREACHER'S AN ASSHOLE, THAT'S NOT PROOF THAT GOD DOESN'T EXIST!”
― John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany

“Faith, in its most correct form, never removes responsibility; it removes fear of responsibility. The results are complete opposites with the greater saying, 'God's will is my delight.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“I'm only a tool, beloved. Not your Savior”
― Francine Rivers, Redeeming Love

“Once I was free in the shackles of sin:
Free to be tempted, just bound to give in;
Free to be captive to any desire;
Free to eternally burn in hell’s fire.
‘Til Someone bought me and called me His slave:
Bound by commands I am free to obey;
Captive by beauty I’m free to adore--
Sentenced to sit at His feet evermore.”
― John MacArthur

“We live by revelation, as Christians, as artists, which means we must be careful never to get set into rigid molds. The minute we begin to think we know all the answers, we forget the questions, and we become smug like the Pharisee who listed all his considerable virtues, and thanked God that he was not like other men.

Unamuno might be describing the artist as well as the Christian as he writes, "Those who believe they believe in God, but without passion in the heart, without anguish of mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, and even at times without despair, believe only in the idea of God, and not in God himself.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art

“How often the priest had heard the same confession--Man was so limited: he hadn't even the ingenuity to invent a new vice: the animals knew as much. It was for this world that Christ had died: the more evil you saw and heard about you, the greater the glory lay around the death; it was too easy to die for what was good or beautiful, for home or children or civilization--it needed a God to die for the half-hearted and the corrupt.”
― Graham Greene, The Power and the Glory

“It is interesting that Hindus, when they speak of the creation of the universe do not call it the work of God, they call it the play of God, the Vishnu lila, lila meaning play. And they look upon the whole manifestation of all the universes as a play, as a sport, as a kind of dance — lila perhaps being somewhat related to our word lilt”
― Alan Watts, Zen and the Beat Way

“For in Paris, whenever God puts a pretty woman there (the streets), the Devil, in reply, immediately puts a fool to keep her.”
― Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Les Diaboliques

“Our identity rests in God's relentless tenderness for us revealed in Jesus Christ.”
― Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging

“Common sense is no match for the voice of God.”
― Jon Krakauer, Under the Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith

“Philosophers can debate the meaning of life, but you need a Lord who can declare the meaning of life.”
― Max Lucado, Traveling Light: Releasing the Burdens You Were Never Intended to Bear

“This was not the time to say “I don’t know.” The brothers had begging, hungry looks, like dogs waiting to be fed. They wanted an answer. It would be nice if it was the right answer, but if it couldn’t be, then any answer would do, because then we would stop being worried...and then his mind caught alight.

That’s what the gods are! An answer that will do! Because there’s food to be caught and babies to be born and life to be lived and so there is no time for big, complicated, and worrying answers! Please give us a simple answer, so that we don’t have to think, because if we think, we might find answers that don’t fit the way we want the world to be.”
― Terry Pratchett, Nation

“We live in a world that is beyond our control, and life is in a constant flux of change. So we have a decision to make: keep trying to control a storm that is not going to go away or start learning how to live within the rain.”
― Glenn Pemberton, Hurting with God

“One must love God first, and only then can one love one's closest of kin and neighbors. We must not be idols to one another, for such is not the will of God.”
― Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives: The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica

“Your current circumstances are part of your redemption story He is writing.”
― Evinda Lepins

“As fallible humans, we usually slip too far over one edge or the other - all wrath and judgment or all grace and love.”
― Eric Wilson, A Shred of Truth

“O child of God, be more careful to keep the way of the Lord, more concentrated in heart in seeking His glory, and you will see the loving-kindness and the tender mercy of the Lord in your life.”
― Charles Spurgeon, Grace: God's Unmerited Favor

“Your angel cannot protect you against that which neither god nor the devil had made”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel

“I see the glass half full and thank God for what I have.”
― Ana Monnar

“Our Father who art in nature, who has given the gift of survival to the coyote, the common brown rat, the English sparrow, the house fly and the moth, must have a great and overwhelming love for no-goods and blots-on-the-town and bums, and Mack and the boys. Virtues and graces and laziness and zest. Our Father who art in nature.”
― John Steinbeck, Cannery Row

“But what if you're wrong?
What if there's more?
What if there's hope you never dreamed of hoping for?
What if you jump?
And just close your eyes?
What if the arms that catch you, catch you by surprise?
What if He's more than enough?
What if it's love?”
― Nichole Nordeman

“Now he haunts me seldom: some fierce umbilical is broken,
I live with my own fragile hopes and sudden rising despair.
Now I do not weep for my sins; I have learned to love them
And to know that they are the wounds that make love real.
His face illudes me; his voice, with its pity, does not ring in my ear.
His maxims memorized in boyhood do not make fruitless and pointless my experience.
I walk alone, but not so terrified as when he held my hand.
I do not splash in the blood of his son
nor hear the crunch of nails or thorns piercing protesting flesh.
I am a boy again--I whose boyhood was turned to manhood in a brutal myth.
Now wine is only wine with drops that do not taste of blood.
The bread I eat has too much pride for transubstantiation,
I, too--and together the bread and I embrace,
Each grateful to be what we are, each loving from our own reality.”
― James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves

“Because your steadfast love is better than life, my lips will praise you.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Ultimately, totalitarianism is the only sort of politics that can truly serve the sky-god's purpose. Any movement of a liberal nature endangers his authority and that of his delegates on earth. One God, one King, one Pope, one master in the factory, one father-leader in the family at home.”
― Gore Vidal

“The will of God is sweet tonight, altogether ‘good and acceptable and perfect.’ The considerate love of the Lord Jesus for us seems such a kind thing now. I know it has always been so, but somehow I didn’t see how wise it was when it didn’t seem kind… Remind me of this when I cannot regard His love as considerate some time.”
― Jim Elliot

“God is so immense that if he were 'too visible,' people would give forced compliance without expressing their heart. So God made it possible, in enormous love, for us to live as if he were not there.”
― John Ortberg, The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You

“True happiness is not found in any other reward than that of being united with God. If I seek some other reward besides God Himself, I may get my reward but I cannot be happy.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“The vibrations on the air are the breath of God speaking to man's soul. Music is the language of God. We musicians are as close to God as man can be. We hear his voice, we read his lips, we give birth to the children of God, who sing his praise. That's what musicians are.”
― Stephen J. Rivele

“When I see God I see Beauty, I see Love, I see Joy, I see Peace and I see You. God loves us let us love one another.”
― E'yen A. Gardner

“He flashed the warmest smile I'd ever seen, and my heart felt comforted. Maybe D.J. saw my insecurities, my fears. Maybe he knew God still had a lot of work to do in my life before I'd be good girlfriend material.
Or maybe, just maybe, he saw beyond all that and simply wanted to flirt with the wedding coordinator instead of rehearse for the big night.
I did my best to relax...and let him.”
― Janice Thompson, Fools Rush In

“Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does, the better.”
― André Gide

“On the subject of who is to blame for our disunity - “The easy conclusion- that
the devil is at work trying to destroy the church- is true, but itʼs not the whole story. Of
course the enemy is at work doing that. But closer examination shows that much of
the blame falls squarely on the shoulders of the church itself-on believers in god-and
how our own devilish deeds have alienated other followers of God. Sadly, weʼve done
the devilʼs work for him.”
― Ed Galisewski

“When I lay these questions before God I get no answer. But a rather special sort of 'No answer.' It is not the locked door. It is more like a silent, certainly not uncompassionate, gaze. As though He shook His head not in refusal but waiving the question. Like, 'Peace, child; you don't understand.”
― C.S. Lewis

“There's a lot of pride involved in my refusal to believe in god.”
― Orhan Pamuk, Snow

“Never forget that there are only two philosophies to rule your life: the one of the cross, which starts with the fast and ends with the feast. The other of Satan, which starts with the feast and ends with the headache.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary

“And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“It was no accident, no coincidence, that the seasons came round and round year after year. It was the Lord speaking to us all and showing us over and over again the birth, life, death, and resurrection of his only begotten Son, our Savior, Jesus Christ, our Lord. It was like a best-loved story being told day after day with each sunrise and sunset, year after year with the seasons, down through the ages since time began.”
― Francine Rivers, The Last Sin Eater

“My lack of faith in God is not a dilapidated house.
It does not need to be razed to the ground or burned down to cinders.
I refuse to be the wounded woman on a cross
that you crucify with your disapproval like nails;
I will only be the woman who believes in thunderstorms
the same way lightning loves the tops of trees it strikes
every time it gets tired of being pent up in an unforgiving sky,
the only difference is that I believe these are natural weather phenomenons,
not God’s belly rumbling or synapses firing.
When my doorway is filled with groups of people
wielding religious conversion pamphlets like crossbows,
I will be the martyr who steps aside to let the arrows
crack through the plaster in my wall instead of piercing my chest.
This is not a eulogy to the believer I could have been.
This is a battle cry to the believer I always have been,
believer in sunsets like splashes of paint, handholding
like willow branches brushing one another, new mornings
after old nights spent drowning in despair, believer
in love as an entire language instead of a single word.
Just because my beliefs align themselves on a different spectrum
does not mean they are the wrong wavelength or color.
And even though I think the universe was created by the Big Bang
instead of a God with magic dust shooting from his fingertips,
my universe does not contain fewer stars.”
― Meggie Royer

“I want to help you to grow as beautiful as God meant you to be when He thought of you first.”
― George MacDonald

“But I don't understand God. I don't understand how he could see the way people treat one another, and not chalk up the whole human race as a bad idea.”
― Jim Butcher, Grave Peril

“Oh,' the priest said, 'that's another thing altogether - God is love. I don't say the heart doesn't feel a taste of it, but what a taste. The smallest glass of love mixed with a pint pot of ditch-water. We wouldn't recognize that love. It might even look like hate. It would be enough to scare us - God's love. It set fire to a bush in the desert, didn't it, and smashed open graves and set the dead walking in the dark. Oh, a man like me would run a mile to get away if he felt that love around.”
― Graham Greene, The Power and the Glory

“On my honor, I will do my best
To do my duty To God and my country”
― Boy Scouts of America

“You view the gods as entities without," Montolio tried to explain. "You see them as physical beings trying to control our actions for their own ends, and thus you, in your stubborn independance, reject them. The gods are within, I say, whether one has named his own or not. You have followed Mielikki all your life, Drizzt. You merely never had a name to put on your heart.”
― R.A. Salvatore, Sojourn

“If God were not only to hear our prayers, as he does ever and always, but to answer them as we want them answered, he would not be God our Saviour but the ministering genius of our destruction.”
― George MacDonald, Weighed and Wanting

“God wants to rescue us, not destroy us. You don't have to be afraid of being happy, thinking that he wants to take that happiness away from you That's not who he is." "How can you be sure?" "Because when you've had a taste of goodness, it helps you recognize the difference between good and evil. I believe that people like Grace and St. Francis and a whole host of other kind, loving people show us what God is like. He isn't waiting to punish you and he doesn't give you blessings just to strip them away.”
― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Redemption

“God wasn't love, couldn't be love. Because for me, love was a corpse.”
― Ellen Hopkins, Burned

“All love on this earth involves choice. When, for example, a young man expresses his love to a young woman and asks her to become his wife, he is not just making an affirmation of love; he is also negating his love for anyone else. In that one act by which he chooses her, he rejects all that is not her. There is no other real way in which to prove we love a thing than by choosing it in preference to something else. Word and signs of love may be, and often are, expressions of egotism or passion; but deeds are proofs of love. We can prove we love our Lord only by choosing Him in preference to anything else.”
― Fulton J. Sheen

“For the alchemist the one primarily in need of redemption is not man, but the deity who is lost and sleeping in matter. Only as a secondary consideration does he hope that some benefit may accrue to himself from the transformed substance as the panacea, the medicina catholica, just as it may to the imperfect bodies, the base or "sick" metals, etc. His attention is not directed to his own salvation through God's grace, but to the liberation of God from the darkness of matter.”
― C.G. Jung

“I perceived or thought of the Light of God and in it suspended one small mote (or millions of motes to only one of which was my small mind directed), glittering white because of the individual ray from the Light which both held and lit it...And the ray was the Guardian Angel of the mote: not a thing interposed between God and the creature, but God's very attention itself, personalized...This is a finite parallel to the Infinite. As the love of the Father and Son (who are infinite and equal) is a Person, so the love and attention of the Light to the Mote is a person (that is both with us and in Heaven): finite but divine, i.e. angelic.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien

“You know how it goes:
at some point in your life,
you fell in love with someone
and had a glimpse of God.
Then you abandoned life and lover
and started celebrating
your love for God.”
― Kamand Kojouri

“The spirit of bondage works by fear for the slave fears the rod: but love cries, Abba, Father; it disposes us to go to God, and behave ourselves towards God as children; and it gives us clear evidence of our union to God as His children, and so casts out fear. So that it appears that the witness of the Spirit the apostle speaks of, is far from being any whisper, or immediate suggestion or revelation; but that gracious holy effect of the Spirit of God in the hearts of the saints, the disposition and temper of children, appearing in sweet childlike love to God, which casts out fear or a spirit of a slave.”
― Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections

“Our assholes will be clean but we must never wash our hands. Our immune systems will be strengthened by our being dirty. Not filthy. Just mildly grimy. Filthy fingernails have always been a favorite fashion accessory of mine. Especially when you place your hands in the prayer positions. Matter of fact, I urge all my followers to forgo nail polish permanently and replace it with expertly applied soot. The nonexistent gods above will ignore our prayers better this way.”
― John Waters, Role Models

“All was in God's plan, and he had to accept even as he didn't understand.”
― Barbara Cameron, A Time to Love

“To believe in God or in a guiding force because someone tells you to is the height of stupidity. We are given senses to receive our information within. With our own eyes we see, and with our own skin we feel. With our intelligence, it is intended that we understand. But each person must puzzle it out for himself or herself.”
― Sophy Burnham

“One by one, these disciples would infect the nations with grace. It wasn't a call to take the sword or the throne and force the world to bow. Rather, they were to live the contagious love of God, to woo the nations into a new future.”
― Shane Claiborne, Jesus for President: Politics for Ordinary Radicals

“You thought you had the choice to stay still or move forward, but your didn't. As long as your heart kept pumping an your blood kept blowing and your lungs kept filling, you didn't. The pang she felt for Tibby carried something like envy. You couldn't stand still for anything short of death, and God knew she had tried.”
― Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting

“All right, God, say that You are really there. You have put me in this fix. You want to test me. Suppose I test You? Suppose I say that You are not there? You've given me a supreme test with my parents and with these boils. I think that I have passed Your test. I am tougher than You. If You will come down here right now, I will spit into Your face, if You have a face. And do You shit? The priest never answered that question. He told us not to doubt. Doubt what? I think that You have been picking on me too much so I am asking You to come down here so I can put You to the test! I waited. Nothing. I waited for God. I waited and waited. I believe I slept.”
― Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye

“In moments of prayer, people tend to pose as a critic and point out percieved flaws in God's art.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“You are not limited to this body, to this mind, or to this reality—you are a limitless ocean of Consciousness, imbued with infinite potential. You are existence itself.”
― Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom

“God is an hypothesis, and, as such, stands in need of proof: the onus probandi rests on the theist.”
― Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Necessity of Atheism and Other Essays

“The Buddhists or the Jains do not depend upon God; but the whole force of their religion is directed to the great central truth in every religion, to evolve a God out of man. They have not seen the Father, but they have seen the Son. And he that hath seen the Son hath seen the Father also.”
― Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda, 9 Vols.

“was it scripted by God or I am playing with my life.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory

“God saves - but not now, and not here. His salvation is on layaway. Like all grifters, He asks you to pay now and take it on faith that you will receive later. Whereas women offer a different sort of salvation, more immediate and fulfilling. They don't put off their love for a distant, ill-defined eternity but make a gift of it in the here and now, frequently to those who deserve it least. So it was in my case. So it is for many. The devil and woman have been allies against God from the beginning...”
― Joe Hill, Horns

“Optimism hopes for the best without any guarantee of its arriving and is often no more than whistling in the dark. Christian hope, by contrast, is faith looking ahead to the fulfillment of the promises of God, as when the Anglican burial service inters the corpse 'in sure and certain hope of the Resurrection to eternal life, through our Lord Jesus Christ.' Optimism is a wish without warrant; Christian hope is a certainty, guaranteed by God himself. Optimism reflects ignorance as to whether good things will ever actually come. Christian hope expresses knowledge that every day of his life, and every moment beyond it, the believer can say with truth, on the basis of God's own commitment, that the best is yet to come.”
― J. I. Packer

“Let my worship be within the heart that rejoices,
for behold, all acts of love and pleasure are my rituals.
Therefore, let there be beauty and strength,
power and compassion, honor and humility,
mirth and reverence within you.”
― Doreen Valiente, Charge of the Goddess: The Mother of Modern Witchcraft

“I know there is a God because in Rwanda I shook hands with the devil. I have seen him, I have smelled him and I have touched him. I know the devil exists and therefore I know there is a God.”
― Roméo Dallaire, Shake Hands With The Devil

“We are not sheep or cows. God didn’t create fences for us or boundaries to contain our nationalities. Man did. God didn’t draw up religious barriers to separate us from each other. Man did. And on top of that, no father would like to see his children fighting or killing each other. The Creator favors the man who spreads loves over the man who spreads hate. A religious title does not make anyone more superior over another. If a kind man stands by his conscience and exhibits truth in his words and actions, he will stand by God regardless of his faith. If mankind wants to evolve, we must learn from our past mistakes. If not, our technology will evolve without us.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“God created heaven on earth but man created hell.”
― Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday

“We should fix ourselves firmly in the presence of God by conversing all the time with Him...we should feed our soul with a lofty conception of God and from that derive great joy in being his. We should put life in our faith. We should give ourselves utterly to God in pure abandonment, in temporal and spiritual matters alike, and find contentment in the doing of His will,whether he takes us through sufferings or consolations. ”
― Brother Lawrence

“This is one reason people need to believe in God—because we want someone to know us, truly, all the way through, even the worst of us.”
― Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing

“It don't matter if you believe in God Nick, he believes in you.”
― Stephen King, The Stand

“You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“He realized now he was only just beginning to see the full extent to which it was his destiny to follow, to walk blindly into fates he could never understand. In fate there was reward, in turning over one's heart to God there was a magnificence that lay beyond description. At the moment one is sure that all is lost, look at what is gained!”
― Ann Patchett, Bel Canto

“Don’t you know what god is? God is everything and God is nothing; for the perfection created by man cannot be anything other than nothing. They decided to give a name to nothingness, and thereby the made it become something. Like you… God, who is nothing, can no longer be nothing since he is God. You could be a god for men. They need to give a body to nothingness so that nothingness can be seen and touched-at least with the imagination.”
― Aldo Palazzeschi, Man of Smoke

“The choices we’re working with here are a block universe, where past, present and future all coexist simultaneously and everything has already happened; chaos, where anything can happen and nothing can be predicted because we can’t know all the variables; and a Christian universe in which God made everything and it’s all here for a purpose but we have free will anyway.”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“He is not apprehended by reason, but by life.”
― Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth . . . Then he said, "Let there be light." Which means he made the entire universe in the dark! How fucking good is that? He's brilliant.”
― Ricky Gervais

“They's a heap more to God's will than death, disapoint-ment, and like thet. Hit's God's will for us to be good and do good, love one another, be forgivin'..." He laughed. "I reckon I ain't very forgivin', son. I can forgive a fool, but I ain't inner-rested in coddlin' hypocrites. Well anyhow, folks who think God's will jest has to do with sufferin' and dyin', they done missed the whole point.”
― Olive Ann Burns, Cold Sassy Tree

“One must pray first, but afterwards one must help oneself. God does not care for cowards.
--"Wanda”
― Ouida

“Christianity was not meant to be a weapon or an argument or a show of force or a political tool. Or an act of aggression or coercion. It was never meant to be a cause or a prop for a cause. Or something to pacify and make thousands go to bed happy and unthinking. It was meant to be a challenge, yes, but that challenge to a second life was meant to be laced with kindness. If someone forces you to choose between God is holy and God is love choose God is love because holiness without love translates into tyranny.”
― Murray Pura

“In the end, what will you fight for-- what got there first, what got there last or what has been there all along?”
― Shannon L. Alder

“The Lord is close to the brokenhearted; which means that if the rest of us want to get close to God, we seek them out-not because of what we could possible offer them, as if we're the spiritual first responders on the scene to save the day, but because we recognize how much they have to teach us about who God really is." -Quoted by Sarah Arthur, Author of The One Year Daily Grind.”
― Sarah Arthur, The One Year Daily Grind

“Even when you don't see Him working, He's busy working on your behalf. Forever grateful for God's grace!”
― Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried: A Memoir

“It's tragic that extremists co-opt the notion of God, and that hipsters and artists reject spirituality out of hand. I don't have a fixed idea of God. But I feel that it's us - the messed-up, the half-crazy, the burning, the questing - that need God, a lot more than the goody-two-shoes do.”
― Mike Doughty

“In a well-functioning democracy, the state constitution is considered more important than God's holy book, whichever holy book that may be, and God matters only in your private life.”
― Ayaan Hirsi Ali, The Caged Virgin: An Emancipation Proclamation for Women and Islam

“You are a child of mine,
Born of my own design,
And you bear the hard of life.
No matter where you go,
Oh, you will always know,
That you've been made free in Christ,
And you are a child of mine! ”
― Mark Schultz

“[When it comes to God] We can't run out of second chances...only time.”
― Robin Jones Gunn

“I sit and ponder my existence: how I'm here, what put me here in these thoughts, these feelings, birthed from a timeless sleep, what it felt like, or rather the lack thereof, to not have been and now to 'be', and suddenly, I realize how absurd I am to exist, the fragility in my understanding of existence; I then wonder why the supernatural, the thought of other beings, of God or of gods, must be distinctly absurd - by which I am no longer sure. 'If I exist and I have made myself absurd to me, then why not they exist while merely believed absurd by me?' Perhaps it is true that in a wandering head, one full of wonders, the natural becomes supernatural and the supernatural becomes preternatural (or rational within the sights of discovery and explanation), just as the return home after a life-long journey feels, for a moment, foreign after the many experiences.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Why do some persons 'find' God in a way that others do not? Why does God manifest His Presence to some and let multitudes of others struggle along in the half-light of imperfect Christian experience? Of course the will of God is the same for all. He has no favorites within His household. All He has ever done for any of His children He will do for all of His children. The difference lies not with God but with us.”
― A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God: The Human Thirst for the Divine

“And if there is no god?
You act as if there is, and it's the same thing.”
― Janet Fitch, White Oleander

“If you were meant to cure cancer or crack cold fusion and you don't do it, you not only hurt yourself, even destroy yourself. You hurt your children, you hurt me, you hurt the planet. You shame the angels who watch over you and you spite God Almighty, who created you and only you with your unique gifts, for the sole purpose of nudging the human race one millimeter further along its path back to God.”
― Stephen Pressfield

“These thoughts are depressing I know. They are depressing,
I wish I was more cheerful, it is more pleasant,
Also it is a duty, we should smile as well as submitting
To the purpose of One Above who is experimenting
With various mixtures of human character which goes best,
All is interesting for him it is exciting, but not for us.
There I go again. Smile, smile, and get some work to do
Then you will be practically unconscious without positively having to go.”
― Stevie Smith, Collected Poems

“Every word, every image used for God is a distortion more than a description.”
― Anthony de Mello, One Minute Wisdom

“Coincidence is God's way of being anonymous.”
― Laura Pedersen, Best Bet

“You got a God. Don't make no difference if you don' know what he looks like.”
― John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath

“It is only through us that God lives. When we abandon him, he dies.”
― David M. Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives

“I believe in God the way I believe in quarks. People whose business it is to know about quantum physics or religion tell me they have good reason to believe that quarks and God exist. And they tell me that if I wanted to devote my life to learning what they've learned, I'd find quarks and God just like they did.”
― Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow

“Even now, there are still days so beautiful, I almost believe in God.”
― Ann Hood, Comfort: A Journey Through Grief

“Do not forget, do not ever forget, that you have promised me to use the money to make yourself an honest man.'

Valjean, who did not recall having made any promise, was silent. The bishop had spoken the words slowly and deliberately. He concluded with a solemn emphasis:

Jean Valjean, my brother, you no longer belong to what is evil but to what is good. I have bought your soul to save it from black thoughts and the spirit of perdition, and I give it to God.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“If in my life I fail completely to heed others, solely out of a desire to be 'devout' and to perform my 'religious duties', then my relationship with God will also grow arid. It becomes merely 'proper', but loveless.”
― Pope Benedict XVI (Joseph Ratzinger), God Is Love: Deus Caritas Est

“May the God who gives endurance and encouragement
give you a spirit of unity among yourselves as you follow
Christ Jesus, so that with one heart and mouth you may
glorify the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Jeder für sich und Gott gegen alle”
― Werner Herzog

“Is the god the source, or is the god a human manner of conceiving of the force and energy that supports the world? In our tradition God is a male. This male and female differentiation is made, however, within the field of time and space, the field of duality. If God is beyond duality, you cannot say that God is a "He." You cannot say God is a "She." You cannot say God is an "It." (18)”
― Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor

“God is dead and I am his replacement.”
― J.D. Robb, Conspiracy in Death

“The logic of the Bible says: Act according to God's "will of command," not according to his "will of decree." God's "will of decree" is whatever comes to pass. "If the Lord wills, we will live and do this or that" (James 4:15). God's "will of decree" ordained that his Son be betrayed (Luke 22:22), ridiculed (Isaiah 53:3), mocked (Luke 18:32), flogged (Matthew 20:19), forsaken (Matthew 26:31), pierced (John 19:37), and killed (Mark 9:31). But the Bible teaches us plainly that we should not betray, ridicule, mock, flog, forsake, pierce, or kill innocent people. That is God's "will of command." We do not look at the death of Jesus, clearly willed by God, and conclude that killing Jesus is good and that we should join the mockers.”
― John Piper

“But I was always coming here. I though about one of my favorite Sufi poems, which says that God long ago drew a circle in the sand exactly around the spot where you are standing right now. I was never not coming here. This was never not going to happen. ”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“The great question that will be with us throughout this entire book: What did Jesus actually bring, if not world peace, universal prosperity, and a better world? What has he brought?

The answer is very simple: God.... He has brought God, and now we know his face, now we can call upon him. Now we know the path that we human beings have to take in this world. Jesus has brought God and with God the truth about our origin and destiny: faith, hope and love. It is only because of our hardness of heart that we think this is too little. Yes indeed, God's power works quietly in this world, but it is the true and the lasting power. Again and again, God's cause seems to be in its death throes. Yet over and over again it proves to be the thing that truly endures and saves.”
― Pope Benedict XVI (Joseph Ratzinger), Jesus of Nazareth: From the Baptism in the Jordan to the Transfiguration

“Sometimes doubting is not a lack of faith, but an expression of it. Sometimes to doubt is to merely insist that God be taken seriously not frivolously, to insist that our faith is placed in and upheld by something other than seeming conjuring tricks.”
― Mark Buchanan, Your God Is Too Safe

“There's no God higher than truth.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“What is the world? What is it for?
It is an art. It is the best of all possible art, a finite picture of the infinite. Assess it like prose, like poetry, like architecture, sculpture, painting, dance, delta blues, opera, tragedy, comedy, romance, epic. Assess it like you would a Faberge egg, like a gunfight, like a musical, like a snowflake, like a death, a birth, a triumph, a love story, a tornado, a smile, a heartbreak, a sweater, a hunger pain, a desire, a fufillment, a desert, a waterfall, a song, a race, a frog, a play, a song, a marriage, a consummation, a thirst quenched.
Assess it like that. And when you're done, find an ant and have him assess the cathedrals of Europe.”
― N. D. Wilson

“We tend to be taken aback by the thought that God could be angry. how can a deity who is perfect and loving ever be angry?...We take pride in our tolerance of the excesses of others. So what is God's problem?... But love detests what destroys the beloved. Real love stands against the deception, the lie, the sin that destroys. Nearly a century ago the theologian E.H. Glifford wrote: 'Human love here offers a true analogy: the more a father loves his son, the more he hates in him the drunkard, the liar, the traitor.'... Anger isn't the opposite of love. Hate is, and the final form of hate is indifference... How can a good God forgive bad people without compromising himself? Does he just play fast and loose with the facts? 'Oh, never mind...boys will be boys'. Try telling that to a survivor of the Cambodian 'killing fields' or to someone who lost an entire family in the Holocaust. No. To be truly good one has to be outraged by evil and implacably hostile to injustice.”
― Rebecca Pippert

“In seven days God had created the Earth. In a single day mankind had turned it upside down.”
― Kristina McMorris, Bridge of Scarlet Leaves

“God's Will is what we would choose if we knew what God knows.”
― Nancy Leigh DeMoss

“With God, all things are possible.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Cynicism places the cynic at the center seat of judgement with the self appointed authority to criticize and condemn. ”
― Jayce O'Neal

“Break my heart for what breaks yours
Everything I am for Your Kingdom's cause
As I walk from earth into eternity”
― Hillsong United

“With God, all things are possible. a”
― Anonymous

“The destiny of your soul is not predicated upon acceptance of a specific dogma that happens to be "correct." A loving God does not dole out eternal condemnation because one has selected the wrong doctrine or misinterpreted scripture. On the contrary, your endeavor to understand God and the nature of the universe is a testament to your devotion.”
― Mark Ireland

“The whole universe is sum up in the Human Being. Devil is not a monster waiting to trap us, He is a voice inside. Look for Your Devil in Yourself, not in the Others.
Don’t forgeT that the one who knows his Devil, knows his God.”
― Shams Tabrizi

“I receive Thee ransom of my soul. For love of Thee have I studied and kept vigil toiled preached and taught…”
― Thomas Aquinas

“I saw the spiders marching through the air,
Swimming from tree to tree that mildewed day
In latter August when the hay
Came creaking to the barn. But where
The wind is westerly,
Where gnarled November makes the spiders fly
Into the apparitions of the sky,
They purpose nothing but their ease and die
Urgently beating east to sunrise and the sea;”
― Robert Lowell, Collected Poems

“It is quite natural and inevitable that, if we spend sixteen hours daily of our waking lives in thinking about the affairs of the world and five minutes in thinking about God and our souls, this world will seem two hundred times more real to us than God.”
― William Ralph Inge

“The world looks like something God had just imaged for his own pleasure, doesn't it?”
― L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables

“I feel like, God expects me to be human. I feel like, God likes me just the way I am: broken and empty and bruised. I feel like, God doesn't look at me and wish that I were something else, because He likes me just this way. I feel like, God doesn't want me to close my eyes and pray for Him to make me holy or for Him to make me pure; because He made me human. I feel like, God already knows I'm human...it is I who needs to learn that.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“...the sorrows God sent us brought comfort and strength with them, while the sorrows we brought on ourselves, through folly or wickedness, were by far the hardest to bear.”
― L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island

“Then Hwin, though shaking all over, gave a strange little neigh and trotted across to the Lion.

"Please," she said, "you're so beautiful. You may eat me if you like. I'd sooner be eaten by you than fed by anyone else.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy

“If God is omnipotent and omniscient, why didn't he start the universe out in the first place so it would come out the way he wants? Why's he constantly repairing and complaining? No, there's one thing the Bible makes clear: The biblical God is a sloppy manufacturer. He's not good at design, he's not good at execution. He'd be out of business, if there was any competition.”
― Carl Sagan, Contact

“The mind of God is a mystery and none can understand it.”
― Rae Carson, The Girl of Fire and Thorns

“For Ragamuffins, God's name is Mercy. We see our darkness as a prized possession because it drives us into the heart of God. Without mercy our darkness would plunge us into despair - for some, self-destruction. Time alone with God reveals the unfathomable depths of the poverty of the spirit. We are so poor that even our poverty is not our own: It belongs to the mysterium tremendum of a loving God.”
― Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out

“Such is my relationship with God: on my gigantic canvass of life, I am the one throwing all of the brightly-colored paints, creating genuine splatters, authentic whirlpools of color, beautiful patterns, wonderful streaks and stains and wild accents; God is the one with the paintbrush who stands beside my canvass filling all the intricate and amazing details in between the whirlpools and the streaks! We're happy together!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“If I convert it's because it's better that a believer dies than that an atheist does.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Mortality

“God and Destiny are not against us, rather they are for us, they are the ones who never forget the things we have long forgotten, the ones who hear the desires of our heart that our own heads can't hear, and they are the ones who never forget who we really are, long after our minds have forgotten the images of who we are. We come from God and we belong to Destiny, yet for some reason of ignorance we think that to be the master of our own fates and the captain of our own souls means to write everything down on a paper and plan everything out on a grid! Such great things to be done, and we think they are accomplished by our primitive ways! No. We must only know what we want. And want what we want. And then fly high enough to see all that which we want that we couldn't yet see.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I have realized that whatever good comes to me, comes from God, whatever bad comes to me, God has allowed it, and I choose to be thankful for both.”
― Jeff Goins, Wrecked: When a Broken World Slams into your Comfortable Life

“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“The vast desire and capacity a woman has for intimate relationships tells us of God's vast desire and capacity for intimate relationships. In fact, this may be The most important thing we ever learn about God--the He yearns for relationship with us. "Now this is eternal life: that they may know you, the only true God" (John 17:3). The whole story of the Bible is a love story between God and His people. He yearns for us. He cares. He has a tender heart.”
― Stasi Eldredge, Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul

“To be a child means to owe one's existence to another, and even in our adult life we never quite reach the point where we no longer have to give thanks for being the person we are.”
― Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child

“Embedded in the larger story of redemption is a principle we must not miss: God uses ordinary people to do extraordinary things in the lives of others.”
― Paul David Tripp, Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change

“You don't have to stop thinking and asking questions to believe in God, child. If He'd wanted a flock of eight billion sheep, He wouldn't have given us opposable thumbs, much less free will.”
― Hillary Jordan, When She Woke

“Two or three angels
Came near to the earth.
They saw a fat church.
Little black streams of people
Came and went in continually.
And the angels were puzzled
To know why the people went thus,
And why they stayed so long within.”
― Stephen Crane, Complete Poems of Stephen Crane

“Well, I never been to much school, you understand, but it seems to me that you're assuming something you shouldn't assume... that God sees the world like you do; one thing at a time, from just one spot. Seems to me that he's supposed to be everywhere, know everything. ...Think about that; he knows what you're feeling, how you're hurting. Feels my pain, your pain like it was his own. Hell son, the question isn't how God could care about just one person; question is, how could he not?”
― Jim Butcher, Small Favor

“Remember: He WANTS your fellowship, and He has done everything possible to make it a reality. He has forgiven your sins, at the cost of His own dear Son. He has given you His Word, and the priceless privilege of prayer and worship.”
― Billy Graham, Hope for Each Day: Words of Wisdom and Faith

“كلمة : الآيات لا تطلق على مطلق موجود ، إنما تطلق على الموجود العجيب ، كما نقول : هذا آية في الحسن ، آية في الشجاعة ، فالآية علي الشيء العجيب .”
― محمد متولي الشعراوي, كيف تقرأ القرآن الكريم وتحفظه

“It was becoming clearer and clearer that if I wanted to come to the end of my life and not say, “I’ve wasted it!” then I would need to press all the way in, and all the way up, to the ultimate purpose of God and join him in it. If my life was to have a single, all-satisfying, unifying passion, it would have to be God’s passion.”
― John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life

“You will be at your best forever, Even now you have good moments. Occasional glimpses of your heavenly self. When you change your baby's diaper, forgive your boss's temper, tolerate your spouse's moodiness, you display traces of saintliness.”
― Max Lucado, 3:16: The Numbers of Hope

“The day came when she discovered sex, sensuality, and literature; she said, 'I submit! Let my life be henceforth ruled by poetry. Let me reign as the queen of my dreams until I become nothing less than the heroine of God.”
― Roman Payne

“When Lincoln was asked if God was on the Union’s side, Lincoln’s unvarying response was that what was really important was whether they were on God’s side.”
― Joe Wheeler, Abraham Lincoln, a Man of Faith and Courage: Stories of Our Most Admired President

“No one can sum up all God is able to accomplish through one solitary life, wholly yielded, adjusted, and obedient to Him.”
― Dwight Lyman Moody

“Great minds think alike because a greater Mind is thinking through them.”
― Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality

“If I were to construct a God I would furnish Him with some way and qualities and characteristics which the Present lacks.”
― Mark Twain

“You all know the argument from design: everything in the world is made just so that we can manage to live in the world, and if the world was ever so little different, we could not manage to live in it. That is the argument from design. It sometimes takes a rather curious form; for instance, it is argued that rabbits have white tails in order to be easy to shoot. I do not know how rabbits would view that application.”
― Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects

“Can a mortal ask questions which God finds unanswerable? Quite easily, I should think. All nonsense questions are unanswerable.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Part of what we pick up in looking at Jesus in the gospel is a way of viewing the whole world. That worldview informs all our values and deeply shapes our thinking and decision-making. Another part of what we absorb is greater confidence in Jesus' counsel and his promises. This has its own powerful effect on what we fear and desire and choose. Another part of what we take up from beholding the glory of Christ is greater delight in his fellowship and deeper longing to see him in heaven. This has its own liberating effect from the temptations of this world. All these have their own peculiar way of changing us into the likeness of Christ. Therefore, we should not think that pursuing likeness to Christ has no other components than just looking at Jesus. Looking at Jesus produces holiness along many different paths.”
― John Piper, God Is the Gospel: Meditations on God's Love as the Gift of Himself

“He paused, twisting his goatee, considering the law in Deuteronomy that forbade clothes with mixed fibers. A problematic bit of Scripture. A matter that required thought. "Only the devil wants man to have a wide range of lightweight and comfortable styles to choose from," he murmured at last, trying out a new proverb. "Although there may be no forgiveness for polyester. On this one matter, Satan and the Lord are in agreement.”
― Joe Hill, Horns

“Surrender your own poverty and acknowledge your nothingness to the Lord. Whether you understand it or not, God loves you, is present in you, lives in you, dwells in you, calls you, saves you and offers you an understanding and compassion which are like nothing you have ever found in a book or heard in a sermon.”
― Thomas Merton, The Hidden Ground Of Love: The Letters Of Thomas Merton On Religious Experience And Social Concerns

“God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.”
― Voltaire

“It is hard to see how a great man can be an atheist. Without the sustaining influence of faith in a divine power we could have little faith in ourselves. We need to feel that behind us is intelligence and love. Doubters do not achieve; skeptics do not contribute; cynics do not create. Faith is the great motive power, and no man realizes his full possibilities unless he has the deep conviction that life is eternally important, and that his work, well done, is a part of an unending plan.”
― Calvin Coolidge

“What comes, when it comes, will be what it is.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Prayers are to men as dolls are to children.”
― Samuel Butler

“One thing we should not forget: if we don’t guard against those trying to sell justifications for letting the gory constructions of their criminal instincts run wild and concoct pretexts for their malicious acts, we might miss out on the moments they are stealing the appropriate junctures, impersonate a god and usurp the spirit of religious beliefs. (“No longer in the middle?”)”
― Erik Pevernagie

“Never pity missionaries; envy them. They are where the real action is -- where life and death, sin and grace, Heaven and Hell converge.”
― Robert C. Shannon

“Then he just knelt in the ashes. He raised his face to the paling day. Are you there? he whispered. Will I see you at the last? Have you a neck by which to throttle you? Have you a heart? Damn you eternally have you a soul? Oh God, he whispered, Oh God.”
― Cormac McCarthy, The Road

“Let him who glories glory in this, That he understands and knows Me, That I am the LORD, exercising loving kindness, justice, and righteousness in the earth. For in these I delight,” says the LORD.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version

“How was she created? I'm not sure if you realize this, but it was in God's image. How can anybody dare to speak ill of something which bears such a noble imprint?”
― Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies

“If I knew I was going to die tomorrow,
And Spring came the day after tomorrow,
I would die peacefully, because it came the day after tomorrow.
If that’s its time, when else should it come?
I like it that everything is real and everything is right;
And I like that it would be like this even if I didn’t like it.
And so, if I die now, I die peacefully
Because everything is real and everything is right.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Our intellect is not intended to be an end in itself, but only a means to the very mind of God.”
― Ravi Zacharias, Jesus Among Other Gods: The Absolute Claims of the Christian Message

“God would seem to indicate to us and not allow us to doubt that these beautiful poems are not human, or the work of man, but divine and the work of God; and that the poets are only the interpreters of the Gods...”
― Socrates

“Don’t feel bad about feeling bad. Don’t be frightened of feeling afraid. Don’t be angry about getting angry. There is no need to give up when we are feeling depressed. Nor should we be dismayed at the grief which often accompanies the outgrowing of anything which needs outgrowing. We can be glad that our soul is speaking to us and pushing us onwards. We frequently need to persevere with a period of inner turmoil before the dust can settle and be swept out the door.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“I won't put my ignorance on an altar and call it God. It feels like idolatry, like the worst kind of idolatry.”
― Robert Charles Wilson, Darwinia

“Think outside the box? Indeed. But to add balance to that, one should not in the process forget what the inside of the box looks like as well. Those who are best at thinking outside the box do it not to puff themselves up, but to see how small they really are. As a contented fish in its fish tank appears to have a small, boring existence to us, imagine a larger, more perceptive kingdom (even by scientific taxonomy) to whom our contented existences may appear to be small and boring. This is where true creativity and massive perceptive abilities spawn a sense of intellectual humility; the kind which God adores.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Something of God... flows into us from the blue of the sky, the taste of honey, the delicious embrace of water whether cold or hot, and even from sleep itself.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Ah, how many Marahs have been sweetened by a simple, satisfying glimpse of the Tree and the Love which underwent its worst confict there. Yes, the Cross is the tree that sweetens the waters. 'Love never faileth.”
― Jim Elliot

“I wish we had the technology to fight God on an equal basis. To beard him in his den. To fight back for all of the injustices heaped on humanity. To allow him to alter his smug arrogance or be blown to hell.”
― Dan Simmons, The Fall of Hyperion

“We were all born to be peaceful citizens of the world. Take care of your global garden and do not allow evil gardeners to try and convince you which flowers are ugly and which should be destroyed. This is God's universe and he is the master gardener of all. If you see ugliness in his creations, then you see ugliness in our Creator. Wake up. If we eliminate all colors in his garden, then what would be a rainbow with only one color? And what would be a garden with only one kind of flower? Why would the Creator create a vast assortment of plants, ethnicities, and animals, if only one beast or seed is to dominate all of existence?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“He believed in God even if he was doubtful of men's claims to know God's mind. But that a God unable to forgive was no God at all.”
― Cormac McCarthy, Cities of the Plain

“Don’t worry when you meet opposition for obeying God. Worry when you don’t have opposition, because you’re probably not obeying God.”
― Craig Groeschel, Altar Ego: Becoming Who God Says You Are

“The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me; your love, O Lord, endures forever - do not abandon the works of your hands.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“The Divine Voice is not always expressed in words. It is made known as a heart-consciousness.”
― A.J. Russell, God Calling

“Dr. Keller begins pacing. "I don't think we've been hearing Faith just right. Her guard...the words..they sound alike."

What do you mean?"

Your daughter," Dr. Keller says flatly. "I think she's seeing God.”
― Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith

“The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.”
― Germany Kent

“God can and will break the labels that have held you hostage.”
― Craig Groeschel, Altar Ego: Becoming Who God Says You Are

“Do not come into agreement with fear. Activate your faith, live in victory, speak over your life and expect great things to come your way.”
― Germany Kent

“There is no sin too great for God's grace. There is no habit too big for his healing. There is no label too strong for his love.”
― Craig Groeschel, Altar Ego: Becoming Who God Says You Are

“"If there is no God, then man and the universe are doomed. Like prisoners condemned to death, we await our unavoidable execution. There is no God, and there is no immortality. And what is the consequence of this? It means that life itself is absurd. It means that the life we have is without ultimate significance, value, or purpose.”
― William Lane Craig, Reasonable Faith

“It is an absurdity to believe that the Deity has human passions, and one of the lowest of human passions, a restless appetite for applause”
― David Hume

“Think of God and not religion, of ecstasy and not mysticism. The difference between the theoretician of faith and the believer is as great as between the psychiatrist and the psychotic.”
― Emil Cioran

“As we experience this love, there is a temptation at times to become hostile to our earlier understandings, feeling embarrassed that we were so "simple" or "naive," or "brainwashed" or whatever terms arise when we haven't come to terms with our own story. These past understandings aren't to be denied or dismissed; they're to be embraced. Those experiences belong. Love demands that they belong. That's where we were at that point in our life and God met us there. Those moments were necessary for us to arrive here, at this place at this time, as we are. Love frees us to embrace all of our history, the history in which all things are being made new.”
― Rob Bell, Love Wins: A Book About Heaven, Hell, and the Fate of Every Person Who Ever Lived

“Love is a mighty power, a great and complete good; Love alone lightens every burden, and makes the rough places smooth. It bears every hardship as though it were nothing, and renders all bitterness sweet and acceptable. The love of Jesus is noble, and inspires us to great deeds; it moves us always to desire perfection. Love aspires to high things, and is held back by nothing base. Love longs to be free, a stranger to every worldly desire, lest its inner vision become dimmed, and lest worldly self-interest hinder it or ill-fortune cast it down. Nothing is sweeter than love, nothing stronger, nothing higher, nothing wider, nothing more pleasant, nothing fuller or better in heaven or earth; for love is born of God, and can rest only in God above all created things.

Love flies, runs, leaps for joy; it is free and unrestrained. Love gives all for all, resting in One who is highest above all things, from whom every good flows and proceeds. Love does not regard the gifts, but turns to the Giver of all good gifts. Love knows no limits, but ardently transcends all bounds. Love feels no burden, takes no account of toil, attempts things beyond its strength; love sees nothing as impossible, for it feels able to achieve all things. Love therefore does great things; it is strange and effective; while he who lacks love faints and fails.”
― Thomas à Kempis, The Inner Life

“God is here. This truth should fill our lives, and every Christmas should be for us a new and special meeting with God, when we allow his light and grace to enter deep into our soul.”
― Josemaría Escrivá, Christ Is Passing by

“I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents’ prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .”
― Ali Shariati

“God takes everyone he loves through a desert. It is his cure for our wandering hearts, restlessly searching for a new Eden...
The best gift of the desert is God's presence... The protective love of the Shepherd gives me courage to face the interior journey.”
― Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World

“If I marry: He must be so tall that when he is on his knees, as one has said he reaches all the way to heaven. His shoulders must be broad enough to bear the burden of a family. His lips must be strong enough to smile, firm enough to say no, and tender enough to kiss. Love must be so deep that it takes its stand in Christ and so wide that it takes the whole lost world in. He must be active enough to save souls. He must be big enough to be gentle and great enough to be thoughtful. His arms must be strong enough to carry a little child.”
― Ruth Bell

“Everyone knows that God protects drunkards and lovers.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers

“God's ways are higher than our ways not because he is less compassionate than we are but because he is more compassionate than we can ever imagine.”
― Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions

“It is straightforward—and never mind, for now, about plagues and famines: if God existed, and if he cared for humankind, he would never have given us religion.”
― Martin Amis, The Second Plane: 14 Responses to September 11

“I mean that the reason God seems to act in ways that make no sense to us is that our perceptions are wrong. Our expectations are subtly twisted. We long for things that harm us and run from the things that grow and heal us. We think good is bad and bad is good. God acts rightly, but to us, it seems confusing. Or sometimes plain wrong.”
― Tessa Afshar, Pearl in the Sand

“My God is love and sweetly suffers all.”
― Sri Aurobindo, Savitri: A Legend and a Symbol

“We don't know the Devil's side of the story, because God wrote all the books.”
― J.A. Konrath, Origin

“God lives in the place of praise. If we want to be where He is, we need to go to His address.”
― Nancy Leigh Demoss

“But we all suffer. For we all prize and love; and in this present existence of ours, prizing and loving yield suffering. Love in our world is suffering love. Some do not suffer much, though, for they do not love much. Suffering is for the loving. This, said Jesus, is the command of the Holy One: "You shall love your neighbor as yourself." In commanding us to love, God invites us to suffer.”
― Nicholas Wolterstorff, Lament for a Son

“Sometimes when we say "God is silent," what's really going on is that he hasn't told the story the way we wanted it told. He will be silent when we want him to fill in the blanks of the story we are creating. But with his own stories, the ones we live in, he is seldom silent.”
― Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World

“Protestants believe that the sacraments are like ladders that God gave to us by which we can climb up to Him. Catholics believe that they are like ladders that God gave to Himself by which He climbs down to us.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“Creation discloses a power that baffles our minds and beggars our speech. We are enamored and enchanted by God's power. We stutter and stammer about God's holiness. We tremble before God's majesty...
and yet, we grow squeamish and skittish before God's love.”
― Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out

“A Short Testament

Whatever harm I may have done
In all my life in all your wide creation
If I cannot repair it
I beg you to repair it,

And then there are all the wounded
The poor the deaf the lonely and the old
Whom I have roughly dismissed
As if I were not one of them.
Where I have wronged them by it
And cannot make amends
I ask you
To comfort them to overflowing,

And where there are lives I may have withered around me,
Or lives of strangers far or near
That I've destroyed in blind complicity,
And if I cannot find them
Or have no way to serve them,

Remember them. I beg you to remember them

When winter is over
And all your unimaginable promises
Burst into song on death's bare branches.”
― Anne Porter, Living Things: Collected Poems

“يُعطي الله كل طير طعامه، لكنه لا يرميه له في العش.”
― ج.هولاند

“Thank God I am not God! Thank God I am not God!”
― Allen Ginsberg, Kaddish and Other Poems

“God is the name we give to the science we don't understand. Science is the name we give to the God we don't understand.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I couldn't care less about evidence and proof and assurances. I just want God. I want God inside me. I want God to play in my bloodstream the way sunlight amuses itself on water.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“To love God with all our heart, soul, and mind, and our neighbor as ourself.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“If you search for God you will find him and He will not give up on you".”
― Michele Woolley, God's Favor - Breath Of Heaven

“O how we call each other names
You call me schizophrenic
I call you God
But we do agree on one
Deluded are we both.”
― Sunil Vidyarthi, The Dead-End (Up) Here: Shiva You Do Not See, Screams You Do Not Hear

“Anybody who says "I know how to get to God and you don't, do this and do that and go here and go there" is going to become 1. very powerful and 2. very rich. The simple truth is, if I am with God, no less can you be with God at the same time as I am.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Before I could turn to look up, a voice boomed from the heavens: "What the heck is going on down there?”
― Kat Falls, Rip Tide

“Worshiping the Devil is no more insane than worshiping God...It is precisely at the moment when positivism is at its high-water mark that mysticism stirs into life and the follies of occultism begin.”
― Joris-Karl Huysmans

“A farmer is helpless to grow grain; all he can do is provide the right conditions for the growing of grain. He cultivates the ground, he plants the seed, he waters the plants, and then the natural forces of the earth take over and up comes the grain...This is the way it is with the Spiritual Disciplines - they are a way of sowing to the Spirit... By themselves the Spiritual Disciplines can do nothing; they can only get us to the place where something can be done.”
― Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth

“Spontaneously, without any theological training, I, a child, grasped the incompatibility of God and shit and thus came to question the basic thesis of Christian anthropology, namely that man was created in God's image. Either/or: either man was created in God's image - and has intestines! - or God lacks intestines and man is not like him.

The ancient Gnostics felt as I did at the age of five. In the second century, the Great Gnostic master Valentinus resolved the damnable dilemma by claiming that Jesus "ate and drank, but did not defecate."

Shit is a more onerous theological problem than is evil. Since God gave man freedom, we can, if need be, accept the idea that He is not responsible for man's crimes. The responsibility for shit, however, rests entirely with Him, the creator of man.”
― Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being

“When God is ready for you to move, He will make your situation uncomfortable.”
― Germany Kent

“We speak, but it is God who teaches.”
― Saint Augustine of Hippo

“I have always considered "Pascal's Wager" a questionable bet to place, since any God worth believing in would prefer an honest agnostic to a calculating hypocrite.”
― Alan Dershowitz, Letters to a Young Lawyer

“To me, God is like this happy bus driver.”
― Jerry Stahl, Permanent Midnight

“Afterwards, when it's all over, you meet God. What do you say to God?”
― Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil

“Conscience is thus explained only as the voice of God in the soul.”
― Peter Kreeft, Pocket Handbook of Christian Apologetics

“[Orange] is one of God's favorite colors--- He stuck it right there between red and yellow as the second color in the rainbow. He decorates entire forests with shades of orange every autumn. It shows up in sunrises at the start of the day, sunsets at the end of the day, and in the glow of the moon at the right time of night.”
― Reggie Joiner, The Think Orange: Imagine the Impact When Church and Family Collide...

“I believe that people who are devoutly religious, within any specific religion, have no true respect for the ultimate vastness that is God.”
― Clair Huffaker, The Cowboy and the Cossack

“I will confess to you that, you know, one of the statements that’s been attributed to me that I’m sort of proud of is somebody said, you know, “What do we do about Osama bin Laden?” And they asked me, “Can we forgive him?” And I said, “Forgiveness is up to God. I just hope we hurry up the meeting.” And that’s the way I feel about him, really. [8 February 2003 show of Meet The Press, NBC News]”
― Norman Schwarzkopf

“It was by faith, nothing wavering, that Joseph saw God our Eternal Father and Jesus Christ, His Son.”
― Thomas S. Monson

“The glory of God is the living man, but the life of man is the vision of God', says St. Irenaeus, getting to the heart of what happens when man meets God on the mountain in the wilderness. Ultimately, it is the very life of man, man himself as living righteously, that is the true worship of God, but life only becomes real life when it receives its form from looking toward God.”
― Pope Benedict XVI (Joseph Ratzinger), The Spirit of the Liturgy

“The paradox in Christian truth is invariably due to the fact that it is the truth that exists for God. The standard of measure and the end is superhuman; and there is only one relationship possible: faith.”
― Søren Kierkegaard

“There is nothing noble about suffering except the love and forgiveness with which we meet it. Many believe that if they are suffering they are closer to God, but I have met very few who could keep their heart open to their suffering enough for that to be true. (124)”
― Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last

“And fragile is thy tenure of this world
Still haunted by the monstrous ghost of God.
("To Science")”
― George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror

“How do we accomplish this matter of gathering life together in God? We must begin primarily by refocusing our attention keeping our minds and hearts directed toward God. The essence of the centered life is attention to God in all we think, say and do. It is the growing realization of His presence in our most down-to-earth living.”
― Sue Monk Kidd, God's Joyful Surprise: Finding Yourself Loved

“To question the world around us and all its complexities is not blasphamy, but simply using the mind God gave us for its intended purpous. God is an artist. Artist do not create to have someone just glance and say "That is pretty." Artist want viewers to look closer, deeper--to really see what they have created--not just glance.”
― Cristina Marrero

“And so must learn to love with our mouths and voices, as well as with our eyes, flesh, heart, brains, and with everything we have, right down to our toenails. There is not anything about us that cannot love, and that is not called to love, and that is not destined to be turned, conformed, and reduced to pure love. It ...is the priceless deposit left by the burning away of selfishness.”
― Mike Mason

“In fact, it was all I could do to stop myself from saying, 'I've always been a big fan of your work …”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Worthy character is best forged from a life of consistent, correct choices centered in the teachings of the Master. ”
― Richard G. Scott

“Man invents nothing God did not create first.”
― Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper

“The longer he remained on this earth, the more he was sure that mankind had no clue about God or heaven. Not when they used him as an excuse to kill, to punish, to discriminate.”
― Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash

“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“When you saw a wounded who cry out for help,
you may be the one sent by God to bring a favor.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“The only thing God is afraid of is a strong-willed human.”
― Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy

“Sooner or later I will be faced with the fact that the world is helpless to meet my needs. And at that point, I will be left with two conclusions; that life is cruel or God is real.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I don't belive in God. I believe in...Al Pacino.”
― Javier Bardem

“God grant that men of principle shall be our principal men.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“Don't forget to pray today because God did not forget to wake you up this morning.”
― Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest Journal

“We will never be happy until we make God the source of our fulfillment and the answer to our longings. He is the only one who should have power over our souls.”
― Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Woman

“A cannonball travels only two thousand miles an hour; light travels two hundred thousand miles a second. Such is the superiority of Jesus Christ over Napoleon.”
― Victor Hugo

“The world is a goddamned evil place, the strong prey on the weak, the rich on the poor; I’ve given up hope that there is a God that will save us all. How am I supposed to believe that there’s a heaven and a hell when all I see now is hell.”
― Aaron B. Powell, Doomsday Diaries III: Luke the Protector

“There is never a moment when God is not in control. Relax! He’s got you covered.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“Don't allow the opinions of other people to shape your concept of him. Get to know him yourself, and let the goodness of God change you from the inside out.”
― Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human

“عندما يمنحك الله الحياة ، من واجبك (ومن حقك ككائن بشري) أن تجد شيئًا جميلًا فيها ، مهما كان ضئيلًا”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Do you remember? Do you remember the world before the poison?”
― Amy Reed, Clean

“If lightning is the anger of the gods, then the gods are concerned mostly about trees.”
― Lao Tzu

“What a comfort to know that God is a poet.”
― Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions

“A truly good person will speak truth, act with truth, and stand for Truth. A truly good person is not afraid to think from their heart; therefore, allowing nonconformist decisions, viewpoints, and perspectives to lead their life. By following their heart, they stand with their conscience, and only with God.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If we had more sleepless nights in prayer, there would be fewer souls to have a sleepless eternal night in hell.”
― Leonard Ravenhill, Revival God's Way

“There are, as we know, powerful and illustrious atheists. At bottom, led back to the truth by their very force, they are not absolutely sure that they are atheists; it is with them only a question of definition, and in any case, if they do not believe in God, being great minds, they prove God.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“Self abandoned, relaxed and effortless, I seemed to have laid me down in the dried-up bed of a great river; I heard a flood loosened in remote mountains, I felt the torrent come; to rise I had no will, to flee I had no strength.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre

“There are certain mortal moments and minutes that matter. Certain hingepoints in the history of each human. Some seconds are so decisive they shrink the soul, while others are spent, so as to stretch the soul.”
― Neal A. Maxwell

“We're more concerned about our own "victory" over sin than we are about the fact that our sins grieve God's heart.”
― Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness

“Chimerical and empty being, your name alone has caused more blood to flow on the face of the earth than any political war ever will. Return to the nothingness from which the mad hope and ridiculous fright of men dared call you forth to their misfortune. You only appeared as a torment for the human race. What crimes would have been spared the world, if they had choked the first imbecile who thought of speaking of you.”
― Marquis de Sade

“Suffering can bend & break us. But it can also break us open to become the persons God intended us to be. It depends on what we do with the pain. If we offer it back to God, He will use it to do great things in us & through us, because suffering is fertile... it an grow new life.”
― John Green

“It did not look like the work of God, but it might have represented the handicraft of a God with a joyous sense of humor, a dancing God who loved mischief as much as prayer, and playfulness as much as mischief.”
― Pat Conroy, South of Broad

“God is our Father and loves us, even when his silence remains incomprehensible.”
― Pope Benedict XVI

“No more is your master a god, Nobility, but he wants offerings from all. When Black God claims us, who will be punished for giving worship and power to a false god? The prince? Or Banjiku?”
― Tamora Pierce, Emperor Mage

“It [Communism] is not new. It is, in fact, man's second oldest faith. Its promise was whispered in the first days of the Creation under the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil: "Ye shall be as gods." It is the great alternative faith of mankind. Like all great faiths, its force derives from a simple vision. Other ages have had great visions. They have always been different versions of the same vision: the vision of God and man's relationship to God. The Communist vision is the vision of Man without God.
It is the vision of man's mind displacing God as the creative intelligence of the world. It is the vision of man's liberated mind, by the sole force of its rational intelligence, redirecting man's destiny and reorganizing man's life and the world. It is the vision of man, once more the central figure of the Creation, not because God made man in his image, but because man's mind makes him the most intelligent of the animals. Copernicus and his successors displaced man as the central fact of the universe by proving that the earth was not the central star of the universe. Communism restores man to his sovereignty by the simple method of denying God.”
― Whittaker Chambers, Witness

“I've been a Christian since I was a little girl. But my Christianity is a muddy mess of thoughts and opinions and making God into what works for me-like going shopping at the mall and picking out whatever I want, putting together faith like I would an outfit. Somehow I don't think the Creator, the I AM, the savior of the world is something we can mix and match to out liking.”
― Cindy Martinusen-Coloma, Caleb + Kate

“I never wavered in my certainty that God did not exist. I was simply liberated by the thought that there might be a way to engage with religion without having to subscribe to its supernatural content - a way, to put it in more abstract terms, to think about Fathers without upsetting my respectful memory of my own father. I recognized that my continuing resistance to theories of an afterlife or of heavenly residents was no justification for giving up on the music, buildings, prayers, rituals, feasts, shrines, pilgrimages, communal meals and illustrated manuscripts of the faiths.”
― Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion

“When we look for success, it should be for the sole purpose of boasting sincerely in Christ. There's no other reason for it. Success is only worth it when the more intense it gets for you, the more you find yourself bragging for his glory rather than your own.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Atheism is a conclusion reached by the most reasonable methods and one which is not asserted dogmatically but is explained in its every feature by the light of reason. The atheist does not boast of knowing in a vainglorious, empty sense. He understands by knowledge the most reasonable and clear and sound position one can take on the basis of all the evidence at hand. This evidence convinces him that theism is not true, and his logical position, then, is that of atheism.

We repeat that the atheist is one who denies the assumptions of theism. he asserts, in other words, that he doesn't believe in a God because he has no good reason for believing in a God. That's atheism -- and that's good sense.”
― E. Haldeman-Julius, The meaning of atheism

“We need god to prosper those without him will not.”
― Nostradamus, Prophecies of Nostradamus

“وفي رأيي أن السياسة التي لا تربط بالدين قذارة محضة يجب تجنبها. إن السياسة ميدانها العمل لخير الأمم، ولذلك يجب أن تشد إليها إهتمام الرجل المتدين. أو بعبارةأخرى، الرجل الذي يسعى وراء الله ووراء الحق. أما بالنسبة إلى ففي رأيي أن الله والحق ، لفظان بديلان، يمكن أن يحل أحدهما مكان الآخر. وإذا قال أحدهم أن الله رب لا يلتزم الحق، أو رب يحب عذاب الناس فإني سأرفض عبادته. لذلك يجب علينا أن نرسى في السياسة أيضا قواعد مملكة الرب”
― Mahatma Gandhi, All Men are Brothers: Autobiographical Reflections

“God's plan for your life is happening right now. It doesn't begin when you get married or when you get your dream job or when everything feels perfect. You are IN the plan. - TLC's friend Kris (p.159)”
― Tara Leigh Cobble, Crowded Skies: Letters To Manhattan

“A man of God would never burn or harm a temple of any kind - regardless of religion. A true man of God would see every temple or divine mansion built to glorify the Creator - as an extension of the temple closest to his home, regardless of its shape, size, or color. A man who truly recognizes and knows God can see God in all things.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“THE FOUR HEAVENLY FOUNTAINS


Laugh, I tell you
And you will turn back
The hands of time.

Smile, I tell you
And you will reflect
The face of the divine.

Sing, I tell you
And all the angels will sing with you!

Cry, I tell you
And the reflections found in your pool of tears -
Will remind you of the lessons of today and yesterday
To guide you through the fears of tomorrow.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Though the mills of God grind slowly, yet they grind exceeding small; Though with patience He stands waiting, with exactness grinds He all.”
― Henry Wadsworth Longellow

“It is Satan's constant effort to misrepresent the character of God, the nature of sin, and the real issues at stake in the great controversy. His sophistry lessens the obligation of the divine law and gives men license to sin. At the same time he causes them to cherish false conceptions of God so that they regard Him with fear and hate rather than with love. The cruelty inherent in his own character is attributed to the Creator; it is embodied in systems of religion and expressed in modes of worship.”
― Ellen G. White, Great Controversy: Between Christ and Satan

“The art of life is to live in the present moment and to make that moment as perfect as we can by the realization that we are the instruments and expression of God himself.”
― Emmet Fox

“... one flaw throws the loveliness of [everything else] into focus. I remember reading that Shakers deliberately introduced a mistake into the things they made, to show that man shouldn't aspire to the perfection of God. Flawed can be more perfect than perfection.”
― Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun

“God judges men from the inside out; men judge men from the outside in. Perhaps to God, an extreme mental patient is doing quite well in going a month without murder, for he fought his chemical imbalance and succeeded; oppositely, perhaps the healthy, able and stable man who has never murdered in his life yet went a lifetime consciously, willingly never loving anyone but himself may then be subject to harsher judgment than the extreme mental patient. It might be so that God will stand for the weak and question the strong.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Bidden or unbidden, God is present.”
― Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus

“Whose little boy are you?”
― James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time

“With or without God, good decisions can be made; But only with God will great decisions be made.”
― Damon Thueson

“Men and women are needed whose prayers will give to the world the utmost power of God; who will make His promises to blossom with rich and full results. God is waiting to hear us and challenges us to bring Him to do this thing by our praying. He is asking us, to-day, as He did His ancient Israel, to prove Him now herewith." Behind God's Word is God Himself, and we read: "Thus saith the Lord, the Holy One of Israel, his Maker: Ask of me of things to come and concerning my sons, and concerning the work of my hands, command ye me." As though God places Himself in the hands and at the disposal of His people who pray - as indeed He does. The dominant element of all praying is faith, that is conspicuous, cardinal and emphatic. Without such faith it is impossible to please God, and equally impossible to pray.”
― E.M. Bounds, The Weapon of Prayer

“There is no fact, no detail of our life too sordid for God's intervention. God has seen murder. God has seen rape. God has seen drug addiction's and alcoholism's utter degradation. God is available to us no matter what our circumstances. God can find us in a crack house. God can find us crumpled in a doorway or cowering on a park bench. We need only reach out to discover that God reaches back. We are led a step at a time even when we feel we are alone. Sometimes God talks to us through people. Sometimes God reaches us through circumstances or coincidence. God has a million ways to reach out to us, and when we are open to it, we begin to sense the touch of God coming to us from all directions.”
― Julia Cameron, Faith and Will: Weathering the Storms in Our Spiritual Lives

“It takes a lot of strength to hold onto and care for the things we love, so why is it that god seems to have made humans unable to conjure up that degree of power and love?”
― Ai Yazawa

“Whoever possesses God in their being has Him in a divine manner, and He shines out to them in all things; for them all things taste of God and in all things it is God's image that they see.”
― Meister Eckhart

“The artist, like the God of creation, remains within or behind or beyond or above his handiwork, invisible, refined out of existence, indifferent, paring his fingernails”
― James Joyce

“If the Creator stood before a million men with the light of a million lamps, only a few would truly see him because truth is already alive in their hearts. Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them. He who does not have Truth in his heart, will always be blind to it.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“A miracle is a single mom who works two jobs to care for her kids and still helps them with their homework at night. A miracle is a child donating all the money in their piggy bank to help victims of Hurricane Katrina. That's where you'll find the hand and face of God.”
― Cathie Linz, Good Girls Do

“If all men are made in God's reflection, then why do some people continue to acknowledge only what is in their part of the mirror? If every man was created equal and in the image of God, then how can any man claim that one race is better than another?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“He that hath the steerage of my course,
Direct my sail.”
― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet

“Why don't you think of [God] as the one who is coming, who has been approaching from all eternity... the ultimate fruit of a tree whose leaves we are.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet

“With life. Rooter says that life is how God gives purpose to the universe.”
― Orson Scott Card, Xenocide

“What the spiritual journey is all about is uniting our will with God's will, wanting what He wants, loving what He loves, living a life that in all its aspects honors Him and gives Him glory.”
― Ralph Martin, The Fulfillment of All Desire: A Guidebook for the Journey to God Based on the Wisdom of the Saints

“Christians walk as strangers in the world: They are untamed. They are free. To persevere with love, yet untamed by man, is often what leaves that open space for divine revelation when God so wills.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“People often ask: If there’s a God, how can He allow so much suffering in the world? Realize all world suffering you perceive is a mirror to your own psychological self-abuse, gender imbalance, prejudice, poverty, and hunger. You couldn’t even perceive each suffering aspect of external reality if it didn’t already exist within you. Touch and transmute your own psychological suffering, and perceive the world in kind.”
― Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence

“John Hodgson can describe Richard Dawkins's atheism as vacuous only because 'atheist' is a term which non-believers use purely as a polemical convenience when we have to define concisely what we don't believe [...]. No atheist is principally that. What we'd want to call ourselves is humanist or materialist, or biologist or linguist, or for that matter socialist, because one or more of these, or something else again, is what we do and think and are. We have 'purely and simply finished with God', to adapt a phrase of Engels's.”
― David Craig

“You ever seen that painting on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel in Rome, where God’s reaching out and touching the finger of an angel? That was what it felt like at the moment my lips touched hers. It was more than just a kiss. It was something spiritual.”
― Chance Carter, Bad Boy Daddy

“I am very close to HIM, sometimes I think I am HIM, with my mood is the weather,bright and sunny forever.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“There better not be a God because I'll be in big trouble.”
― Patricia Marx, Him Her Him Again the End of Him

“You can get lost on your way home. You can get lost looking for love. You can get lost between jobs. You can get lost looking for God. However it happens, take heart. Others before you have found a way in the wilderness, where there are as many angels as there are wild beasts, and plenty of other lost people too. All it takes is one of them to find you. All it takes is you to find one of them. However it happens, you could do worse than to kneel down and ask a blessing, remembering how many knees have kissed this altar before you.”
― Barbara Brown Taylor

“Hang on! God will be thy strength in any act of your pursuit.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“God never wrought miracle to convince atheism, because his ordinary works convince it. It is true, that a little philosophy inclineth man’s mind to atheism; but depth in philosophy bringeth men’s minds about to religion.”
― Francis Bacon, The Essays

“Because you’re a creation of God, you reflect the Divine qualities of creativity, wisdom, and love.”
― Doreen Virtue

“When a child is given to his parents, a crown is made for that child in Heaven, and woe to the parents who raise a child without consciousness of that eternal crown!”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Life is Worth Living

“Be content not with your lot in life but with being here in the flow of life. The glories of creation are in your very cells; you are made of the same mindstuff as the angels, the stars, and god himself.”
― Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life

“Music is, to me, proof of the existence of God. It is so extraordinarily full of magic, and in tough times of my life I can listen to music and it makes such a difference.”
― Kurt Vonnegut

“All men are Prophets or else God does not exist.”
― Jean-Paul Sartre

“Comparing what we're looking for misses the point. It's wanting to know that makes us matter. Otherwise we're going out the way we came in. That's why you can't believe in the afterlife, Valentine. Believe in the after, by all means, but not the life. Believe in God, the soul, the spirit, the infinite, believe in angels if you like, but not in the great celestial get-together for an exchange of views. If the answers are in the back of the book I can wait, but what a drag. Better to struggle on knowing that failure is final.”
― Tom Stoppard, Arcadia

“Rafael?”
”Yeah?”
„Do we all have monsters?”
„Yes.”
„Why does God give us so many monsters?”
„You want to know my theory?”
„Sure.”
„I think it’s other people who give us monsters. Maybe God doesn’t have anything to do with it.”
― Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Last Night I Sang to the Monster

“God does not play games with His loyal servants", said the Metatron, but in a worried tone of voice.
"Whoopee", said Crowley.”
― Terry Pratchett, Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch

“Maybe there’s a heaven, like they say, a place where everything we’ve ever done is noted and recorded, weighed on big karma scales. Maybe not. Maybe this whole thing is just a giant experiment run by aliens who find out human hijinks amusing. Or maybe we’re an abandoned project started by a deity who checked out a long time ago, but we’re still hard-wired to believe, to try to make meaning out of the seemingly random. Maybe we’re all part of the same unconscious stew, dreaming the same dreams, hoping the same hopes, needing the same connection, trying to find it, missing, trying again—each of us playing our parts in the other’s plotlines, just one big ball of human yarn tangled up together. Maybe this is it.”
― Libba Bray

“Personally, I always wondered about authors and celebrities who loudly declared there was no God. It was usually when they were healthy and popular and being listened to by crowds. What happens, I wondered, in the quiet moments before death? By then, they have lost the stage, the world has moved on. If suddenly, in their last gasping moments, through fear, a vision, a late enlightenment, they change their minds about God, who would know?”
― Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story

“Mark it down: God loves you with an unearthly love. You can't win it by being winsome. You can't lose it by being a loser. But you can be blind enough to resist it”
― Max Lucado

“Seth's quote from his book:
"And if I only could
I'd make a deal with God and I'd get Him to swap our places"
-"Running up that Hill" by Kate Bush”
― Richelle Mead, Succubus Heat

“Many may have stopped believing in you, but God hasn't.”
― Anita R. Sneed-Carter

“When you are convinced that everything that happens is the will of God, what is there to do but wait until God has mercy?”
― Maaza Mengiste, Beneath the Lion's Gaze

“What makes art Christian art? Is it simply Christian artists painting biblical subjects like Jeremiah? Or, by attaching a halo, does that suddenly make something Christian art? Must the artist’s subject be religious to be Christian? I don’t think so. There is a certain sense in which art is its own justification. If art is good art, if it is true art, if it is beautiful art, then it is bearing witness to the Author of the good, the true, and the beautiful”
― R.C. Sproul, Lifeviews: Make a Christian Impact on Culture and Society

“Heaven means to be one with God.”
― Kung Fu-Tzu, Essential Writings of Confucianism: The Analects of Confucius and the Mencius

“So the gods must mean something else,” said Jix.
“God, not gods!” insisted Johnnie.
Nick threw up his hands. “God, gods, or whatever,” said Nick. “Right now, it doesn’t matter whether it’s Jesus, or Kukulcan, or a dancing bear at the end of the tunnel. What matters is that we have a clue, and we have to figure it out.”
“Why?” Johnnie asked again. “Why does God – excuse me, I mean ‘the Light of Universal Whatever’- why does it just give us a freakin’ impossible clue? Why can’t it just tell us what we’re supposed to do?”
“Because,” said Mikey. “the Dancing Bear wants us to suffer.”
― Neal Shusterman, Everfound

“Even if there were pains in Heaven, all who understand would desire them.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain

“This heart belongs to you alone.”
― Skillet, Awake

“He said focus. The word focus. I hear angels singing. Everything goes dark except for a light that beams down on Sean. It is a God-given sign- like when people see the Virgin Mary in their grilled cheese, except this isn't religious and I'm actually not a big fan of dairy. I stare at the back of his head. His HEAD. Something I see every day but never really see because it's been there forever. Since the first day of third grade.

I crumple up my web. I don't need it. Praise be, the Focus Gods have spoken.

I am going to write about Sean Griswold's Head.”
― Lindsey Leavitt, Sean Griswold's Head

“പുറത്തിത്രയും മമതകള് മുഴുവന്
ആടയാഭരണങ്ങളും അണിഞ്ഞ്
കൈകൊട്ടി വിളിച്ചിട്ടും നിങ്ങളുടെ ഉറ്റവര്
എന്തുകൊണ്ട് വീട്
വിട്ടിറങ്ങി പോകുന്നില്ല , എന്തുകൊണ്ട്
നിങ്ങളുടെ കൗമാരകാരനായ മകന്
മദ്യപിക്കുന്നില
ല് ,പെണ്കുട്ടി പ്രണയത്തിന്റെ മായ പങ്കാളിയെ ചുറ്റിപിടിച്ചു
പുലരിയോളം നൃത്തം ചവിട്ടുന്നില്ല ,പുറത്തേക്ക്
പോകാന് ഉയര്ത്തിയ പാദങ്ങള് ഒരു
നിലവിളിയോടെ താഴ്ത്തി അവര്ട് ഉള്ളിലേക്ക് ഓടിപോയതെന്തുകൊണ്. രണ്ടു പേര്ക്കിടയില് സംഭവിച്ചതതാണ് , ശരിയായ രണ്ടു പേര് തെറ്റായ ഒരു കാലത്തില് കണ്ടു മുട്ടുകയെന്നു പറയുന്നതുപോലെ .ആരോ ചിലര്
കുറുകെ കടക്കാനുള്ള വൈമുഖ്യം കൊണ്ട് അവര് അങ്ങനെ നിന്ന്
പോയതാണ് .അങ്ങനെതന്നെയായ­
ിരിന്നോ അതുവേണ്ടിയിരുന്നതെന്ന്
പറയാനുള്ള ധൈര്യമോന്നുമില്ല.
ദൈവമേ, ഈ വാതില് പടികള് എന്തുകൊണ്ടാണ്
നീ ഉണ്ടാക്കിയിരിക്കുന്നത് ... ?
തടി തരങ്ങള് കൊണ്ടല്ല എന്ന് വരുമോ ..?
നിങ്ങളുടെ സ്നേഹം ഒരു
കടമ്പയായി കുറുകെ കിടക്കുമ്പോള് ആര്ക്കാണ്
പുറത്തു കടക്കാനാവുക ..”
― Boby Jose Kattikad, Vaathil | വാതില്‍

“If we cannot comprehend God in his visible works, how then in his inconceivable thoughts, that call the works into being?”
― Edgar Allan Poe, The Imp of the Perverse

“We try too much and trust too little. Count the times God's Book tells us to "try." Now count the times it tells us to "trust.”
― Peter Kreeft, Prayer For Beginners

“Yes. There is one God, and he lives in the sky, and he hears all of us. It is just that here on earth, we are confused about how to believe in him. But what does it matter, as long as we trust he is there?”
― Kristin Harmel, The Sweetness of Forgetting

“God’s sovereign will is not at the whim and mercy of our person and individual responses to it.”
― R.C. Sproul, The Truth of the Cross

“As you gave the ring to one another and have now received it a 2nd time from the hand of the pastor, so love comes from you, but marriage from above, from God. As high as God is above man, so high are the sanctity, the rights, and the promise of love.
It is not your love tht sustains the marriage, but from now on, the marriage that sustains your love.”
― Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison

“God first appeared on the scene of human history in the role of a matchmaker. What a profound and exciting revelation!

Is it too much to suggest that Eve came to Adam on the arm of the Lord Himself in the same way that a bride today walks down the aisle of the church on her father’s arm? What human mind can fathom the depth of love and joy that filled the heart of the great Creator as He united the man and woman in this first marriage ceremony?

Surely this account is one among countless indications that the Bible is not a work of merely human authorship. Moses is generally accepted as the author of the creation record. But apart from supernatural inspiration, he would never have dared to open human history with a scene of such amazing intimacy—first between God and man, and then between man and woman.”
― Derek Prince, God Is a Matchmaker

“إننا نربط أنفسنا - حين نصلي - بالقوة العظمى التي تهيمن على الكون، ونسألها ضارعين أن تمنحنا قبساً منها نستعين به على معاناة الحياة، بل إن الضراعة وحدها كفيلة بأن تزيد قوتنا ونشاطنا، ولن تجد احداً ضرع إلى الله مرة إلا عادت عليه هذه الضراعة بأحسن النتائج.”
― Alexis Karel

“Oh God, it is amazing that men can talk so much about man's creaturely power and goodness, when, if thou didst not hold us back every moment, we should be devils incarnate.”
― Arthur Bennett, The Valley of Vision: A Collection of Puritan Prayers and Devotions

“In the years since the disaster, I often think of my friend Arturo Nogueira, and the conversations we had in the mountains about God. Many of my fellow survivors say they felt the personal presence of God in the mountains. He mercifully allowed us to survive, they believe, in answer to our prayers, and they are certain it was His hand that led us home. I deeply respect the faith of my friends, but, to be honest, as hard as I prayed for a miracle in the Andes, I never felt the personal presence of God. At least, I did not feel God as most people see Him. I did feel something larger than myself, something in the mountains and the glaciers and the glowing sky that, in rare moments, reassured me, and made me feel that the world was orderly and loving and good. If this was God, it was not God as a being or a spirit or some omnipotent, superhuman mind. It was not a God who would choose to save us or abandon us, or change in any way. It was simply a silence, a wholeness, an awe-inspiring simplicity. It seemed to reach me through my own feelings of love, and I have often thought that when we feel what we call love, we are really feeling our connection to this awesome presence. I feel this presence still when my mind quiets and I really pay attention. I don’t pretend to understand what it is or what it wants from me. I don’t want to understand these things. I have no interest in any God who can be understood, who speaks to us in one holy book or another, and who tinkers with our lives according to some divine plan, as if we were characters in a play. How can I make sense of a God who sets one religion above the rest, who answers one prayer and ignores another, who sends sixteen young men home and leaves twenty-nine others dead on a mountain?

There was a time when I wanted to know that god, but I realize now that what I really wanted was the comfort of certainty, the knowledge that my God was the true God, and that in the end He would reward me for my faithfulness. Now I understand that to be certain–-about God, about anything–-is impossible. I have lost my need to know. In those unforgettable conversations I had with Arturo as he lay dying, he told me the best way to find faith was by having the courage to doubt. I remember those words every day, and I doubt, and I hope, and in this crude way I try to grope my way toward truth. I still pray the prayers I learned as a child–-Hail Marys, Our Fathers–-but I don’t imagine a wise, heavenly father listening patiently on the other end of the line. Instead, I imagine love, an ocean of love, the very source of love, and I imagine myself merging with it. I open myself to it, I try to direct that tide of love toward the people who are close to me, hoping to protect them and bind them to me forever and connect us all to whatever there is in the world that is eternal. …When I pray this way, I feel as if I am connected to something good and whole and powerful. In the mountains, it was love that kept me connected to the world of the living. Courage or cleverness wouldn’t have saved me. I had no expertise to draw on, so I relied upon the trust I felt in my love for my father and my future, and that trust led me home. Since then, it has led me to a deeper understanding of who I am and what it means to be human. Now I am convinced that if there is something divine in the universe, the only way I will find it is through the love I feel for my family and my friends, and through the simple wonder of being alive. I don’t need any other wisdom or philosophy than this: My duty is to fill my time on earth with as much life as possible, to become a little more human every day, and to understand that we only become human when we love. …For me, this is enough.”
― Nando Parrado

“When you are happy, so happy you have no sense of needing Him, so happy that you are tempted to feel His claims upon you as an interruption, if you remember yourself and turn to Him with gratitude and praise, you will be — or so it feels— welcomed with open arms. But go to Him when your need is desperate, when all other help is vain, and what do you find? A door slammed in your face, and a sound of bolting and double bolting on the inside. After that, silence.”
― C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed

“When the stars threw down their spears
And watered heaven with their tears:
Did he smile his work to see?
Did he who made the Lamb make thee?

- The Tyger”
― William Blake, Songs of Innocence and of Experience

“Self-sufficiency is the enemy of salvation. If you are self-sufficient, you have no need of God. If you have no need of God, you do not seek Him. If you do not seek Him, you will not find Him.”
― William Nicholson, Shadowlands

“I want to encourage you by letting you know that there’s hope for you and your situation whatever you are dealing with. God is intimately involved with every detail of your future and His desire is for you to be an overcomer.”
― Sue Augustine, When Your Past Is Hurting Your Present: Getting Beyond Fears That Hold You Back

“What do I love when I love my God?”
― Augustine of Hippo, Confessions

“Your Excellency, I have no need of this hypothesis.”
― Pierre Laplace

“You, God, who live next door--

If at times, through the long night, I trouble you
with my urgent knocking--
this is why: I hear you breathe so seldom.
I know you're all alone in that room.
If you should be thirsty, there's no one
to get you a glass of water.
I wait listening, always. Just give me a sign!
I'm right here...

Sen komşu tanrı,
Uzun geceler bazen,
Kapına vura vura uyandırıyorsam seni
Solumanı seyrek duyduğumdandır...
Bilirim, yalnızsın odanda.
Sana birşey gerekse kimse yok,
Bir yudum su versin aradığında.
Hep dinlerim, yeter ki bir ses edin,
Öyle yakınım sana...”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God

“Only 8% of our worry will come to pass. 92% of our worry is wasted. DON'T PANIC”
― Mark Gorman

“The principle of democracy is a recognition of the sovereign, inalienable rights of man as a gift from God, the Source of law.”
― Fulton J. Sheen

“Almighty God, thee only have I; thou steerest my fate, I must give myself up to thee! Give me a livelihood! Give me a bride! My blood wants love, as my heart does!”
― Hans Christian Andersen

“There's a major fault in Western society. It makes room for only one god, and in only one gender. There's no balance, no co-existence, no partnership.”
― Tomson Highway

“The Garden is a metaphor for the following: our minds, and our thinking in terms of pairs of opposites--man and woman, good and evil--are as holy as that of a god. (50)”
― Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor

“If you wait, your heavenly Father will pick you up, carry you out into the night, and make your life sparkle. He wants to dazzle you with the wonder of his love.”
― Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World

“If that were God's plan, it's a bad bargain; I don't want to have to deal with a God like that...My sense is God and I came to an accommodation with each other a couple of decades ago, where he's gotten used to the things that I'm not capable of and I've come to terms with things he's not capable of...and we care very much about each other.”
― Harold Kushner

“Among all the creatures of creation, the gods favor us: We are the only ones who can empathize with their problems.”
― David M. Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives

“From all of our beginnings, we keep reliving the Garden story.”
― Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are

“If God rewards us on earth for good deeds—the Old Testament suggests it’s so, and the Puritans certainly believed it—then maybe Satan rewards us for evil ones.”
― Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars

“Dylan Jerome," the lawyer admits, "wanted to sue God for not caring enough about him.”
― Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper

“The most important lesson that we're supposed to be learning right now is how completely lost we are without God. If we don't learn this lesson, then our lives are going to have zero meaning. (Stronger: Forty Days of Metal and Spirituality)”
― Brian "Head" Welch

“we need not avoid our active lives, but simply bring to them a new vision and shift of gravity. for in the center we are rooted in god's love. in such a place there is no need for striving and impatience and dashing about seeking approval.”
― Sue Monk Kidd, God's Joyful Surprise: Finding Yourself Loved

“Much blood has been spilled over words, and a great deal of it over the word ‘God.’ (125)”
― Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity

“Is it folly to believe in something that is intangible? After all, some of the greatest intangibles are Love, Hope, and Wonder.

Another is Deity.

The choice to be a fool is yours.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“We could say that the human race is a great coauthorship in which we are collaborating with God and nature in the making of ourselves and one another. From this there is no escape. We may collaborate either well or poorly or we may refuse to collaborate, but even to refuse to collaborate is to exert an influence and to affect the quality of the product. This is only a way of saying that by ourselves we have no meaning and no dignity; by ourselves we are outside the human definition, outside our identity.”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“If God didn't want you to be a dreamer, He wouldn't go around handing out dreams! That's a clue! ”
― Mark Gorman

“Perhaps the Creator of this strange place knows us better than we know ourselves. Perhaps humanity was meant to eternally ponder the purpose and importance of our own existence. If we were assured of either, we’d be intolerable creatures.”
― Tiffany Madison

“Anyone who doesn't fear God, has no idea at all about Him.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Shoulders are from God, and burdens too.”
― Isaac Bashevis Singer, Gimpel the Fool and Other Stories

“I believe that God—if he exists at all—is what we want him to be. The true God is unknowable, and so we dress him up in costumes that make him visible to us. Then we come up with a lot of very silly rules that we attribute to him and tell everyone if they don't follow those rules, they can't be part of the gang.”
― Michael Thomas Ford, Looking For It

“It doesn't sound logical to say
that a man is an atheist
just because he's probably someone
who knows his own God...personally.”
― Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident], Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“Then was ashamed of myself. I should be happy for what I'd been given. I hoped God hadn't noticed my lapse in appreciation.”
― Charlaine Harris, Dead and Gone

“The hypothesis of God, for instance, gives an incomparably absolute opportunity to understand everything and know absolutely nothing. Give man an extremely simplified system of the world and explain every phenomenon away on the basis of that system. An approach like that doesn't require any knowledge. Just a few memorized formulas plus so-called intuition and so-called common sense.”
― Arkady Strugatsky, Roadside Picnic

“So they trust in the deity of the Old Testament, an incontinent dotard who soiled Himself and the universe with his corruption, a low-budget divinity passing itself off as the genuine article. (Ask the Gnostics.) They trust in Jesus Christ, a historical cipher stitched together like Frankenstein's monster out of parts robbed from the graves of messiahs dead and buried - a savior on a stick. They trust in the virgin-pimping Allah and his Drum Major Mohammed, a prophet-come-lately who pioneered a new genus of humbuggery for an emerging market of believers that was not being adequately served by existing religious products. They trust in anything that authenticates their importance as persons, tribes, societies, and particularly as a species that will endure in this world and perhaps in an afterworld that may be uncertain in its reality and unclear in its layout, but which states their craving for values "not of this earth" - that depressing, meaningless place their consciousness must sidestep every day.”
― Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race

“God sends meat and the devil sends cooks.”
― Thomas Deloney

“Every single human being should be the fulfilment of a prophecy: for every human being should be the realisation of some ideal, either in the mind of God or in the mind of man.”
― Oscar Wilde, De Profundis

“To seek truth requires one to ask the right questions. Those void of truth never ask about anything because their ego and arrogance prevent them from doing so. Therefore, they will always remain ignorant. Those on the right path to Truth are extremely heart-driven and childlike in their quest, always asking questions, always wanting to understand and know everything — and are not afraid to admit they don't know something. However, every truth seeker does need to breakdown their ego first to see Truth. If the mind is in the way, the heart won't see anything.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“They ought to make it a binding clause that if you find God you get to keep Him.”
― Philip K. Dick, VALIS

“I'm one of my sensations.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Ultimately a hero is a man who would argue with the gods, and so awakens devils to contest his vision. The more a man can achieve, the more he may be certain that the devil will inhabit a part of his creation.”
― Norman Mailer

“There were only the great diamonds and sapphires and emerald mists and velvet inks of space, with God's voice mingling among the crystal fires.”
― Ray Bradbury, The Illustrated Man

“Others can't always define your true identity. They see what they 'want' to see but beyond your mess, God sees the beauty He created and still thinks it's good!”
― Chinonye J. Chidolue

“قدّر الله سبحانه وتعالى على ها الجسد أن تنطفئ نضارته مؤقتاً، حتى يقتنع الإنسان بضعفه، وبأنه لا جول له ولا قوة”
― علي بن جابر الفيفي, لأنك الله: رحلة إلى السماء السابعة

“They found grace out in the desert,
these people who survived the killing.
Israel, out looking for a place to rest,
met God out looking for them!"
God told them, "I've never quit loving you and never will.
Expect love, love, and more love!
And so now I'll start over with you and build you up again,
dear virgin Israel.
You'll resume your singing,
grabbing tambourines and joining the dance.
You'll go back to your old work of planting vineyards
on the Samaritan hillsides,
And sit back and enjoy the fruit—
oh, how you'll enjoy those harvests!
The time's coming when watchmen will call out
from the hilltops of Ephraim:
'On your feet! Let's go to Zion,
go to meet our God!”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“But in the desert, in the pure clean atmosphere, in the silence – there you can find yourself. And unless you begin to know yourself, how can you even begin to search for God?”
― Father Dioscuros

“God can give or take away, Well who would make such an awful rule.”
― Josh Ritter

“A conscious human is driven by their conscience, not popular opinion.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“When we find that God's ways always coincide with our own ways, it's time to question who we're really worshipping, God or ourselves. The latter moves the nature of godliness from the King to our servant to a slave, a deduction into the realm of selfhood and then the lower, slavehood. It's a spiritual mathematics in that men who need God in his godhood are humble yet strong and spiritually ambitious while men who need a slave in their selfhood are ultimately paralyzed and will remain paralyzed.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“When you mature in your relationship with God you realize how suffering and patience are like eating your spiritual vegetables.”
― Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality

“The only way God can strengthen his presence in our will is to weaken his presence in our feelings. Otherwise we would become spiritual cripples, unable to walk without emotional crutches. This is why he gives us dryness, sufferings, and failures.”
― Peter Kreeft, Prayer For Beginners

“The universe contains many planets which make it what it is – a unified system. In addition, our bodies contain many organs, and each part is congruent to a planet in our solar system. The universe we see out our eyes is a mirror of what is within us. This is what God meant by making man in his image. We are all made as a reflection of God and that reflection of him is within us. Furthermore, not only are all religions connected to the same Truth, or Cosmic Heart, but this concept is also mirrored in the pantheons of ancient religions, where each of the many gods simply represented one set of characteristics of the ONE. And in all cases, these many gods symbolized the planets, therefore mimicking the different parts of the universe and the ONE God’s many mirrors (He Who is All). The structure behind all polytheistic religions of the past and present is one and the same. They are all built on the same foundation as Nature.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“I've gone to prepare a place for you
But I will come back again.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Nothing but prayer can make saints because nothing but God can make saints, and we meet God in prayer. Prayer is the hospital for souls where we meet Doctor God.”
― Peter Kreeft, Prayer For Beginners

“Oh my God ... YOU are real.
Oh my God ... You ARE real.
OH MY GOD ... You are REAL!
Oh my God ... You're really real!”
― Pattie Mallette, Nowhere But Up: The Story of Justin Bieber's Mom

“God really performs the miracle of multiplying our time, but only if we give it to him first.”
― Peter Kreeft, Prayer For Beginners

“O Heavenly Children, do not forget that God is here, there and everywhere. The birds are his eyes and the air is his ears. And as you sleep, your heart and soul rest naked before him. He can drink from the rivers of your thoughts, and even feel the wetness of your tears.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Were you there?”
She shook her head. “No. I was here in Nain having a
child.”
“Then why do you weep as though you had part in his
crucifixion? You had no part in it.”
“I’d like nothing better than to think I would have
remained faithful. But if those closest to him—his
disciples, his own brothers—turned away, who am I to
think I’m better than they and would have done
differently? No, Marcus. We all wanted what we
wanted, and when the Lord fulfilled his purpose rather
than ours, we struck out against him. Like you. In anger.
Like you. In disappointment. Yet, it is God’s will that
prevails.”
He looked away. “I don’t understand any of this.”
“I know you don’t. I see it in your face, Marcus. You
don’t want to see. You’ve hardened your heart against
him.” She started to walk again.
“As should all who value their lives,” he said, thinking of
Hadassah’s death.
“It is God who has driven you here.”
He gave a derisive laugh. “I came here of my own
accord and for my own purposes.”
“Did you?” Marcus’ face became stony.
Deborah pressed on. “We were all created incomplete
and will find no rest until we satisfy the deepest hunger
and thirst within us. You’ve tried to satisfy it in your own
way. I see that in your eyes, too, as I’ve seen it in so
many others. And yet, though you deny it with your last
breath, your soul yearns for God, Marcus Lucianus
Valerian.”
Her words angered him. “Gods aside, Rome shows
the world that life is what man makes of it.”
“If that’s so, what are you making of yours?”
“I own a fleet of ships, as well as emporiums and
houses. I have wealth.” Yet, even as he told her, he
knew it all meant nothing. His father had come to that
realization just before he died. Vanity. It was all vanity.
Meaningless. Empty.
Old Deborah paused on the pathway. “Rome points the
way to wealth and pleasure, power and knowledge. But
Rome remains hungry. Just as you are hungry now.
Search all you will for retribution or meaning to your life,
but until you find God, you live in vain.”
― Francine Rivers, An Echo in the Darkness

“We do not work for unity; we work to end and erase disunity. Unity is of God; disunity is of man. In matters of doctrine and practice of conscience, our guide should be this traditional saying: "In essentials, unity. In nonessentials, liberty. But in all things, love.”
― Mike Timmis, Between Two Worlds: The Spiritual Journey of an Evangelical Catholic

“It is debatable whether blind faith is truly faith at all. Faith is the perceptive gray area where scientific facts meet an individual's experiential truths - the extreme of the former is left feeling in the dark whereas the latter is caught blinded by the light. By proper scientific method, it is intellectually dishonest for me to declare the existence of God with utmost certainty, but to my individual spirit, I would be intellectually dishonest to deny the existence of God even for a second. This leaves the best of both worlds, as the believer is called to be able to give reasons for his faith, a deviation from mere fantasy.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Human desire is the criterion of all truth and all good. Truth does not lie beyond humanity, but is one of the products of the human mind and feeling. There is really nothing to fear. The motive of fear in religion is base...”
― D. H. Lawrence

“To choose not to be part of a team or religion does not make me non-religious; for my religion is Truth and I am very much in love with God. I do not need to align myself with a specific messenger if I already understand God’s message. And the way I think is not considered ‘New Age’, since common sense is not new. So long as you act and speak with love and truth in you, and are good to your fellow man — in that you treat everybody as you would want yourself to be treated, your heart will stand by God regardless of the label you have assigned to your mind.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Kuikaribisha amani ya Mungu katika maisha yangu kumenisaidia. Naishi mbinguni duniani.”
― Enock Maregesi

“We all ought to understand we're on our own. Believing in Santa Claus doesn't do kids any harm for a few years but it isn't smart for them to continue waiting all their lives for him to come down the chimney with something wonderful. Santa Claus and God are cousins.”
― Andy Rooney, Sincerely, Andy Rooney

“Michael had once read to her how God had cast a man and woman out of paradise. Yet, for all their human faults and failures. God had shown them the way back in.”
― Francine Rivers, Redeeming Love

“I don't think God wants to be worshiped. I think the only pure worship of God is by loving one another, and I think all other forms of worship became a substitute for the love that we should show one another.”
― Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations

“If anything or anyone removes peace from you or inflicts confusion and judgment on you, this thing or person is not of God regardless of whether or not that person or thing has wrapped itself/himself in the wrapping paper with God's face printed all over it. Don't stop believing in God but stop believing in that person, in that thing. The wrapping paper with God's face stamped all over it isn't really God.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Change is not always a good thing. What I need is not change from one thing to another but transformation from who I am into who I was meant to become. Only when God's transforming power touches me can I begin to live the simpler, freer, fresher, more creative, more patient, more passionate, more sacrificial, riskier, rawer, more real, more love-driven life God intended for me all along. That transformation is what awaits all who dare to enter the story of God. As Paul wrote, 'Let God transform you into a new person by changing the way you think' (Romans 12:2)”
― Steven James, Story

“You are not on a journey to God; you are on a journey WITH God.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“He is always doing something--the very best thing, the thing we ourselves would certainly choose if we knew the end from the beginning. He is at work to bring us to our full glory.”
― Elizabeth Elliot

“Only God can take our failures and turn them into victories.”
― Evinda Lepins

“Never say you are five feet nine when
you are five feet eight and a half" was the first one I encountered.
Another was, "Always say some prayers at night because it might turn
out that there is a God.”
― John Knowles, A Separate Peace

“I am a hunter of beauty and I move slow and I keep the eyes wide, every fiber of every muscle sensing all wonder and this is the thrill of the hunt and I could be an expert on the life full, the beauty meat that lurks in every moment.

I hunger to taste life.

God.”
― Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are

“Like apes, we breed, sleep, and die. Yet like God we say, "I am." We are ontological oxymorons.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“Christ delves far beyond the means of superficiality, not simply because of his immaculate love, but also because he considers the distinct cases of each individual rather than withholding a broadened perception by use of stereotypes.”
― Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile

“I am the child of a lunatic. Not a child of God.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Choke

“I knew then that this is how God loves us all and receives us all, and that there is no such thing in this universe as hell, except maybe in our own terrified minds. Because if even one broken and limited human being could experience even one such episode of absolute forgiveness and acceptance of her own self, then imagine—just imagine!—what God, in all His eternal compassion, can forgive and accept.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“So tonight to shush you how about if I say I have administrative bones to pick with God, Boo. I'll say God seems to have a kind of laid-back management style I'm not crazy about. I'm pretty much anti-death. God looks by all accounts to be pro-death. I'm not seeing how we can get together on this issue, he and I, Boo.”
― David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest

“I bet you've seen the fundamentalist bumper sticker that says, "God said it! I believe it! That settles it!" It must be a typo because what the driver really means is, "I said it! God believes it! That settles it!”
― Robert M. Price

“إن بيننا وبين الله رابطة لا تنفصم، فإذا نحن أخضعنا أنفسنا لإشرافه - سبحانه وتعالى - تحققت أمنياتنا وآمالنا كلها.”
― William James

“Statistics, likelihoods, and probabilities mean everything to men, nothing to God.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“I mean, think about [the phrase 'love the sinner, hate the sin.'] Isn't it like saying, 'I love left-handed people but hate that they're left-handed.' Is that really love? Or is that saying, 'I'm willing to love you as I'd like you to be, not as you are'? Either God's love is unconditional or it's not.”
― Alex Sanchez, The God Box

“These black times go as they come and we do not know how they come or why they go. But we know that God controls them, as he controls the whole vast cobweb of the mystery of things.”
― Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch

“Yevgeny Yevtushenko: 'You atheist?'

"Kingsley Amis: 'Well, yes, but it's more that I hate him.”
― Kingsley Amis

“From today onwards, I am going to strive for the greatest purity of soul, that the rays of God's grace may be reflected in all their brilliance.”
― St. Faustina Kowalska

“They should know that just because things get difficult, it's no reason to believe God is on vacation.”
― Harry H. Harrison Jr., 1001 Things Every Teen Should Know Before They Leave Home:

“Zeena's first published sermon at 7 years old. From “The Cloven Hoof” periodical, 1970, San Francisco, CA, USA.:

“The question, 'What is the difference between God and Satan?,' was put to Zeena LaVey, seven-year-old daughter of the High Priest. Her answer was...

'SATAN MADE THE ROSE AND GOD MADE THE THORNS.”
― Zeena Schreck, Demons of the Flesh: The Complete Guide to Left Hand Path Sex Magic

“In all human love it must be realized that every man promises a woman, and every woman promises a man that which only God alone can give, namely, perfect happiness. One of the reasons why so many marriages are shipwrecked is because as the young couple leave the altar, they fail to realize that human feelings tire and the enthusiasm of the honeymoon is not the same as the more solid happiness of enduring human love. One of the greatest trials of marriage is the absence of solitude. In the first moments of human love, one does not see the little hidden deformities which later on appear.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Three to Get Married

“There would be no more offerings. Not this day. Not any day. Humankind had suffered enough for its love of gods, its long search for God. He thought of the many centuries in which his people, the Jews, had negotiated with God, complaining, bickering, decrying the unfairness of things but always - always - returning to obedience at whatever the cost. Generations dying in the ovens of hatred. Future generations scarred by the cold fires of radiation and renewed hatred.”
― Dan Simmons, The Fall of Hyperion

“You can't just know about God. You have to KNOW God!”
― Carman Licciardello

“The unconditional love of God leads to a life of freedom and transforms each day into a potentially wild adventure. ”
― Randy Elrod, Sex, Lies & Religion

“God is A.W.E.S.O.M.E! HE is Always Working Extraordinary Supernatural On-time Miracles Everyday”
― Sommer Ellison

“Sometimes the Lord allows us to go through tough times so we learn to rely upon Him.”
― Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey Through Breast Cancer

“It's God that's worrying me. That's the only thing that's worrying me. What if He doesn't exist? What if Rakitin's right -that it's an idea made up by men? Then, if He doesn't exist, man is the king of the earth, of the universe. Magnificent! Only how is he going to be good without God? That's the question. I always come back to that. Who is man going to love then? To whom will he be thankful? To whom will he sing the hymn? Rakitin laughs. Rakitin says that one can love humanity instead of God. Well, only an idiot can maintain that. I can't understand it. Life's easy for Rakitin. 'You'd better think about the extension of civic rights, or of keeping down the price of meat. You will show your love for humanity more simply and directly by that, than by philosophy.' I answered him: 'Well, but you, without a God, are more likely to raise the price of meat if it suits you, and make a rouble on every penny.' He lost his temper. But after all, what is goodness? Answer that, Alyosha. Goodness is one thing with me and another with a Chinaman, so it's relative. Or isn't it? Is it not relative? A treacherous question! You won't laugh if I tell you it's kept me awake for two nights. I only wonder now how people can live and think nothing about it. Vanity!”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov

“I believe that a godly home is a foretaste of heaven. Our homes, imperfect as they are, must be a haven from the chaos outside. They should be a reflection of our eternal home, where troubled souls find peace, weary hearts find rest, hungry bodies find refreshment, lonely pilgrims find communion, and wounded spirits find compassion.”
― Jani Ortlund

“When we struggle for human rights, for freedom, for dignity, when we feel that it is a ministry of the church to concern itself for those who are hungry, for those who have no schools, for those who are deprived, we are not departing from God’s promise. He comes to free us from sin, and the church knows that sin’s consequences are all such injustices and abuses. The church knows it is saving the world when it undertakes to speak also of such things.”
― Oscar A. Romero, The Violence of Love

“One of my greatest difficulties in consenting to think of religion was that I thought I should have to give up my beautiful thoughts and my love for the things God has made. But I find that the happiness springing from all things not in themselves sinful is much increased by religion. God is the God of the Beautiful—Religion is the love of the Beautiful, and Heaven is the Home of the Beautiful—-Nature is tenfold brighter in the Sun of Righteousness, and my love of Nature is more intense since I became a Christian—-if indeed I am one. God has not given me such thoughts and forbidden me to enjoy them.”
― George MacDonald

“I often wonder if God recognizes His own son the way we've dressed him up, or is it dressed him down?”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“We do know that no person can be saved except through Christ. We do not know that only those who know Him can be saved by Him.”
― C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity

“So nigh is grandeur to our dust,
So near is God to man,
When Duty whispers low, 'Thou must,'
The youth whispers, 'I can.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Emerson: Poems

“Inasmuch as I am a spiritual man, I do believe in God - I think that He created an
order for the world; I believe that, in constantly bombarding Him with requests for miracles,
we're also asking that He unravel the fabric of the world. A world of continuous miracles
would be a cartoon, not a world.”
― Douglas Coupland, Hey Nostradamus!

“For the church, the many abuses of human life, liberty, and dignity are a heartfelt suffering. The church, entrusted with the earth’s glory, believes that in each person is the Creator’s image and that everyone who tramples it offends God. As holy defender of God’s rights and of his images, the church must cry out. It takes as spittle in its face, as lashes on its back, as the cross in its passion, all that human beings suffer, even though they be unbelievers. They suffer as God’s images. There is no dichotomy between man and God’s image. Whoever tortures a human being, whoever abuses a human being, whoever outrages a human being abuses God’s image, and the church takes as its own that cross, that martyrdom.”
― Oscar A. Romero, The Violence of Love

“القرآن الكريم ليس إعجازًا في البلاغة فقط ، ولكنه يحوي إعجازًا في كل ما يمكن للعقل البشري أن يحوم حوله ، فكل مفكر متدبر في كلام اللَّه يجد إعجازًا في القرآن الكريم . فالذي درس البلاغة رأى الإعجاز البلاغي ، والذي تعلم الطب وجد إعجازًا طبيًا في القرآن الكريم . وعالم النباتات رأى إعجازًا في آيات القرآن الكريم ، وكذلك عالم الفلك .”
― محمد متولي الشعراوي, كيف تقرأ القرآن الكريم وتحفظه

“However hard he tried, he could never manage to make himself visible to human eyes and not because he can't, since for him nothing is impossible, it's simply that he wouldn't know what face to wear when introducing himself to the beings he supposedly created and who probably wouldn't recognize him anyway. There are those who say we're very fortunate that god chooses not to appear before us, because compared with the shock we would get were such a thing to happen, our fear of death would be mere child's play. Besides, all the many things that have been said about god and about death are nothing but stories, and this is just another one.”
― José Saramago, Death with Interruptions

“The Church does not dispense the sacrament of baptism in order to acquire for herself an increase in membership but in order to consecrate a human being to God and to communicate to that person the divine gift of birth from God.”
― Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child

“The highest prize we can receive for creative work is the joy of being creative. Creative effort spent for any other reason than the joy of being in that light filled space, love, god, whatever we want to call it, is lacking in integrity. . .”
― Marianne Williamson

“The way you make love is the way God will be with you.”
― Rumi

“I don't think it is enough appreciated how much an outdoor book the Bible is. It is a "hypaethral book," such as Thoreau talked about - a book open to the sky. It is best read and understood outdoors, and the farther outdoors the better. Or that has been my experience of it. Passages that within walls seem improbable or incredible, outdoors seem merely natural. This is because outdoors we are confronted everywhere with wonders; we see that the miraculous is not extraordinary but the common mode of existence. It is our daily bread.”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“<…> God is a person; godliness is a quality. You cannot become God, but you can be godly. <...>”
― Osho

“Ragamuffins are simple, direct and honest. Their speech is unaffected. They are slow to claim, "God told me..." As they make their way through the world, they bear wordless, prophetic witness.”
― Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out

“How good is it to remember one's insignificance: that of a man among billions of men, of an animal amid billions of animals; and one's abode, the earth, a little grain of sand in comparison with Sirius and others, and one's life span in comparison with billions on billions of ages. There is only one significance, you are a worker. The assignment is inscribed in your reason and heart and expressed clearly and comprehensibly by the best among the beings similar to you. The reward for doing the assignment is immediately within you. But what the significance of the assignment is or of its completion, that you are not given to know, nor do you need to know it. It is good enough as it is. What else could you desire?”
― Leo Tolstoy

“The greatest joy is joy in God. This is plain from Psalm 16:11: "You [God] will make known to me the path of life; in Your presence is fullness of joy; in Your right hand there are pleasures forever." Fullness of joy and eternal joy cannot be improved. Nothing is fuller than full, and nothing is longer than eternal. And this joy is owing to the presence of God, not the accomplishments of man. Therefore, if God wants to love us infinitely and delight us fully and eternally, he must preserve for us the one thing that will satisfy us totally and eternally; namely, the presence and worth of his own glory. He alone is the source of full and lasting pleasure. Therefore, his commitment to uphold and display his glory is not vain, but virtuous. God is the one being for whom self-exaltation is an infinitely loving act. If he revealed himself to the proud and self-sufficient and not to the humble and dependent, he would belittle the very glory whose worth is the foundation of our joy. Therefore, God's pleasure in hiding this from "the wise and intelligent" and revealing it to "infants" is the pleasure of God in both his glory and our joy.”
― John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God

“Self-will and prayer are both ways of getting things done. At the center of self-will is me, carving a world in my image, but at the center of prayer is God, carving me in his Son's image.”
― Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World

“Admire and adore the Author of the telescopic universe, love and esteem the work, do all in your power to lessen ill, and increase good, but never assume to comprehend.”
― John Adams

“Never hide your fear because it will become your own God, hidden inside you.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“I don't believe in angels and I have trouble with the whole God thing. I don't want to say I don't believe in God but I don't think I do. But I believe in people who do.”
― Billy Connolly

“We must go out into a desert of some kind (your backyard will do) and come into a personal experience of the awesome love of God.”
― Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out

“How could anyone love Him? What did you just tell me yourself about the world? Don't you see, everybody hates God now. It's not that God is dead in the twentieth century. It's that everybody hates Him! At least I think so.”
― Anne Rice, Memnoch the Devil

“Wealth is a gift from God, and pride is bequeathed to us from the devil.”
― Douglas Wilson

“People keep looking for the perfect one, but perfection is an attribute of God alone.”
― Farahad Zama, The Marriage Bureau for Rich People

“You can choose to say, "Good Morning God" or "Good God, morning!”
― Timothy Parker

“I have a hundred times heard him say, that all ages and nations have represented their gods as wicked, in a constantly increasing progression; that mankind have gone on adding trait after trait till they reached the most perfect conception of wickedness which the human mind could devise, and have called this God, and prostrated themselves before it.”
― John Stuart Mill, Autobiography

“I wish all those who've found God, would tell the rest of us where he's been hiding.”
― Quentin R. Bufogle

“It is of great significance if there is a person who truly prays in a family. Prayer attracts God's Grace and all the members of the family feel it, even those whose hearts have grown cold. Pray always.”
― Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives: The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica

“The genius of a composer is found in the notes of his music; but analyzing the notes will not reveal his genius. The poet's greatness is contained in his words; yet the study of his words will not disclose his inspiration. God reveals himself in creation; but scrutinize creation as minutely as you wish, you will not find God, any more than you will find the soul through careful examination of your body.”
― Anthony de Mello, Awakening: Conversations with the Masters

“Why did you come in to-night with your heads in the air? 'Make way, we are coming! Give us every right and don't you dare breathe a word before us. Pay us every sort of respect, such as no one's ever heard of, and we shall treat you worse than the lowest lackey!' They strive for justice, they stand on their rights, and yet they've slandered him like infidels in their article. We demand, we don't ask, and you will get no gratitude from us, because you are acting for the satisfaction of your own conscience! Queer sort of reasoning!... He has not borrowed money from you, he doesn't owe you anything, so what are you reckoning on, if not his gratitude? So how can you repudiate it? Lunatics! They regard society as savage and inhuman, because it cries shame on the seduced girl; but if you think society inhuman, you must think that the girl suffers from the censure of society, and if she does, how is it you expose her to society in the newspapers and expect her not to suffer? Lunatics! Vain creatures! They don't believe in God, they don't believe in Christ! Why, you are so eaten up with pride and vanity that you'll end by eating up one another, that's what I prophesy. Isn't that topsy-turvydom, isn't it infamy?”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky, The Idiot

“Were God to show grace to all of Adam's descendants, men would at once conclude that He was righteously compelled to take them to heaven as meet compensation for allowing the human race to fall into sin. But the great God in under no obligation to any of his creatures, least of all to those who are rebels against him.”
― Arthur W. Pink, The Attributes of God

“There never was a moment in my life, when I felt so in the Presence, as I do now. I feel as if the Almighty were so real, and so near, that I could reach out and touch Him, as I could this wonderful work of His, if I dared. I feel like saying to Him: 'To the extent of my brain power I realize Your presence, and all it is in me to comprehend of Your power. Help me to learn, even this late, the lessons of Your wonderful creations. Help me to unshackle and expand my soul to the fullest realization of Your wonders. Almighty God, make me bigger, make me broader!”
― Gene Stratton-Porter, A Girl of the Limberlost

“It appeared to the Elders that the people here would believe anything about themselves, no matter how preposterous, as long as it was flattering. To make sure of this, they performed an experiment. They put the idea into Earthlings' heads that the whole Universe had been created by one big animal who looked just like them. He sat on a throne with a lot of less fancy thrones all around him. When people died they got to sit on those other thrones forever because they were such close relatives of the Creator.
The people down here just ate that up!”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Hocus Pocus

“Fire. God of Abraham, God of Isaac, God of Jacob, not of the philosophers and the scholars. I will not forget thy word. Amen.”
― Blaise Pascal

“There's somethin I learned when I was homeless: Our limitation is God's opportunity. When you get all the way to the end of your rope and there ain't nothin you can do, that's when God takes over. I remember one time I was hunkered down in the hobo jungle with some folks. We was talkin 'bout life, and this fella was talkin, said, 'People think they're in control, but they ain't. The truth is, that which must befall thee must befall thee. And that which must pass the by must pass thee by.”
― Ron Hall, Same Kind of Different as Me: A Modern-Day Slave, an International Art Dealer, and the Unlikely Woman Who Bound Them Together

“I believe in love. I believe in the love Lucy shows me, the kind I'll try hard to give back to her in full. I believe in things I can't put into words, but things I know to be true.
I believe in us. I believe in this.
Amen.”
― Katie Henry, Heretics Anonymous

“God is only a word dreamed up to explain the world”
― Gustave Flaubert

“Could a being create the fifty billion galaxies
each with two hundred billion stars
then rejoice in the smell of burning goat flesh?”
― Ron Patterson

“ليس هناك آهة إلا ويسمعها، ولا ألم إلا ويعلم موضعه، ولا زفرة إلا ويرى نيرانها في الفؤاد”
― علي بن جابر الفيفي, لأنك الله: رحلة إلى السماء السابعة

“God's love for his people is so great that it turns God against himself, his love against his justice.”
― Pope Benedict XVI (Joseph Ratzinger), God Is Love: Deus Caritas Est

“Let us keep in mind that we do not have to go to the scriptures inorder to approach God. We do not have to find the right scripture inorder to talk to God".”
― Thurman L Faison, To The Spiritually Inclined

“If the gods have determined about me and about the things which must happen to me, they have determined well, for it is not easy even to imagine a deity without forethought; and as to doing me harm, why should they have any desire towards that? For what advantage would result to them from this or to the whole, which is the special object of their providence? But if they have not determined about me individually, they have certainly determined about the whole at least, and the things which happen by way of sequence in this general arrangement I ought to accept with pleasure and to be content with them.”
― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations

“I fled Him down the nights and down the days
I fled Him down the arches of the years
I fled Him down the labyrinthine ways
Of my own mind, and in the midst of tears
I hid from him, and under running laughter.”
― Francis Thompson, The Hound of Heaven

“فكما خلقتك من عدم فأنا وحدي الذي أرفع عن جسدك السقم!”
― علي بن جابر الفيفي, لأنك الله: رحلة إلى السماء السابعة

“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“whatsoever is, is in God, and without God nothing can be, or be conceived”
― Baruch Spinoza

“God is a book I can no longer read.”
― Floriano Martins

“...Our Lord Jesus Christ added nothing to God in his essential being and glory, either by what He did or suffered. True, blessedly and gloriously true. He manifested the glory of God to us, but he added nought to God... Christ's goodness and rightousness reached unto His saints in the earth but God was high above and beyond it all....”
― Arthur W. Pink, The Attributes of God

“Think about this: You don't know when these people are going to die. They could get into a car today and be killed on the way home. Did they ever hear about Jesus? God has put you in their lives to be His ambassador. You're His megaphone, through which He wants to call out to them to come to Him and be saved.”
― Ryan Dobson, Be Intolerant: Because Some Things Are Just Stupid

“If God had not permitted the people of Jerusalem to be torn asunder and driven them from the land, but had let them keep it after before, no one could convince them that they are not God`s chosen people.”
― Martin Luther, The Jews and Their Lies

“I have both the violent turbulence of the storm and the quiet promises of God in the storm. And what I must work to remember is that something is not necessarily stronger simply because it’s louder.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“It's a mean story, Helen fumed. An absentee father who demands that his children put him at the center of their lives and beg for his return. Sister Priscilla didn't think it was mean, apparently. She was so in love with God that she had married him, even though she would not see his face, hear his voice, or feel his embrace for as long as she lived. One of us, Helen, thought is flying blind.”
― Mark Salzman, Lying Awake

“If there was no free will in men, then there is no sins. When sins happened, it was 'free will' that made them doable. This is true, unless God has predestined human to do and to have sins.”
― Toba Beta

“...the truth of the matter is that we've all got cracks in our spirits, and we have to remember they're only there because we need them.... Otherwise, how could God's grace filter in deep enough to give us the joy and peace we're all searching for in this world. It couldn't, plain and simple.”
― Delia Parr, Hearts Awakening

“You are all alike, you people. You never learn the truth--that God knows nothing.”
― Graham Greene, The Power and the Glory

“And why are we supposed to be serious about God? Did God show up and crack the whip? “You there, Annie in Ohio, I see you laughing a lot and frankly it really pisses Me off . . . “ (50)”
― Julia Cameron, God is No Laughing Matter

“Life isn't always about finding yourself. More often than not, it's about discovering who God created you to be.”
― David A.R. White, Between Heaven and Hollywood: Chasing Your God-Given Dream

“There's a big difference on being wise and being crafty. The former is the attribute of God, and the latter is that of Satan.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“God created every man to be free. The ability to choose whether to live free or enslaved, right or wrong, happy or in fear is something called freewill. Every man was born with freewill. Some people use it, and some people use any excuse not to. Nobody can turn you into a slave unless you allow them. Nobody can make you afraid of anything, unless you allow them. Nobody can tell you to do something wrong, unless you allow them. God never created you to be a slave, man did. God never created division or set up any borders between brothers, man did. God never told you hurt or kill another, man did. And in the end, when God asks you: "Who told you to kill one of my children?"

And you tell him, "My leader."

He will then ask you, "And are THEY your GOD?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Accept the universe
As the gods gave it to you.
If the gods wanted to give you something else
They’d have done it.

If there are other matters and other worlds
There are.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Birds were created to record everything. They were not designed just to be beautiful jewels in the sky, but to serve as the eyes of heaven.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The more doors you open to the mysteries, or sacred knowledge, the smaller you feel. And because you begin to feel smaller and smaller until your ego disappears, the more humble you become. Therefore, any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek. Yet being small and meek do not make one weak. Arming oneself with true knowledge generates strong confidence and a bold spirit that makes you a lion of God. The Creator does not want you to suffer, yet we are being conditioned by society to accept suffering, weak and passive dispositions under the belief that such conditions are favorable by God. Weakness is not a virtue praised by God. How could he desire for you to be weak if he tells us to stand by our conscience? Doing so requires strength. However, there is a difference between arrogance when inflating your ego, and confidence when one truly gets closer to God. One feels large, while the other feels small. Why? Because a man of wisdom understands that he is just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms, and that in the end — we are all connected. And did you not know that the smaller a creature is, the bolder its spirit?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Encouragement is like water to the soul, it makes everything grow.”
― Chris Burkmenn

“If there is a Creator-God, it has used methods of creation that are indistinguishable from nature, it has declined to make itself known for all of recorded history, it doesn't intervene in affairs on earth, and has made itself impossible to observe. Even if you believe in that God... why would you think it would want to be worshiped?”
― David G. McAfee, Mom, Dad, I'm an Atheist: The Guide to Coming Out as a Non-Believer

“Your Mercy is my social status.”
― Guru Nanak, Sri Guru Granth Sahib

“Even so, I’m somebody.
I’m the Discoverer of Nature.
I’m the Argonaut of true sensations.
I bring a new Universe to the Universe
Because I bring the Universe to itself.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“People will seek the ends of the galaxy to avoid that which they need most.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Many people seek fellowship because they are afraid to be alone...let him who cannot be alone beware of community. He will do harm to himself and to the community. Alone you stood before God when he called you; alone you had to answer that call; alone you had to struggle and pray; and alone you will die and give an account to God. You cannot escape yourself, for God has singled you out.”
― Dietrich Bonhoeffer

“We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.”
― Richard Dawkins

“Humility is a virtue of the heavenly, not arrogance. Are we the most superior beast on earth? No, not in strength and not in intelligence. It is very arrogant to assume that we are the most intelligent species when we keep repeating the same mistakes over and over again. Both rats and monkeys have been shown to learn from error, yet we have not. More people have died in the name of religion than any other cause on earth. Is massacring God’s creations really serving God – or the devil? And what father would want to see his children constantly divided and fighting? What God would allow a single human life to be sacrificed for monetary gain? Again, the Creator or the devil?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The typical atheist rebels against God as a teenager rebels against his parents. When his own desires or standards are not fulfilled in the way that he sees fit, he, in revolt, storms out of the house in denial of the Word of God and in scrutiny of a great deal of those who stand by the Word of God. The epithet 'Heavenly Father' is a grand reflection, a relation to that of human nature.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“A pineapple is a compilation of berries that grow and fuse together. When joined, they create a single fruit. And within each eyelet, contains a location where a flower may grow. I see the Creator of all existence as the crown on a pineapple, and all religions of the world as the spiky eyelets, where each eyelet symbolizes a different religion or race under the same crown. Each garden of faith may have different perspectives of God, yet every garden belongs to the same God.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If I were to believe in God enough to call him a murderer, then I might also believe enough that he, as a spirit, exists beyond death; and therefore only he could do it righteously. For the physical being kills a man and hatefully sends him away, whereas God, the spiritual being, kills a man and lovingly draws him nigh.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“The parent is protector and trainer, but never the ultimate teacher. Every parent is responsible for teaching their kid basic moral conduct, manners, the difference between love and hate, and right from wrong. However, after maturity, the child must set off to seek knowledge on their own. Religion is never to be forced. And you cannot threaten your child with hell and tell them your religion is the only right way. There is no one right way. The many ways to the Creator are as varied as the colors of a rainbow.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Of all the major religions, or lack thereof, the atheist's is one of the best pretenders: his foundation for all existences, as well as moral behaviors for the permanent good of mankind, begins at science but ends at himself, the Napoleon complex of both intelligence and imagination. On the other hand the anti-theist wouldn't survive without a deity beyond himself to hunt. He doesn't pretend, he simply nullifies his own position.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Please understand something. God didn’t create evil in the world, but He did create free will, which allowed for the possibility of evil. Science isn’t like that. What you explore and find, God did create. It already exists. When you find it, you are discovering something God made. And everything God created is good. God said so in Genesis. He looked around at everything He had made and said, ‘It is very good.’”
“How men use science can be evil, I’m with you a hundred percent on that,” Bishop added. “People can misuse items God created. But that has everything to do with man’s free will and tendency to evil, not science. What God created is good. So do what you were created to do. Break new scientific ground. Help us understand the dynamics of what God created.
“You can’t protect the world from itself, Gina. You can only give good men the tools necessary to do their jobs. We need to know what is possible.”
― Dee Henderson, Undetected

“He who exercises wisdom, exercises the knowledge which is about God.”
― Epictetus, Enchiridion and Selections from the Discourses

“"But you can thank God the Lord for His inconceivable goodness, which can be recognized daily and hourly throughout your entire existence, if only you honestly try! Your whole life shall therefore become a thanksgiving!”
― Abd-Ru-Shin

“My spiritual high naturally dissipated. At some point you've got to come out of the clouds and live real life. Again, it's just like falling in love. The feeling of euphoria is only temporary.”
― Pattie Mallette, Nowhere But Up: The Story of Justin Bieber's Mom

“If we rely on anything else besides faith to maintain the practice of the presence of God, we will certainly fail, whether this is our feelings, or experiences, or sincerity, or good intentions, or reasonings, or plans. The reason these things will fail while faith will not fail is that all these things depend on us, while faith depends on God. It is a gift of God.”
― Peter Kreeft, Prayer For Beginners

“And since today’s all there is for now, that’s everything.
Who knows if I’ll be dead the day after tomorrow?
If I’m dead the day after tomorrow, the thunderstorm day after tomorrow
Will be another thunderstorm than if I hadn’t died.
Of course I know thunderstorms don’t fall because I see them,
But if I weren’t in the world,
The world would be different —
There would be me the less —
And the thunderstorm would fall on a different world and would be another thunderstorm.
No matter what happens, what’s falling is what’ll be falling when it falls.

(7/10/1930)”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Children see God every day; they just don't call it that. It's the summer sky painted with cumulus clouds by day and sequined with a million stars by night. It's the sweet whispers of sweet gum trees and the sounds riding the tops of honeysuckle-scented breezes. Children feel God stuffed into brown fluffy dogs with stitches strong enough to withstand a good squeeze, and on the lips of round women who can't get enough sugar from Chocolate.

I began to believe that God is us and nature, beauty and love, mystery and majesty, everything right and good.”
― Charles Blow, Fire Shut Up in My Bones

“The perfect orchestration of the symphony of life is one of the Creator's greatest and most beautiful miracles.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The Indians around here tell a cautionary fable about a great saint who was always surrounded in his Ashram by loyal devotees. For hours a day, the saint and his followers would meditate on God. The only problem was that the saint had a young cat, an annoying creature, who used to walk through the temple meowing and purring and bothering everyone during meditation. So the saint, in all his practical wisdom, commanded that the cat be tied to a pole outside for a few hours a day, only during meditation, so as to not disturb anyone. This became a habit – tying the cat to the pole and then meditating on God – but as years passed, the habit hardened into religious ritual. Nobody could meditate unless the cat was tied to the pole first. Then one day the cat died. The saint's followers were panic-stricken. It was a major religious crisis – how could they meditate now, without a cat to tie to a pole? How would they reach God? In their minds, the cat had become the means.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Take the Holocaust for example: Why did God allow Hitler to kill millions of innocent Jews? Because God didn't want to step on Hitler's toes and interfere with his free will? That's a pretty lame excuse. What about the free will of all those Jews who died? I'm pretty sure that getting gassed to death was obviously not their choice.

So, was the Holocaust part of God's great plan? Is that why he allowed it to happen? Is that why God didn't answer the prayers of all those Jews who begged him to make Hitler drop dead?

Why didn't God just make Hitler have a heart attack before he could start World War 2? Why didn't he simply prevent Hitler from being born? How could a God who is supposed to be all good all the time allow something like the Holocaust?

Or did God not just LET it happen? Maybe God MADE the Holocaust happen, because everything that happens, happens for a good reason? Are our minds simply too tiny, too inferior, to understand God's divine plan? Are we just too stupid to see the greater good that came out of the Holocaust?

If that were true, and everything that happens, including the Holocaust, is part of God's perfect plan, then that means that Hitler really wasn't a bad man at all. He was actually doing God's work. And if Hitler did exactly what he was supposed to do in God's great plan, then Hitler obviously didn't have free will, but was just God's puppet. So that means Hitler was a good guy. A man of God.

Sorry, but there is no religion in the world that could sell me on believing THAT bullshit.”
― Oliver Markus, Sex and Crime: Oliver's Strange Journey

“The thing that grieves the heart of the Lord is when God doesn’t see men who stand in defense of the truth”
― Sunday Adelaja

“God is my only leader. Truth is my only sword. Guided only by my conscience, I am a true citizen of the world.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The world is perishing for lack of the knowledge of God and the Church is famishing for want of His Presence.”
― A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God: The Human Thirst for the Divine

“What gave you this idea of an imperfect god?'

'I don't know. It seems quite feasible to me. That is the only god I could imagine believing in, a god whose passion is not a redemption, who saves nothing, fulfills no purpose--a god who simply is.”
― Stanisław Lem, Solaris

“This was another of our fears: that Life wouldn't turn out to be like Literature. Look at our parents--were they the stuff of Literature? At best, they might aspire to the condition of onlookers and bystanders, part of a social backdrop against which real, true, important things could happen. Like what? The things Literature was about: Love, sex, morality, friendship, happiness, suffering, betrayal, adultery, good and evil, heroes and villains, guilt and innocence, ambition, power, justice, revolution, war, fathers and sons, mothers and daughters, the individual against society, success and failure, murder, suicide, death, God.”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“For when we cease to worship God, we do not worship nothing, we worship anything.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“Hating skin color is contempt for God's divine creative imagination. Honoring it is appreciation for conscious, beautiful-love-inspired diversity.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“Why should I wish to see God better than this day?
I see something of God each hour of the twenty-four, and each moment then,
In the faces of men and women I see God, and in my own face in the glass;
I find letters from God dropped in the street, and every one is signed by God's name,
And I leave them where they are,
for I know that others will punctually come forever and ever.”
― Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass

“I mean talk. Never forget that God is your friend. And like all friends, He longs to hear what's been happening in your life. Good or bad, whether it's been full of sorrow or anger, and even when you're questioning why terrible things have to happen. So I talk with
him.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song

“There is no one who takes care of us as lovingly as our mother does. She is our living God.”
― Mohtasham Usmani

“Nowhere in the Bible, however, do we find God distinguishing between levels of sin. God doesn't share our rating system. To him, all sin is equally evil, and all sinners are equally lovable.”
― Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human

“I'm frequently asked, "Do you believe there's extraterrestrial intelligence?" I give the standard arguments- there are a lot of places out there, the molecules of life are everywhere, I use the word billions, and so on. Then I say it would be astonishing to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as yet no compelling evidence for it.
Often, I'm asked next, "What do you really think?"
I say, "I just told you what I really think."
"Yes, but what's your gut feeling?"
But I try not to think with my gut. If I'm serious about understanding the world, thinking with anything besides my brain, as tempting as that might be, is likely to get me into trouble. Really, it's okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in.”
― Carl Sagan

“The more a nation gets into darkness, the more it's going to hate the light. The more it's going to run from the light. And we have a generation of people who have given themselves to darkness, and they've embraced atheism, because it gets them away from moral responsibility to God.”
― Ray Comfort

“God is Change.

Earthseed: The Books of the Living
Lauren Oya Olamina”
― Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Sower

“I hear and behold God in every object, yet understand God not in the least,
Nor do I understand who there can be more wonderful than myself.”
― Walt Whitman, Song of Myself

“Life is really very simple. In each moment, we have the opportunity to choose between saying “yes” or “no”, to listen to our intuition, to listen to our true inner voice, the Existential voice within ourselves. When we say “yes”, we have contact with Existence and we receive nourishment, love, joy, support and inspiration. When we say “no”, we create a separation from life and begin to create dreams and expectations of how it should be. We begin to live in the memories of the past and in the fantasies of the future – as if any other time than here and now really could make us happy and satisfied.”
― Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being

“Things that look impossible suddenly seem a lot better, once you get God on board.”
― Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care

“We seek God so earnestly, Eliav reflected, not to find Him but to discover ourselves.”
― James A. Michener, The Source

“God is the composer; you are the song.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“God spoke to you by so many voices but you would not hear.”
― James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man

“What the new mate, sports car, or unexpected check could never do, Christ says, "I Can." You'll love how he achieves it. He reconnects your soul with God.”
― Max Lucado

“It is closer to the truth to say that God is crazy than that God is reasonable. I suspect God merely smiles when someone calls him crazy, but shakes His head and frowns when someone calls Him reasonable.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“We may be helpless to stop bad things from happening, but perhaps God leaves us signs and road maps to help us recover and reconnect, provided we know where to look.”
― Jennifer Gardner Trulson, Where You Left Me

“Imagine your life is a big canvas. Picture it in your mind and think about the beginnning of your painting of life.You're fourteen yours old, and you are lucky if you have one seventh painted. Now imagine the rest of the canvas is totaly empty. Every day you live, and every month and every year, means another inch that is painted on that canvas. You're going to be painting this empty canvas with your life and when you get to the end of it, what is that painting going to look like?”
― Stephen Biro, Hellucination

“The problem of vindicating an omnipotent and omniscient God in the face of evil is insurmountable. Those who claim to have surmounted it, by recourse to notions of free will and other incoherencies, have merely heaped bad philosophy onto bad ethics.”
― Sam Harris

“The more I know about God, I am convinced He likes to read books and authors are His librarians. Every soul is a story waiting to be read.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Man in his spiritual pride has exchanged God’s method of self-denial for Satan’s plan of self–improvement.”
― Daniel W. Blair

“Enlightenment is at the source of everything. From it, flows our Intuition and our creative energy. It is the delta of the human spirit ~ what we innately seek to return to, as we find ourselves lost in this world.”
― Kim Chestney, The Psychic Workshop: A Complete Program for Fulfilling Your Spiritual Potential

“That God is in truth the sort of bloodthirsty paranoid Who would rend to bits forty-two children for the crime of sassing one of his priests. Don't ask me about the Front Office's policies; I just work here.”
― Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land

“Gods should be iridescent, like the rainbow in the storm. Man creates a God in his own image, and the gods grow old along with the men that made them... But the god-stuff roars eternally, like the sea, with too vast a sound to be heard.”
― D.H. Lawrence

“He uses our past to positively affect our present and secure our future.”
― Evinda Lepins

“According to the Buddha's teaching the beginning of the life-stream of living beings is unthinkable. THe believer in the creation of life by God may be astonished at this reply. But if you were to ask him 'What is the beginning of God?' he would answer without hesitation 'God has no beginning', and he is not astonished at his own reply.”
― Walpola Rahula, What the Buddha Taught

“I think the greatest weakness in the church today is that almost no one believes that God invests His power in the Bible. Everyone is looking for power in a program, in a methodology, in a technique, in anything and everything but that in which God has placed it—His Word. He alone has the power to change lives for eternity, and that power is focused on the Scriptures.”
― R.C. Sproul, The Prayer of the Lord

“People whose history and future were threatened each day by extinction considered that it was only by divine intervention that they were able to live at all. I find it interesting that the meanest life, the poorest existence, is attributed to God's will, but as human beings become more affluent, as their living standard and style begin to ascend the material scale, God descends the scale of responsibility at a commensurate speed.”
― Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings

“God created me—and you—to live with a single, all-embracing, all-transforming passion—namely, a passion to glorify God by enjoying and displaying his supreme excellence in all the spheres of life.”
― John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life

“Prayer does change things, all kinds of things. But the most important thing it changes is us. As we engage in this communion with God more deeply and come to know the One with whom we are speaking more intimately, that growing knowledge of God reveals to us all the more brilliantly who we are and our need to change in conformity to Him. Prayer changes us profoundly.”
― R.C. Sproul, The Prayer of the Lord

“In silence the three of them looked at the sunset and thought about God.”
― Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy-Tacy and Tib

“Glory be to Him who changes others and remains Himself unchanged!”
― Anonymous, The Arabian Nights

“I don’t want to be an anti, against anybody. I simply want to be the builder of a great affirmation: the affirmation of God,who loves us and who wants to save us.”
― Oscar A. Romero, The Violence of Love

“Can I tell you that in my eyes not even God would be good enough to command you?”
― Kele Moon, Beyond Eden

“The best remedy for those who are frightened, lovely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere they can be alone, alone with the sky, nature and God. For then and only then can you feel that everything is as it should be and that God wants people to be happy amid nature's beauty and simplicity.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“Prayer is an acknowledgment that our need of God's help is not partial but total.”
― Alistair Begg, Made For His Pleasure: Ten Benchmarks of a Vital Faith

“Charles de Foucauld, the found of the Little Brothers of Jesus, wrote a single sentence that's ahad a profound impact on my life. He said, "The one thing we owe absolutely to God is never to be afraid of anything." Never to be afraid of anything, even death, which, after all, is but that final breakthrough into the open, waiting, outstretched arms of Abba.”
― Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out

“There are times when we suffer innocently at other people’s hands. When that occurs, we are victims of injustice. But that injustice happens on a horizontal plane. No one ever suffers injustice on the vertical plane. That is, no one ever suffers unjustly in terms of his or her relationship with God. As long as we bear the guilt of sin, we cannot protest that God is unjust in allowing us to suffer.”
― R.C. Sproul, Surprised by Suffering

“Newspapers are the Bibles of worldlings.
How diligently they read them!
Here they find their law and profits,
their judges and chronicles,
their epistles and revelations.”
― Charles Spurgeon

“Funny... I still can't believe in God."
"Does that matter now?"..."He believes in you.”
― A. J. Cronin

“Authentic faith leads us to treat others with unconditional seriousness and to a loving reverence for the mystery of the human personality. Authentic Christianity should lead to maturity, personality, and reality. It should fashion whole men and women living lives of love and communion. False, manhandled religion produces the opposite effect. Whenever religion shows contempt or disregards the rights of persons, even under the noblest pretexts, it draws us away from reality and God.”
― Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out

“...I don't believe in Him, and if He does exist, I don't like Him. His type of gods aren't gods who echo how mortals behave. They're gods who are held up as example of perfection to be emulated. They're not gods of the people. They're remote and inaccessible, they demand blind, unthinking obedience from their followers. They're dictators. We Aesir and Vanir, by contrast, are mirrors. Other gods rule. We reflect and magnify. We are you, only more so. We share your flaws and foibles. We are as humanlike as we are divine, and I think we are all the better for that.”
― James Lovegrove

“Because God is full of life, I imagine each morning Almighty God says to the sun, "Do it again"; and every evening to the moon and the stars, "Do it again"; and every springtime to the daisies, "Do it again"; and every time a child is born into the world asking for curtain call, that the heart of the God might once more ring out in the heart of the babe.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living

“If we’re lucky, God blesses us with a few folks who are willing to look beyond the flaws and see the person we try so hard to hide. And if we’re blessed, we find someone who’ll love us anyway.”
― Lorna Seilstad, Making Waves

“God is not here to be demanded of, begged from, or criticized. He hands out burdens to those who are strong enough to carry them, and I feel profoundly uncomfortable with the idea of lining up with the other invalids and asking for mine to be alleviated.”
― Ann Napolitano, A Good Hard Look

“He'd gone to church for forty years and was only getting worse. It seemed like this should tell God something.”
― Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees

“Lincoln grew immeasurably as he came to think of himself as an “instrument of God’s will.”
― Joe Wheeler, Abraham Lincoln, a Man of Faith and Courage: Stories of Our Most Admired President

“The Earth is God's pinball machine and each quake, tidal wave, flash flood and volcanic eruption is the result of a TILT that occurs when God, cheating, tries to win free games.”
― Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues

“If we cannot find our way to a time when most of us are willing to admit that, at the very least, we are not sure whether or not God wrote some of our books, then we need only count the days to Armageddon—because God has given us far many more reasons to kill one another than to turn the other cheek.”
― Sam Harris

“[Your] dream will challenge, prod and haunt you until you surrender to its call.”
― Wayne Cordeiro

“مع أنّ كل شيء مكتوب ، يظل الله رحيمًا ولا يستعمل ريشته والدواة إلاّ ليكون لنا معينًا”
― Paulo Coelho, Maktub

“While humans play God, dogs learn from their masters.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Of course the cat will growl and spit at the operator and bite him if she can. But the real question is whether he is a vet or a vivisector.”
― C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed

“I suspect you're thinking of Pascal,' Finkler said, finally.'Only he said the opposite. He said you might as well wager on God because that way, even if He doesn't exist, you've nothing to lose. Whereas if you wager against God and He does exist...'
'You're in the shit.”
― Howard Jacobson, The Finkler Question

“The world as it is is the world as God sees it, not as we see it. Our vision is distorted, not so much by the limits of finitude as by sin and ignorance. But the more we raise ourselves in the scale of being, the more will our ideas about God and the world correspond to reality.”
― William R. Inge

“If you want to love God, love the less-fortunate one. If you want to see God, look through the eyes of a hungry child.”
― M.Padua

“If I can put one touch of rosy sunset into the life of any man or woman, I shall feel that I have worked with God.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“I know that what you call 'God' really exists, but not in the form you think; God is primal cosmic energy, the love in your body, your integrity, and your perception of the nature in you and outside of you.”
― Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!

“God Hold us to that which drew us first, when the Cross was the attraction, and we wanted nothing else.”
― Amy Carmichael, God's Missionary

“There is something infantile in the presumption that somebody else (parents in the case of children, God in the case of adults) has a responsibility to give your life meaning and point. [...] Somebody else must be responsible for my well-being, and somebody else must be to blame if I am hurt. Is it a similar infantilism that really lies behind the 'need' for a God?”
― Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion

“Quoting from Thomas Merton
Dialogues With Silence
The true contemplative is not one who prepares his mind for a particular message that he wants or expects to hear, but is one who remains empty because he knows that he can never expect to anticipate the words that will transform his darkness into light. He does not even anticipate a special kind of transformation. He does not demand light instead of darkness. He waits on the Word of God in silence, and, when he is answered it is not so much by a word that bursts into his silence. It is by his silence itself, suddenly, inexplicably revealing itself to him as a word of great power, full of the voice of God. (17)”
― Stephen Cope, The Wisdom of Yoga: A Seeker's Guide to Extraordinary Living

“God has always been about the business of shattering expectations, and in our culture, the standards of leadership are extroverted. It perfectly follows the biblical trend that God would choose the unexpected and the culturally "unfit" - like introverts - to lead his church for the sake of greater glory.”
― Adam S. McHugh, Introverts in the Church: Finding Our Place in an Extroverted Culture

“The Lord works through deeply flawed people, since He made so few of the other kind.”
― Timothy B. Tyson, Blood Done Sign My Name: A True Story

“If God did not exist, He would have to be invented. But all nature cries aloud that he does exist: that there is a supreme intelligence, an immense power, an admirable order, and everything teaches us our own dependence on it.”
― Voltaire

“If I were omnipotent and omnibenevolent I wouldn't be so damn ineffable.”
― Jo Walton, Among Others

“God and religion before every thing!' Dante cried. 'God and religion before the world.'

Mr Casey raised his clenched fist and brought it down on the table with a crash.

'Very well then,' he shouted hoarsely, 'if it comes to that, no God for Ireland!'

'John! John!' cried Mr Dedalus, seizing his guest by the coat sleeve.

Dante stared across the table, her cheeks shaking. Mr Casey struggled up from his chair and bent across the table towards her, scraping the air from before his eyes with one hand as though he were tearing aside a cobweb.

'No God for Ireland!' he cried, 'We have had too much God in Ireland. Away with God!”
― James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man

“There are times...when we are in the midst of life-moments of confrontation with birth or death, or moments of beauty when nature or love is fully revealed, or moments of terrible loneliness-times when a holy and awesome awareness comes upon us. It may come as deep inner stillness or as a rush of overflowing emotion. It may seem to come from beyond us, without any provocation, or from within us, evoked by music or by a sleeping child. If we open our hearts at such moments, creation reveals itself to us in all it's unity and fullness. And when we return from such a moment of awareness, our hearts long to find some way to capture it in words forever, so that we can remain faithful to it's higher truth.

...When my people search for a name to give to the truth we feel at those moments, we call it God, and when we capture that understanding in timeless poetry, we call it praying.”
― Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow

“Remember that our Heavenly Father knows us perfectly and knows what's best for us . . . . Surely, His knowledge is greater than ours. We just have to have faith in Him. If we don't, well, that doesn't change what happened, it just makes us more miserable because we refuse to trust His will. Our Heavenly Father wants us to have joy. And happiness. But we need to look for those opportunities that give us joy. If we don't, what would be the purpose for existing?”
― Jeri Gilchrist, Out of Nowhere

“(Ivan) Hold your tongue, or I'll kill you!
(The devil) You'll kill me? No, excuse me, I will speak. I came to treat myself to that pleasure. Oh, I love the dreams of my ardent young friends, quivering with eagerness for life! 'There are new men,' you decided last spring, when you were meaning to come here, 'they propose to destroy everything and begin with cannibalism. Stupid fellows! they didn't ask my advice! I maintain that nothing need be destroyed, that we only need to destroy the idea of God in man, that's how we have to set to work. It's that, that we must begin with. Oh, blind race of men who have no understanding! As soon as men have all of them denied God -- and I believe that period, analogous with geological periods, will come to pass -- the old conception of the universe will fall of itself without cannibalism, and, what's more, the old morality, and everything will begin anew. Men will unite to take from life all it can give, but only for joy and happiness in the present world. Man will be lifted up with a spirit of divine Titanic pride and the man-god will appear. From hour to hour extending his conquest of nature infinitely by his will and his science, man will feel such lofty joy from hour to hour in doing it that it will make up for all his old dreams of the joys of heaven. Everyone will know that he is mortal and will accept death proudly and serenely like a god. His pride will teach him that it's useless for him to repine at life's being a moment, and he will love his brother without need of reward. Love will be sufficient only for a moment of life, but the very consciousness of its momentariness will intensify its fire, which now is dissipated in dreams of eternal love beyond the grave'... and so on and so on in the same style. Charming!
Ivan sat with his eyes on the floor, and his hands pressed to his ears, but he began trembling all over. The voice continued.
(The devil) The question now is, my young thinker reflected, is it possible that such a period will ever come? If it does, everything is determined and humanity is settled for ever. But as, owing to man's inveterate stupidity, this cannot come about for at least a thousand years, everyone who recognises the truth even now may legitimately order his life as he pleases, on the new principles. In that sense, 'all things are lawful' for him. What's more, even if this period never comes to pass, since there is anyway no God and no immortality, the new man may well become the man-god, even if he is the only one in the whole world, and promoted to his new position, he may lightheartedly overstep all the barriers of the old morality of the old slaveman, if necessary. There is no law for God. Where God stands, the place is holy. Where I stand will be at once the foremost place... 'all things are lawful' and that's the end of it! That's all very charming; but if you want to swindle why do you want a moral sanction for doing it? But that's our modern Russian all over. He can't bring himself to swindle without a moral sanction. He is so in love with truth-.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov

“I suddenly saw that all the time it was not I who had been seeking God, but God who had been seeking me. I had made myself the centre of my own existence and had my back turned to God.”
― Bede Griffiths

“The reasoning is classic in its clarity. If God does not exist, Kirilov is god. If God does not exist, Kirilov must kill himself. Kirilov must therefore kill himself to become god. That logic is absurd, but it is what is needed.”
― Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays

“God is a circle whose center is everywhere, and its circumference nowhere. ”
― Empedocles, Empedocles: The Extant Fragments

“You can safely assume you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do.”
― Anne Lamott

“Thus Milton refines the question down to a matter of faith," said Coleridge, bringing the lecture to a close, "and a kind of faith more independent, autonomous - more truly strong, as a matter of fact - than the Puritans really sought. Faith, he tells us, is not an exotic bloom to be laboriously maintained by the exclusion of most aspects of the day to day world, nor a useful delusion to be supported by sophistries and half-truths like a child's belief in Father Christmas - not, in short, a prudently unregarded adherence to a constructed creed; but rather must be, if anything, a clear-eyed recognition of the patterns and tendencies, to be found in every piece of the world's fabric, which are the lineaments of God. This is why religion can only be advice and clarification, and cannot carry any spurs of enforcement - for only belief and behavior that is independently arrived at, and then chosen, can be praised or blamed. This being the case, it can be seen as a criminal abridgement of a person's rights willfully to keep him in ignorance of any facts - no piece can be judged inadmissible, for the more stones, both bright and dark, that are added to the mosaic, the clearer is our picture of God.”
― Tim Powers, The Anubis Gates

“The soul may ask God for anything, and never fail.”
― Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters

“Light of star gives light on space.
Light of God gives birth to all stars.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Whether our days trip along like the angels mounting on Jacob's ladder to heaven or grind along like the wagons that Joseph sent for Jacob, they are in each case ordered by God's mercy.”
― Charles Spurgeon, Grace: God's Unmerited Favor

“In the midst of her tears came the thought, "When people are in danger, they ask God to save them;" and, slipping down upon her knees, she said her prayer as she had never said it before, for when human help seems gone we turn to Him as naturally as lost children cry to their father, and feel sure that he will hear and answer them.”
― Louisa May Alcott, Jack and Jill

“God has chosen to save the world through the cross, through the shameful and
powerless death of the crucified Messiah. If that shocking event is the
revelation of the deepest truth about the character of God, then our whole way
of seeing the world is turned upside down… all values are transformed… God
refuses to play games of power and prestige on human terms.”
― Richard Hays

“God, A Poem
'I didn't exist at Creation,
I didn't exist at the Flood,
And I won't be around for Salvation
To sort out the sheep from the cud-

'Or whatever the phrase is. The fact is
In soteriological terms
I'm a crude existential malpractice
And you are a diet of worms”
― James Fenton

“Music is a mixed mathematical science that concerns the origens, attributes, and distinctions of sound, out of which a cultivated and lovely melody and harmony are made, so that God is honored and praised but mankind is moved to devotion, virtue, joy, and sorrow.”
― Christoph Wolff, Johann Sebastian Bach: The Learned Musician

“... the mind was designed not to defend what we want, but to discover what is ultimately true, which should shape our wants and satisfy them more deeply with God. The purpose of the mind is not to rationalize subjective preferences, but to recognize objective reality and to help the heart revel in God.”
― John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God

“We are here in a wood of little beeches:
And the leaves are like black lace
Against a sky of nacre.

One bough of clear promise
Across the moon.

It is in this wise that God speaketh unto me.
He layeth hands of healing upon my flesh,
Stilling it in an eternal peace,
Until my soul reaches out myriad and infinite hands
Toward him,
And is eased of its hunger.

And I know that this passes:
This implacable fury and torment of men,
As a thing insensate and vain:
And the stillness hath said unto me,
Over the tumult of sounds and shaken flame,
Out of the terrible beauty of wrath,
I alone am eternal.

One bough of clear promise
Across the moon”
― Frederic Manning

“God's will has to be done, in unifying people and companies to get that gas line built, so pray for that.”
― Sarah Palin

“Her faith in a loving and forgiving God is strong, but she worships laughter.”
― Miriam Toews, Swing Low

“But doesn't that make sense? That the infinite would be, indeed... infinite? That even the most holy amongst us would only be able to see scattered pictures of the eternal picture at any given time? And that maybe if we could collect those pieces and compare them, a story about God would begin to emerge that resembles and includes everyone?”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“So tell me, since it makes no factual difference to you and you can't prove the question either way, which story do you prefer? Which is the better story, the story with animals or the story without animals?' Mr. Okamoto: 'That's an interesting question?' Mr. Chiba: 'The story with animals.' Mr. Okamoto: 'Yes. The story with animals is the better story.' Pi Patel: 'Thank you. And so it goes with God.”
― Yann Martel

“All things therefore are charged with love, are charged with God and if we knew how to touch them give off sparks and take fire, yield drops and flow, ring and tell of him.”
― Gerard Manley Hopkins, Letters to Robert Bridges and Correspondence with Richard Watson Dixon

“If excitement is a mechanism our Creator uses for His own amusement, love is something that belongs to us alone and enables us to flee the Creator. Love is our freedom. Love lies beyond "Es Muss sein!”
― Milan Kundera

“...evolution is not a religious tenet, to which one swears allegiance or belief as a matter of faith.. It is a factual reality of the empirical world. Just as one would not say 'I believe in gravity," one should not proclaim 'I believe in evolution.”
― Michael Shermer

“God is represented as infinite, eternal, incomprehensible; he is contained under every predicate in non that the logic of ignorance could fabricate.”
― Percy Bysshe Shelley

“destines them to eternity. He therefore, I believe, wants them to attend chiefly to two things, to eternity itself, and to that point of time, which they call the Present. For the Present is the point at which time touches eternity. Of the present moment, and of it only, humans have an experience analogous to the experience which [God] has of reality as a whole; in it alone freedom and actuality are offered them. He would therefore have them continually concerned either with eternity or with the Present--either meditating on their eternal union with, or separation from, Himself, or else obeying the present voice of conscience, bearing the present cross, receiving the present grace, giving thanks for the present pleasure.”
― C.S. Lewis

“وإذا بالأوامر العليا تنزل من فوق السماء السابعة لأجل ذلك المهموم المكروب.. تنهي في ساعة سنوات العذاب، ليأتي عهد الشفاء.. لماذا تذهب إلى غيره؟ لماذا تلتجئ إلى سواه؟ لماذا تثق بكل هؤلاء الموتى الذين يتحركون حولك وتنسى الحي الذي لا يموت؟”
― علي بن جابر الفيفي, لأنك الله: رحلة إلى السماء السابعة

“With adequate planning, passion and perseverance, you can achieve the God-given goals.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“the golden eternity is { }”
― Jack Kerouac, The Scripture of the Golden Eternity

“They had not yet attained the stupefying boredom of omnipotence; their experiments did not always succeed.”
― Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Odyssey Two

“If man really is fashioned, more than anything else, in the image of God, then clearly it follows that there is nothing on earth so near to God as a human being. The conclusion is inescapable, that to be in the presence of even the meanest, lowest, most repulsive specimen of humanity of the world is still to be closer to God than when looking up into a starry sky or at a beautiful sunset. Certainly that is why there is nothing in the new testament about beautiful sunsets.- Mike Mason -Author of "The Mystery of Marriage”
― Mike Mason

“I invite all brats to throw their cookies at the baker’s head if they’re not sweet, winos to chuck their wine if it’s bad, the dying to shuck their souls when they croak, and men to throw their existence in God’s face when it’s bitter”
― Gustave Flaubert

“(Speaking of the Cistercian monks) A grim fraternity, passing grim lives in that sweet spot, that God had made so bright! Strange that Nature's voices all around them--the soft singing of the waters, the wisperings of the river grass, the music of the rushing wind--should not have taught them a truer meaning of life than this. They listened there, through the long days, in silence, waiting for a voice from heaven; and all day long and through the solemn night it spoke to them in myriad tones, and they heard it not.”
― Jerome K. Jerome

“The 'commandment' of love is only possible because it is more than a requirement. Love can be 'commanded' because it has first been given.”
― Pope Benedict XVI (Joseph Ratzinger), God Is Love: Deus Caritas Est

“The main battlefield for good is not the open ground of the public arena but the small clearing of each heart. Meanwhile, the lot of widows and homeless children is very hard, and it is to their defense, not God's, that the self-righteous should rush.”
― Yann Martel, Life of Pi

“The Lord replied, "The years when you have seen only one set of footprints, my child, is when I carried you.”
― Mary Stevenson

“There was one question, however, which Inciarte had asked him and he could not answer. Why was it that he had lived while others had died? What purpose had God in making this selection? What sense could be made out of it? ‘None,’ replied Father Andrés. ‘There are times when the will of God cannot be understood by our human intelligence. There are things which in all humility we must accept as a mystery.”
― Piers Paul Read, Alive: The Story of the Andes Survivors

“How would this world be if there was not God? The answer is simple: it would become itself God.”
― Sorin Cerin

“... respecto al origen del mundo, si es que lo tuvo, no nos queda más remedio que aceptar que nunca sabremos cómo ocurrió y que Dios es una explicación necia que no explica nada pues es tan difícil imaginar la eternidad suya como la de la materia. Dios es la vuelta del bobo: lo postulamos para entender cuanto no entendemos, pero sin entenderlo a Él.”
― Fernando Vallejo, La puta de Babilonia

“Faith in God is optional, but faith in the self – in the spirit within, is imperative.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas

“TRUTH


Whenever you stand up
For your conscience,
Be prepared to be hated
By the wicked.
But never, ever,
Let that scare you;
For whenever you
Stand up for God,
By him,
You are loved.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The fragility of our era is this, too: we don’t believe that there is a chance for redemption; for a hand to raise you up; for an embrace to save you, forgive you, pick you up, flood you with infinite, patient, indulgent love; to put you back on your feet. We need mercy.”
― Pope Francis, The Name of God is Mercy

“It has been said that we can know God only in so far as we can become God.”
― Ernest Holmes

“Imagine there is no God. There is no Heaven or Hell. There is only your son and his son and his son, and the world you leave for them.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Adjustment Day

“The tenure of human positions, no matter how highly exalted will eventually come to an end. Only Gods tenure is eternal”
― Oche Otorkpa, The Unseen Terrorist

“Our problems sometimes show the degree of our relationship with God.”
― Dr Paul Gitwaza

“God cares only for what is his, busies himself with only himself, thinks only of himself, and has only himself before his eyes...He serves no higher person, and satisfies only himself. His cause is--A purely egoistic cause.”
― Max Stirner

“and in the soil
of his being,
a soul is planted
bearing the fruits
of his masterpiece”
― Ali Nuri, Rain and Embers

“He who stands by his heart has God in him. Our conscience is what unites us with God.”
― Suzy Kassem

“In fact, it was the religion of Calvin of which Sandy felt deprived, or rather a specified recognition of it. She desired this birthright; something definite to reject. It pervaded the place in proportion as it was unacknowledged. In some ways the most real and rooted people whom Sandy knew were Miss Gaunt and the Kerr sisters who made no evasions about their believe that Gold had planned for practically everybody before they were born an nasty surprise when they died. Later, when Sandy read John Calvin, she found that although popular conceptions of Calvinism were sometimes mistaken, in this particular there was no mistake, indeed it was but a mild understanding of the case, he having made it God's pleasure to implant in certain people an erroneous since of joy and salvation, so that their surprise at the end might be the nastier.”
― Muriel Spark, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie

“All true believers have good reasons for disbelieving in every god except their own,' said Birbal, 'and so it is they who, between them, give me all the reasons for believing in none.”
― Salman Rushdie, The Enchantress of Florence

“Nobody can tell what is right and what is wrong; what is righteous and what is evil. Even if there is a god and I had his teachings right before me, I would think it through and decide if that was right or wrong myself.”
― Tsugumi Ohba, Death Note, Vol. 12: Finis

“If I could take a bite of the whole world
And feel it on my palate
I’d be more happy for a minute or so...
But I don’t always want to be happy.
Sometimes you have to be
Unhappy to be natural...

Not every day is sunny.
When there’s been no rain for a while, you pray for it to come.
So I take unhappiness with happiness
Naturally, like someone who doesn’t find it strange
That there are mountains and plains
And that there are cliffs and grass...

What you need is to be natural and calm
In happiness and in unhappiness,
To feel like someone seeing,
To think like someone walking,
And when it’s time to die, remember the day dies,
And the sunset is beautiful, and the endless night is beautiful...
That’s how it is and that’s how it should be...”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“When the great ship containing the hopes and aspirations of the world, when the great ship freighted with mankind goes down in the night of death, chaos and disaster, I am willing to go down with the ship. I will not be guilty of the ineffable meanness of paddling away in some orthodox canoe. I will go down with the ship, with those who love me, and with those whom I have loved. If there is a God who will damn his children forever, I would rather go to hell than to go to heaven and keep the society of such an infamous tyrant. I make my choice now. I despise that doctrine. It has covered the cheeks of this world with tears. It has polluted the hearts of children, and poisoned the imaginations of men. It has been a constant pain, a perpetual terror to every good man and woman and child. It has filled the good with horror and with fear; but it has had no effect upon the infamous and base. It has wrung the hearts of the tender; it has furrowed the cheeks of the good. This doctrine never should be preached again. What right have you, sir, Mr. clergyman, you, minister of the gospel, to stand at the portals of the tomb, at the vestibule of eternity, and fill the future with horror and with fear? I do not believe this doctrine: neither do you. If you did, you could not sleep one moment. Any man who believes it, and has within his breast a decent, throbbing heart, will go insane. A man who believes that doctrine and does not go insane has the heart of a snake and the conscience of a hyena.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty Of Man, Woman And Child

“The man stopped talking and was looking at the sunset.
But what does someone who hates and loves want with a sunset?”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“Tough times don't define you, they refine you. ‪”
― Carlos A. Rodriguez, Designed For Inheritance: A Discovery of Sonship

“Never put yourself in a position to be made an example of.”
― Gary Hopkins

“Decision decides destiny. What God wants you to become is the positive person you decide to become when led by God's spirit.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes

“God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us.”
― Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince

“Any person who, with all the sincerity of heart, is in search for God, on land or in the sea, is worthy of respect.”
― Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi, The Religion of God

“Live, you say, in the present;
Live only in the present.

But I don’t want the present, I want reality;
I want things that exist, not time that measures them.

What is the present?
It’s something relative to the past and the future.
It’s a thing that exists in virtue of other things existing.
I only want reality, things without the present.

I don’t want to include time in my scheme.
I don’t want to think about things as present; I want to think of them as things.
I don’t want to separate them from themselves, treating them as present.

I shouldn’t even treat them as real.
I should treat them as nothing.

I should see them, only see them;
See them till I can’t think about them.

See them without time, without space,
To see, dispensing with everything but what you see.
And this is the science of seeing, which isn’t a science.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Children understood at a very young age that doing nothing was an expression of power. Doing nothing was a choice swollen with omnipotence. It was, in fact, godly.

And this, she now realized, was the reason why the gods did nothing. Proof of their omniscience. After all, to act was to announce awful limitations, for it revealed that chance acted first, the accidents were just that--events beyond the will of the gods--and all they could do in answer was to attempt to remedy the consequences, to alter natural ends. To act, then, was an admission of fallibility.”
― Steven Erikson

“God loves us, but the devil takes an interest.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution

“The love of Christ is always there and unchanging, no matter what we do, but it is when we are obedient that we actually begin to feel it.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“When the world caves in
Still my hope will cling
To Your promise
Where my courage ends
Let my heart find strength
In Your presence”
― Hillsong

“We need a bigger estimation of God and a smaller estimation of sin.”
― Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human

“Even a God finds it hard to love and be wise at the same time.”
― Tina Smith, Forbidden: Discover the Legend

“I wonder either their God has turned old, sick or died, because even the religious people no more believe in shit.”
― M.F. Moonzajer

“There are always consequences to wrong choices.”
― Jim George

“No matter what I feel, I hold the assurance that God never leaves me.”
― Craig Groeschel, The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist

“Since the beginning of the world, a prayer is a prayer and a curse is a curse-- no matter the people-- no matter the language-- Man has given a thousand different namesto his god, but look into the face of each one-- long enough-- hard enough-- You will find one truth.”
― Mike Mignola, B.P.R.D., Vol. 13: 1947

“The Lord likes small things best, especially those done with love.”
― Mother Teresa

“The God of St. Thomas and Dante is a God Who loves, the god of Aristotle is a god who does not refuse to be loved; the love that moves the heavens and the stars in Aristotle is the love of the heavens and the stars for god, but the love that moves them in St. Thomas and Dante is the love of God for the world; between these two motive causes there is all the difference between an efficient cause on the one hand, and a final cause on the other.”
― Étienne Gilson

“I pray that I am never so foolishly naive or roguishly pompous to think that I can be the captain of my own ship, for if God is not at the helm my ship will soon be at the bottom.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus

“I'm always talking to God about whether or not he exists - that's how I know I'm a theist.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Wasting talent is a sin. I’m not big on sin, but I know a sin when I see one staring me in the face. I’m not big on sin, but I know a sin when I see one staring me in the face. It’s just not courteous to not use or wear something that somebody’s given you as a well-meaning gift. It goes against Southern ways, not that God is Southern by any stretch of the imagination, but I do think He expects us to be an example for the rest of the country, as far as manners go.”
― Vicki Covington, Bird of Paradise

“It is now generally admitted, at any rate by philosophers, that the existence of a being having the attributes which define the god of any non-animistic religion cannot be demonstratively proved... [A]ll utterances about the nature of God are nonsensical.”
― Alfred Jules Ayer, Language, Truth, and Logic

“Leonora Penderton feared neither man, beast, nor the devil; God she had never known.”
― Carson McCullers, Reflections in a Golden Eye

“But his mind saw nothing of all this. His mind was engaged in a warfare of the gods. His mind paced outwards over no-man's-land, over the fields of the slain, paced to the rhythm of the blood's red bugles. To be alone and evil! To be a god at bay. What was more absolute?”
― Mervyn Peake, Gormenghast

“Rencana Allah selalu indah...”
― Rhein Fathia, Jadian 6 Bulan

“We're always taught that God wants us to always only say "I can't do this without You God" , "Whatever your will is God, that's my will too" but God says He is a father, and there is no good father who wants his children to have no will and to think that they can't stand on their own two feet. So maybe what you should be saying is "I can do it" and "I have a strong will, I know what I want." When you think God's left you and wants you to be sitting like a duck, maybe He's actually believing in you, teaching you how to fly.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“The faithful man perceives nothing less than opportunity in difficulties. Flowing through his spine, faith and courage work together: Such a man does not fear losing his life, thus he will risk losing it at times in order to empower it. By this he actually values his life more than the man who fears losing his life. It is much like leaping from a window in order to avoid a fire yet in that most crucial moment knowing that God will appear to catch you.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Religion is based on the idea that God is an imbecile.”
― Noam Chomsky

“Many of the most powerful things in life are not tangible. All it takes is for you to close your eyes to see.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Dear God, I am only what you made me and I appreciate everything that you gave me, but like, I don't want to do it any more, sort of lost sight of what I'm doing it for.”
― Nicki Minaj

“The universe, which is not merely the stars and the moon and the planets, flowers, grass and trees, but other people, has evolved no terms for your existence, has made no room for you, and if love will not swing wide the gates, no other power will or can. And if one despairs-- as who has not?-- of human love, God's love alone is left.”
― James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time

“Maybe we shouldn't begin to stop believing in God when He starts to let go of our hand; because at that moment He begins to let go of your hand, that's the moment He's begun to believe in YOU! He says, "I believe in you, I know you can." And that's not the time to stop believing in someone, when He is believing in you. A good father knows when to let go and start believing that you can. We may not understand it at first, but after we look at ourselves and say "Wow, I'm awesome, I did that all by myself." Then we say "Thanks, dad. If you never let go of me, I would have never learned how to fly.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Faithfulness imparts God's reason for all circumstances. No matter what the world says, losing is no longer an option.”
― Criss Jami, Venus in Arms

“Never compare your love story to those you watch in movies. They're written by scriptwriters, yours is written by God.”
― Efren Peñaflorida Jr.

“Deliver thunder, God
If you choose not to talk.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987

“There is but One God, His name is Truth, He is the Creator, He fears none, he is without hate, He never dies, He is beyond the cycle of births and death, He is self illuminated, He is realized by the kindness of the True Guru. He was True in the beginning, He was True when the ages commenced and has ever been True, He is also True now.”
― Guru Nanak

“If the universe does consist of a battle between the devil and God, the final analysis should conclude that religion would have been the devil’s most brilliant move and science, God’s.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Ingratitude to God does not rely only on our refusal to give the verbal thanksgiving due to Him, but also recides in our inability to appreciate his gifts and potentials in us by leaving them untapped.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Most of the world is either asleep or dead. The religious people are, for the most part, asleep. The irreligious are dead. Those who are asleep are divided into two classes, like the Virgins in the parable, waiting for the Bridegroom's coming. The wise have oil in their lamps. That is to say they are detached from themselves and from the cares of the world, and they are full of charity. They are indeed waiting for the Bridegroom, and they desire nothing else but His coming, even though they may fall asleep while waiting for Him to appear. But the others are not only asleep: they are full of other dreams and other desires. Their lamps are empty because they have burned themselves out in the wisdom of the flesh and in their own vanity. When He comes, it is too late for them to buy oil. They light their lamps only after He has gone. So they fall asleep again, with useless lamps, and when they wake up they trim them to investigate, once again, the matters of a dying world.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“Go ahead, God, you fat, filthy motherfucker, lightning-bolt my ass into oblivion if you're so tough!”
― Jeri Smith-Ready, Requiem for the Devil

“Everyone has their own boat, it's a matter of pulling it out of the sand, and putting it in the water. But further, you can anchor the boat in fear when the storms rage, and go nowhere, let it drift aimlessly on its own or you can let God be the navigator and guide you on a journey in a way that is right for you.”
― Anthony Liccione

“Caring for the poor, resting on the Sabbath, showing hospitality and keeping the home—these are important things that can lead us to God, but God is not contained in them.”
― Rachel Held Evans, A Year of Biblical Womanhood

“Don't ever be discouraged with yourself because you have not arrived at success, but instead be pleased that you are pressing toward it.”
― Joyce Meyer, Making Good Habits, Breaking Bad Habits: 14 New Behaviors That Will Energize Your Life

“Realize this – your anger with God does not drive a wedge between you and Him. It is your silence that drives the wedge. - Prodigal Life”
― Pauline Creeden

“I imagined I was God for a millisecond
And became speechless for a long time.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Loving someone is waking up a little bit earlier than they do so you can pray for their day.”
― Melissa Z

“We do not need such things to help us to see God,” I countered. “We have His Word, and that is
enough.”
― Tracy Chevalier

“Jesus said, 'Enter into My rest' and let God do what He does best”
― R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal

“And what we say - that what He willeth is right and what He doth not not will is wrong, is not so to be understood, as if, should God will something inconsistent, it would be right because He willed it. For it does not follow that if God would lie it would be right to lie, but rather that he were not God.”
― St. Anselm of Canterbury, Cur Deus homo: to which is added a selection from his letters

“I can only imagine how happy life would be if we could stay so grounded in our faith that we would never waver in our positive attitudes.”
― Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World

“Keep on the watch and pray”
― Jehovah, New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures

“Peace for Israel,” he said.
“Is that possible?” I drew closer.
“Yes, if we have peace with God first.”
― Rachelle Ayala, Michal's Window

“Sowing seeds of kindness always reaps a crop of heavenly blessings.”
― Rebecca Barlow Jordan

“Ukitaka kujua maana halisi ya maisha yako kuwa tayari kufanya vitu vikubwa vitakavyohitaji nguvu ya Mungu kuvikamilisha – na kudumu katika maisha hayo kwa kafara ya maombi.”
― Enock Maregesi

“MIGHT, something God only has.”
― A Gentlemen

“It is said that men may not be the dreams of the god, but rather that the gods are the dreams of men.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“There's no need to curse God if you're an ugly duckling. He chooses those strong enough to endure it so that they can guide others who've felt the same.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“A great ring of pure & endless light
Dazzles the darkness in my heart
And breaks apart the dusky clouds of night.
The end of all is hinted in the start.

When we are born we bear the seeds of blight;
Around us life & death are torn apart,
Yet a great ring of pure and endless light
Dazzles the darkness in my heart.

It lights the world to my delight.
Infinity is present in each part.
A loving smile contains all art.
The motes of starlight spark & dart.
A grain of sand holds power & might.
Infinity is present in each part,
And a great ring of pure and endless light
Dazzles the darkness in my heart.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, A Ring of Endless Light

“You can see God from anywhere if your mind is set to love and obey Him.”
― A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God: The Human Thirst for the Divine

“The man who counts on the aid of a god deserves the help he doesn't get.”
― Glen Cook, Dreams of Steel

“I experience religious dread whenever I find myself thinking that I know the limits of God’s grace, since I am utterly certain it exceeds any imagination a human being might have of it. God does, after all, so love the world.”
― Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books

“...I believe in a God of scandalous grace. I have pledged allegiance to a King who loved evildoers so much he died for them, teaching us that there is something worth dying for but nothing worth killing for.”
― Shane Claiborne

“Don’t misunderstand me. The terrorist actions of Al-Qaeda were and are unmitigatedly evil. But the astonishing naivety which decreed that America as a whole was a pure, innocent victim, so that the world could be neatly divided up into evil people (particularly Arabs) and good people (particularly Americans and Israelis), and that the latter had a responsibility now to punish the former, is a large-scale example of what I’m talking about - just as it is immature and naive to suggest the mirror image of this view, namely that the western world is guilty in all respects and that all protestors and terrorists are therefore completely justified in what they do. In the same way, to suggest that all who possess guns should be locked up, or (the American mirror-image of this view) that everyone should carry guns so that good people can shoot bad ones before they can get up to their tricks, is simply a failure to think into the depths of what’s going on.”
― N.T. Wright, Evil and the Justice of God

“In God's eyes, a man who teaches one truth and nothing else is more righteous than a man who teaches a million truths and one lie.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“What do we find God 'doing about' this business of sin and evil?...God did not abolish the fact of evil; He transformed it. He did not stop the Crucifixion; He rose from the dead.”
― Dorothy L. Sayers, The Whimsical Christian: 18 Essays

“It makes me happier, more secure, to think that I do not have to plan and manage everything for myself, that I am only a sword made sharp to smite the unclean forces, an enchanted sword to cleave and disperse them.

Grant, O Lord, that I may not break as I strike! Let me not fall from Thy hand!”
― Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn

“But it ain't easy, trying to do without God even if you know he ain't there, trying to do without him is a strain”
― Alice Walker, The Color Purple

“Over the souls of men spread the condor wings of colossal monsters and all manner of evil things prey upon the heart and soul and body of Man. Yet it may be in some far day the shadows shall fade and the Prince of Darkness be chained forever in his hell. And till then mankind can but stand up stoutly to the monsters in his own heart and without, and with the aid of God he may yet triumph.”
― Robert E. Howard, The Savage Tales of Solomon Kane

“Only God may be adored, because only God is unlimited goodness, truth, and beauty, and thus only God deserves unlimited love.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“God loves and cares for creation and has the right to expect this loving care be replicated by humans. Creation exists, not for the glory of humanity, but for the glory of God. God has the right to see that earthly creatures are free to live according to their nature and without unnecessary abuse, exploitation, and pain, so that their lives can glorify their Creator.…[S]ince God values and cares for all creation, creation has a derived right to be valued and cared for by humans for God’s glory.”
― Richard A. Young, Is God a Vegetarian?: Christianity, Vegetarianism, and Animal Rights

“Men do not turn from God so easily. Not so easily. Deep in each man is the knowledge that something knows of his existence. Something knows, and cannot e fled nor hid from. To imagine otherwise is to imagine the unspeakable. It was never that this man ceased to believe in God. No. It was rather that he came to believe terrible things of him.”
― Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing

“As we grow in the knowledge of God's holiness, even though we are growing in the practice of holiness, it seems the gap between our knowledge and our practice always gets wider. This is the Holy Spirit's way of drawing us to more and more holiness.”
― Jerry Bridges, The Practice of Godliness / The Pursuit of Holiness / The Pursuit of Holiness, Bible Study

“I have so often been asked the question: "But how did you come to think of The Scarlet Pimpernel?" And my answer has always been: "It was God's will that I should." And to you moderns, who perhaps do not believe as I do, I will say, "In the chain of my life, there were so many links, all of which tended towards bringing me to the fulfillment of my destiny.”
― Emmuska Orczy, Links in the Chain of Life

“[God] loves us because He is filled with an infinite measure of holy, pure, and indescribable love. We are important to God not because of our résumé but because we are His children. He loves every one of us, even those who are flawed, rejected, awkward, sorrowful, or broken. God's love is so great that He loves even the proud, the selfish, the arrogant, and the wicked.

What this means is that, regardless of our current state, there is hope for us. No matter our distress, no matter our sorrow, no matter our mistakes, our infinitely compassionate Heavenly Father desires that we draw near to Him so that He can draw near to us.”
― Dieter F. Uchtdorf

“If that type of bad God did exist, then we could go on living in good health. If we could push the responsibility for our misery onto God, then we would have that much more peace of mind, wouldn't we?”
― Tatsuhiko Takimoto, Welcome to the N.H.K.

“The God that we commonly know may be less sinister than the true God that we don't know for sure.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Acedia is sorrow so complete that the flesh pervails completely over the spirit. You don't just turn your back on the world, you turn your back on God. You don't care, and you don't care that you don't care.”
― Mishka Shubaly, The Long Run

“It sounds as if you'd like to be God.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Choke

“All what we think and know is an illusion. Nothing exists. Everything is an opinion.”
― Ash Vaz

“There is no point of adventure if you have known about everything.
I wonder how God deals with the situation, considering the boredom.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“I do not know the answers to life's hard questions, but I do know the One who knows them and that's sufficient...for now.”
― Toni Sorenson

“The Lord doesn't want anybody in His house who has to be dragged there.”
― Frank D. Gilroy, The Subject Was Roses

“Who that prohibits two people who have different views about God to love each other?”
― Aditia Rinaldi

“God's green earth can no longer sustain itself for those who worship the golden calf. Those who have put this planet in jeopardy shall no longer live. We have been working hard for this day to come and we have help from every God-fearing being on this planet. Many will say they believe, when in their hearts, they truly worship Mammon.”
― Stephen Biro, Hellucination

“The Id and the Superego are more scientific ways of considering the Devil and God, or your personal angels and demons. Science has turned the relationship between God, the Devil and you into a viewpoint for all to understand without the framework of religious belief to sidetrack the layperson into another realm of thinking.”
― Stephen Biro, Hellucination

“I was asked by a concerned church-goer: "Is your relationship with God okay?" and I answered "My relationship with God is far better than yours. You have to be in a certain place, with a certain group of people, pray at certain days of the week, read the Bible at certain times of the day; all in order to have a relationship with God. But I am with God from the moment I wake up, to the moment I fall asleep at night, I am with God wherever on this earth that I wander to, and whosoever I may be with! I may be sitting on the subway, and I am with God. I can assure you that I am closer to God than you are.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Basic Principles:

1. Creativity is the natural order of life. Life is energy: pure creative energy.

2. There is an underlying, in-dwelling creative force infusing all of life -- including ourselves.

3. When we open ourselves to our creativity, we open ourselves to the creator's creativity within us and our lives.

4. We are, ourselves, creations. And we, in turn, are meant to continue creativity by being creative ourselves.

5. Creativity is God's gift to us. Using our creativity is our gift back to God.

6. The refusal to be creative is self-will and is counter to our true nature.

7. When we open ourselves to exploring our creativity, we open ourselves to God: good orderly direction.

8. As we open our creative channel to the creator, many gentle but powerful changes are to be expected.

9. It is safe to open ourselves up to greater and greater creativity.

10. Our creative dreams and yearnings come from a divine source. As we move toward our dreams, we move toward our divinity.”
― Julia Cameron

“Because I don't think God trusts just anybody with so much heartache. The world has not yet seen what God can do with a man who gives both halves of a broken heart to him. And I don't doubt that a man like that can change the world...or at least a little part of it.”
― Chris Fabry, Almost Heaven

“If you don’t delight in the fact that your Father is holy, holy, holy, then you are spiritually dead. You may be in a church. You may go to a Christian school. But if there is no delight in your soul for the holiness of God, you don’t know God. You don’t love God. You’re out of touch with God. You’re asleep to his character.”
― R.C. Sproul, Choosing My Religion

“I thought, He must forebear to reveal His power and glory by presenting Himself as Himself, and must be present only in the ordinary miracle of the existence of His creatures. Those who wish to see Him must see Him in the poor, the hungry, the hurt, the wordless creatures, the groaning and travailing beautiful world.”
― Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow

“In regards to this great Book [the Bible], I have but to say it is the best gift God has given to man. All the good the Savior gave to the world was communicated through this Book. But for it we could not know right from wrong. All things most desirable for man's welfare, here and hereafter, are found portrayed in it.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Nobody is worthy to be loved. The fact that God loves man shows us that in the divine order of ideal things it is written that eternal love is to be given to what is eternally unworthy. Or if that phrase seems to be a bitter one to bear, let us say that everybody is worthy of love, except him who thinks he is.”
― Oscar Wilde, De Profundis

“God is found in the collection of Many. . . rather than in the One.”
― Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol

“But, God knows best, I concluded.”
― Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey

“If grace belongs to God, there are those who say that luck belongs to the Devil and that he looks after his own.”
― Sarah Dunant, In the Company of the Courtesan

“You know, we can quote the written Word all day to our friends, but nothing will touch them like our own hunger and love for the Word himself. It is not dutiful love that attracts but love freely lavished from a heart familiar with the gardens of heaven.”
― Amy Layne Litzelman, This Beloved Road: A Journey of Revelation and Worship

“The mountains are great stone bells; they clang together like nuns. Who shushed the stars? There are a thousand million galaxies easily seen in the Palomar reflector; collisions between and among them do, of course, occur. But these collisions are very long and silent slides. Billions of stars sift amont each other untouched, too distant even to be moved, heedless as always, hushed. The sea pronounces something, over and over, in a hoarse whisper; I cannot quite make it out. But God knows I have tried.”
― Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters

“Радость. Долг каждого человека - взращивать свою внутреннюю радость. Но многие религии забыли это правило. Большинство храмов темны и холодны. Литургическая музыка помпезна и грустна. Священники одеваются в черное. Ритуалы прославляют пытки мучеников и соперничают в изображении жестокостей. Как если бы мучения, которые претерпели их пророки, были свидетельствами их истинности.
Не является ли радость жизни лучшим способом отблагодарить Бога за его существование, если он существует? А если Бог существует, почему он должен быть мрачным существом?”
― Bernard Werber, L'Empire des anges

“These infinitesimal distinctions between man and man are too paltry for an Omnipotent Being. How these madmen
give themselves away! The real God taketh heed lest a sparrow fall. But the God created from human vanity sees
no difference between an eagle and a sparrow.”
― Bram Stoker, Dracula

“Man’s glory lies not, Lincoln thought, in ‘his goodness,’ for this is often nonexistent. He derives glory, instead, from his being made in the image of the Living God.”
― Joe Wheeler, Abraham Lincoln, a Man of Faith and Courage: Stories of Our Most Admired President

“No more quickly can a person rob you of your joy and peace than when that individual succeeds at making you feel like you're less than worthy of God as compared to his/her own self. The old adage "You're on your way to hell, and I'm on my way to heaven" spoken or implied to another, is the most predominantly effective way to make someone feel better about himself; and he doesn't even have to prove he's better in this life on earth because now he can just say "Wait 'til I'm looking down at you while you're in hell!" But don't be robbed of your joy and peace, individuals or groups of people like that don't know where God is; He is a whisper-distance away from you, is all.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I'm here to tell you, there ain't much forgiveness in that old-time religion. That particular savior was a mean son of a bitch. If you sinned, honey, he was going to get you, no doubt about it.”
― Ava Gardner, Ava: My Story

“I call them sacred echoes because I noticed that throughout my relationships, daily life, and study, the same scripturally sound idea or phrase or word will keep reappearing until I can no longer avoid its presence." -The Sacred Echo”
― Margaret Feinberg

“We must go out to Pure Life, Pure Truth, Pure Love, and that is the definition of God. He is the ultimate goal of life; from Him we came, and in Him alone do we find our peace.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Life is Worth Living

“الرب أعطى النقود، والشيطان صنع ثقباً. وها هي نقود الرب تتسرب عبر ثقب الشيطان.”
― Valentin Rasputin, المهلة الأخيرة

“The promise of a dreamer’s future will always remain greater than their present ability. God will always give them dreams that are further along than their current level of maturity.”
― Wayne Cordeiro

“Praise be to God, Who has so disposed matters that pleasant literary anecdotes may serve as an instrument for the polishing of wits and the cleansing of rust from our hearts.”
― Ahmad Al-Tifashi, The Delight of Hearts: Or What You Will Not Find in Any Book

“Hunger for God compels us to seek the Lord. At times our desire for God overcomes our physical desires, and the ache for God is palpable. Throughout the Scriptures, God is faithful to reward those who search for him. Written during one of King David's low points, while living on the run in the wilderness, he cries, "Oh God, you are my God, earnestly I seek you; my soul thirsts for you, my body longs for you, in a dry and weary land where there is no water." Though David hides in the wilderness, he doesn't stay there physically or spiritually. When we seek God with our whole hearts and souls, he promises to reveal himself to us." -Hungry for God”
― Margaret Feinberg, Hungry for God: Hearing God's Voice in the Ordinary and the Everyday

“Away with them, away; we should not believe fairy stories if we wish to be good. Think of them as persons from the fairy wood.”
― Stevie Smith, Selected Poems

“[God] deposits a dream of what we can be for Him, a dream that acts as our internal honing device.”
― Wayne Cordeiro

“And like an echo, God often uses the repetitive events and themes in daily life to get my attention and draw me closer to himself." - The Sacred Echo”
― Margaret Feinberg, The Sacred Echo: Hearing God's Voice in Every Area of Your Life

“No one can attain to truth by himself. Only by laying stone on stone with the cooperation of all, by the millions of generations from our forefather Adam to our own times, is that temple reared which is to be a worthy dwelling place of the Great God.”
― Leo Tolstoy

“The Official was bending over his desk, staring at the sergeant.

"May I ask you a question?"

"Yes."

"Have you ever thought you were Christ?"

"I can't say that I have. But I have considered that God was good to me to let me find what I was looking for, if that's what you mean.”
― Ray Bradbury, Long After Midnight

“عندما تكون متعبًا أو مرتبكًا ولا تعرف بماذا تدعو ، فادع بأن يحقق الله مايرى أنه الأفضل لك”
― Lee Raffel, I Hate Conflict!: Seven Steps to Resolving Differences with Anyone in Your Life

“God is only where you let Him in”
― Menachem Mendel

“Theology, philosophy, metaphysics, and quantum physics are merely ways for God to have his smart people believe in him”
― Jeremy Aldana

“To put it another way, pain is God's megaphone to rouse a deaf world. Why must it be pain? Why can't he rouse us more gently, with violins or laughter? Because the dream from which we must be wakened, is the dream that all is well.”
― William Nicholson, Shadowlands

“Depend on it. God's work done in God's way will never lack God's supply. He is too wise a God to frustrate His purposes for lack of funds, and He can just as easily supply them ahead of time as afterwards, and He much prefers doing so.”
― Hudson Taylor

“Or consider a story in the Jewish Talmud left out of the Book of Genesis. (It is in doubtful accord with the account of the apple, the Tree of Knowledge, the Fall, and the expulsion from Eden.) In The Garden, God tells Eve and Adam that He has intentionally left the Universe unfinished. It is the responsibility of humans, over countless generations, to participate with God in a "glorious" experiment - the "completing of the Creation."
The burden of such a responsibility is heavy, especially on so weak and imperfect a species as ours, one with so unhappy a history. Nothing remotely like "completion" can be attempted without vastly more knowledge than we have today. But, perhaps, if our very existence is at stake, we will find ourselves able to rise to this supreme challenge.”
― Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space

“But, for a Christian, there are, strictly speaking, no chances. A secret Master of the Ceremonies has been at work. Christ, who said to the disciples "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you," can truly say to every group of Christian friends "You have not chosen one another but I have chosen you for one another." The Friendship is not a reward for our discrimination and good taste in finding one another out. It is the instrument by which God reveals to each the beauties of all the others. They are no greater than the beauties of a thousand other men; by Friendship God opens our eyes to them. They are, like all beauties, derived from Him through the Friendship itself, so that it is His instrument for creating as well as for revealing. At this feast it is He who has spread the board and it is He who has chosen the guests. It is He, we may dare to hope, who sometimes does, and always should, preside. Let us not reckon without our Host.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves

“Look, look,' cried the count, seizing the young man's hands - "look, for on my soul it is curious. Here is a man who had resigned himself to his fate, who was going to the scaffold to die - like a coward, it is true, but he was about to die without resistance. Do you know what gave him strength? - do you know what consoled him? It was, that another partook of his punishment - that another partook of his anguish - that another was to die before him. Lead two sheep to the butcher's, two oxen to the slaughterhouse, and make one of them understand that his companion will not die; the sheep will bleat for pleasure, the ox will bellow with joy. But man - man, who God created in his own image - man, upon whom God has laid his first, his sole commandment, to love his neighbour - man, to whom God has given a voice to express his thoughts - what is his first cry when he hears his fellowman is saved? A blasphemy. Honour to man, this masterpiece of nature, this king of the creation!”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“Different creeds are but different paths to reach the same God.”
― Sri Ramakrishna

“What is this thing called life? I believe
That the earth and the stars too, and the whole glittering universe, and rocks on the mountains have life,
Only we do not call it so--I speak of the life
That oxidizes fats and proteins and carbo-
Hydrates to live on, and from that chemical energy
Makes pleasure and pain, wonder, love, adoration, hatred and terror: how do these things grow
From a chemical reaction?
I think they were here already, I think the rocks
And the earth and the other planets, and the stars and the galaxies
have their various consciousness, all things are conscious;
But the nerves of an animal, the nerves and brain
Bring it to focus; the nerves and brain are like a burning-glass
To concentrate the heat and make it catch fire:
It seems to us martyrs hotter than the blazing hearth
From which it came. So we scream and laugh, clamorous animals
Born howling to die groaning: the old stones in the dooryard
Prefer silence; but those and all things have their own awareness,
As the cells of a man have; they feel and feed and influence each other, each unto all,
Like the cells of a man's body making one being,
They make one being, one consciousness, one life, one God.”
― Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry

“And I understand my sisters when they say every woman has a story that's been told a maxim of one soul, maybe less
And that is why you'll never hear me call a woman slut, bitch or a dyke,
No matter what she does, because I do not blame her
I blame the men who have emotionally and physically raped her,
I blame these corporations whose images tell them they hate her,
And I put my arms on her shoulder and tell her how great to life and
to God that SHE created her”
― Mark Gonzales

“God defines himself as "I am who I am", which also means: My being is such that I shall always be present in every moment of becoming.”
― Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child

“Life, faculties, production-in other words, individuality, liberty, property-this is man. And in spite of the cunning of artful political leaders, these three gifts from God precede all human legislation, and are superior to it.”
― Frederic Bastiat, The Law

“The Lord commands us to do good unto all men without exception, though the majority are very undeserving when judged according to their own merits... [The Scripture] teaches us that we must not think of man's real value, but only of his creation in the image of God to which we owe all possible honor and love.”
― John Calvin, Golden Booklet of the True Christian Life

“He that takes truth for his guide, and duty for his end, may safely trust to God's providence to lead him aright”
― Blaise Pascal

“There are two atheisms of which one is a purification of the notion of God.”
― Simone Weil

“Everything you do is connected to who you are as a person and, in turn, creates the person you are becoming. Everything you do affects those you love. All of life is covenant.
Imbedded in the idea of prayer is a richly textured view of the world where all of life is organized around invisible bonds or covenants that knit us together. Instead of a fixed world, we live in our Father's world, a world built for divine relationships between people where, because of the Good News, tragedies become comedies and hope is born.”
― Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World

“Does there exist an Infinity outside ourselves? Is that infinity One, immanent and permanent, necessarily having substance, since He is infinite and if He lacked matter He would be limited, necessarily possessing intelligence since He is infinite and, lacking intelligence, He would be in that sense finite. Does this Infinity inspire in us the idea of essense, while to ourselves we can only attribute the idea of existence? In order words, is He not the whole of which we are but the part?”
― Victor Hugo

“What the Father gives is the capacity to be a self, freedom, and thus autonomy, but an autonomy which can be understood only as a surrender of self to the other.”
― Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child

“God is a person, and his universe reflects his personhood. The closer something is to the character of God, the more it reflects him and the less it can be measured. Things such as integrity, beauty, hope, and love are all in the same category as prayer. You can tell their presence and even describe them, but you can't define them, simply because they are too close to God's image.”
― Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World

“In Christ, for the first time, we see that in God himself there exists--within his inseparable unity--the distinction between the Father who gives and the Gift which is given (the Son), but only in the unity of the Holy Spirit.”
― Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child

“God, listen to the absurdity within us and raise us from the illusion!”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“I am not an ape, I am a man. The world has been created by God. Man has been created by God. It is not possible for man to understand God - God understands God. Man is God and therefore understands God. I am God. I am a man. I am good and not a beast. I am an animal with reason. I have flesh, I *am* flesh, I am not descended from flesh. Flesh is created by God. I am God. I am God. I am God.”
― Vaslav Nijinsky, The Diary of Vaslav Nijinsky

“Come, my child," I said, trying to lead her away. "Wish good-bye to the poor hare, and come and look for blackberries."

"Good-bye, poor hare!" Sylvie obediently repeated, looking over her shoulder at it as we turned away. And then, all in a moment, her self-command gave way. Pulling her hand out of mine, she ran back to where the dead hare was lying, and flung herself down at its side in such an agony of grief as I could hardly have believed possible in so young a child.

"Oh, my darling, my darling!" she moaned, over and over again. "And God meant your life to be so beautiful!”
― Lewis Carroll, Sylvie and Bruno

“Meditating on the nature and dignity of prayer can cause saying at least one thing to God: Lord, teach us to pray!”
― Karl Rahner, The Need and the Blessing of Prayer

“The English experience suggested that nobody really doubted the existence of God until theologians tried to prove it.”
― Alister E. McGrath, The Twilight of Atheism: The Rise and Fall of Disbelief in the Modern World

“If you want nothing to do with god then why do you say his name all the time”
― Emily Reimer

“We have to believe in a God who is like the true God in everything except that he does not exist, since we have not reached the point where God exists.”
― Simone Weil

“...for liberty is an acknowledgment of faith in God and His works.”
― Frédéric Bastiat

“A prayer is a chat with thy God.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Why do men have nipples? Because God is a woman and she really wants us to enjoy ourselves, that's why.”
― Cameron Dean, Passionate Thirst

“Everybody's lookin for God everywhere on the outside. He ain't in no book, and He ain't in no preacher, and He ain't in nothin or no one on the outside. You got to go inside 'cause that's where God is- in the deepest place inside you. And ain't nobody gon' make God tell you nothin. Ain't nobody gon' have no wisdome 'bout nothin if they thinks they can read 'bout it or hear about it from some man or woman. That got to come from revelation. That got to come from the Holy Spirit inside us, and that ain't somethin that can be bargained for. You can't achieve revelation. You can't work for what's free.”
― Ron Hall, Denver Moore

“Even on the cross He did not hide Himself from sight; rather, He made all creation witness to the presence of its Maker.”
― St. Athanasius, On the Incarnation

“What Brahman is cannot be described. All things in the world — the Vedas, the Puranas, the Tantras, the six systems of philosophy — have been defiled, like food that has been touched by the tongue, for they have been read or uttered by the tongue. Only one thing has not been defiled in this way, and that is Brahman. No one has ever been able to say what Brahman is.”
― Sri Ramakrishna, Sayings of Sri Ramakrishna

“Those who set up a fictitious worship, merely worship and adore their own delirious fancies; indeed, they would never dare so to trifle with God, had they not previously fashioned him after their own childish conceits.”
― John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion

“Past boldness is no assurance of future boldness. Boldness demands continual reliance on God's spirit.”
― Andy Stanley

“The Self-revealing of the Word is in every dimension - above, in creation; below, in the Incarnation; in the depth, in Hades; in the breadth, throughout the world. All things have been filled with the knowledge of God.”
― St. Athanasius, On the Incarnation

“The nativity mystery “conceived from the Holy Spirit and born from the Virgin Mary”, means, that God became human, truly human out of his own grace. The miracle of the existence of Jesus , his “climbing down of God” is: Holy Spirit and Virgin Mary! Here is a human being, the Virgin Mary, and as he comes from God, Jesus comes also from this human being. Born of the Virgin Mary means a human origin for God. Jesus Christ is not only truly God, he is human like every one of us. He is human without limitation. He is not only similar to us, he is like us.”
― Karl Barth, Dogmatics in Outline

“...he said firmly, "God can help you. All the men I’ve seen in your position turned to Him in their time of trouble." "Obviously," I replied, "they were at liberty to do so, if they felt like it." I, however, didn’t want to be helped, and I hadn’t time to work up interest for something that didn’t interest me.”
― Albert Camus, The Stranger

“The body of the Word, then, being a real human body, in spite of its having been uniquely formed from a virgin, was of itself mortal and, like other bodies, liable to death. But the indwelling of the Word loosed it from this natural liability, so that corruption could not touch it. Thus is happened that two opposite marvels took place at once: the death of all was consummated in the Lord's body; yet, because the Word was in it, death and corruption were in the same act utterly abolished.”
― St. Athanasius, On the Incarnation

“When God has specially promised the thing, we are bound to believe we shall recieve it when we pray for it. You have no right to put in an 'if', and say, 'Lord, if it be thy will..." This is to insult God. To put an 'if' in God's promise when God has put none there, is tantamount to charging God with being insincere.”
― Charles G. Finney

“if god had intended us to follow recipes, He wouldn't have given us grandmothers.”
― Linda Henley

“All simple souls must admire and respect one another, saying: 'Let us proceed each one along our path to the same goal, united in purpose and by means of God's order which, in its great variety, is in us all.”
― Jean-Pierre de Caussade, The Sacrament of the Present Moment

“The world today is fast becoming one.Humanity is one, God is one and mankind are all part of one human family.
all Religions are connected, and they all lead to faith in the one God, no matter what name we give him he is but one God.”
― Naeem Abdullah, Islam: A Favor to Humanity

“In the Bible, the opposite of Sin, with a capital 'S,' is not virtue - it's faith: faith in a God who draws all to himself in his resurrection.”
― Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace

“What is important is not the specific manner in which God is worshiped but the degree to which the devotee is filled with love. (48-49)”
― Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras

“(About changing faith) At our best, Christians embrace it, leaving enough space within orthodoxy for God to surprise us every now and then.”
― Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions

“Morality is everywhere the same for all men, therefore it comes from God; sects differ, therefore they are the work of men.”
― Voltaire, A Pocket Philosophical Dictionary

“Creation is thus God's presence in creatures. The Greek Orthodox theologian Philip Sherrard has written that "Creation is nothing less than the manifestation of God's hidden Being." This means that we and all other creatures live by a sanctity that is inexpressibly intimate, for to every creature, the gift of life is a portion of the breath and spirit of God. (pg. 308, Christianity and the Survival of Creation)”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“I lay there with my mind running amuck, on the brink of madness. And somehow, gradually, early Sunday morning, I became calm. I can't think of any other word for it. I was thinking about the beach poem again, and I started to feel that I was being looked after, that everything was OK. It was strange: if there was ever a time in my life when I had the right to feel alone this was it. But I lost that sense of loneliness. I felt like there was a force in the room with me, not a person, but I had a sense that there was another world, another dimension, and it would be looking after me. It was like, "This isn't the only world, this is just one aspect of the whole thing, don't imagine this is all there is.”
― John Marsden, A Killing Frost

“I suddenly knew that religion, God - something beyond everyday life - was there to be found, provided one is really willing. And I saw that though what I felt in the church was only imagination, it was a step on the way; because imagination itself can be a kind of willingness - a pretense that things are real, due to one's longing for them. It struck me that this was somehow tied up with what the Vicar said about religion being an extension of art - and then I had a glimpse of how religion can really cure you of sorrow; somehow make use of it, turn it to beauty, just as art can make sad things beautiful.

I found myself saying: 'Sacrifice is the secret - you have to sacrifice things for art and it's the same
with religion; and then the sacrifice turns out to be a gain.' Then I got confused and I couldn't hold on to what I meant - until Miss Blossom remarked: 'Nonsense, duckie - it's prefectly simple. You lose yourself in something beyond yourself and it's a lovely rest.'

I saw that, all right. Then I thought: 'But that's how Miss Marcy cured her sorrow, too - only she lost herself in other people instead of in religion.' Which way of life was best - hers or the Vicar's? I decided that he loves God and merely likes the villagers, whereas she loves the villagers and merely likes God - and then I suddenly wondered if I could combine both ways, love God and my neighbor equally. Was I really willing to?”
― Dodie Smith

“In my hands is power. The power to hear or to destroy. To grant life or to cause death. I revere this gift, have honed it over time an art as magnificent and awesome as any painting in the Louvre.
I an art, I am science. In all ways that matter, I am God.
God must be ruthless and far-sighted. God studies his creations and selects. The best of these creations must be cherished, protected, sustained. Greatness rewards perfection.
Yet even the flawed have purpose.
A wise God experiment, considers, uses what comes into his hands and forges wonders. Yes, often without mercy, often with a violence the ordinary condemn.
We who hold power cannot be detracted by the condemnations of the ordinary, by the petty and pitiful laws of simple man. They are blind, their minds are closed with fear-fear of pain, fear of death. They are too limited to comprehend that death can be conquered.
I have nearly done so.
If my work was discovered, they, with their foolish laws and attitudes, would damn me.
When my work is complete, they will worship me.”
― J.D. Robb, Conspiracy in Death

“In ridiculing a pathetic human fallacy, which seeks explanation where none need be sought and which multiplies unnecessary assumptions, one should not mimic primitive ontology in order to challenge it. Better to dispose of the needless assumption altogether. This holds true for everything from Noah's flood to the Holocaust.”
― Christopher Hitchens

“No, I thought, growing more rebellious, life has its own laws and it is for me to defend myself against whatever comes along, without going snivelling to God about sin, my own or other people's. How would it profit a man if he got into a tight place, to call he people who put him there miserable sinners? Or himself a miserable sinner? I disliked the levelling aspect of this sinnerdom, it was like a cricket match played in a drizzle, where everybody had an excuse - and what a dull excuse! - for playing badly. Life was meant to test a man, bring out his courage, initiative, resource; and I longed, I thought, to be tested: I didn't want to fall on my knees and call myself a miserable sinner.
But the idea of goodness did attract me, for I did not regard it as the opposite of sin. I saw it as something bright and positive and sustaining, like the sunshine, something to be adored, but from afar.”
― L.P. Hartley, The Go-Between

“My mother believed in God's will for many years. It was af if she had turned on a celestial faucet and goodness kept pouring out. She said it was faith that kept all these good things coming our way, only I thought she said "fate" because she couldn't pronounce the "th" sound in "faith".

And later I discovered that maybe it was fate all along, that faith was just an illusion that somehow you're in control. I found out the most I could have was hope, and with that I wasn't denying any possibility, good or bad. I was just saying, If there is a choice, dear God or whatever you are, here's where the odds should be placed.

I remember the day I started thinking this, it was such a revelation to me. It was the day my mother lost her faith in God. She found that things of unquestioned certainty could never be trusted again.

We had gone to the beach, to a secluded spot south of the city near Devil's Slide. My father had read in Sunset magazine that this was a good place to catch ocean perch. And although my father was not a fisherman but a pharmacist's assistant who had once been a doctor in China, he believed in his nenkan, his ability to do anything he put his mind to. My mother believed she had nenkan to cook anything my father had a mind to catch. It was this belief in their nenkan that had brought my parents to America. It had enabled them to have seven children and buy a house in Sunset district with very little money. It had given them the confidence to believe their luck would never run out, that God was on their side, that house gods had only benevolent things to report and our ancestors were pleased, that lifetime warranties meant our lucky streak would never break, that all the elements were now in balance, the right amount of wind and water.”
― Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club

“I don't believe in God. And I certainly don't feel chosen."

"I think you may be."

I smiled dubiously. "Thank you."

"It is not meant as a compliment. Hazard makes you elect. You cannot elect yourself.”
― John Fowles, The Magus

“As a child I had been taught to say my prayers at the start of every day, and so it did not seem an odd thing for me to stand out in the field and say "Oh God whatever happens today let it be under your perfect control.”
― John Masters, 2 Pork Chops!

“There are many problems which could only
be solved by generations which are still to be
born later. It's only one way of many how God
gives answers to human problems and prayers.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Different states of consciousness project different images of God–loving or vengeful or jealous, energetic or terrifying, and different images of God affect the nature and quality of our response to God. . . . The image or idea of God as wrathful and jealous will have a different effect than the image or the idea of God as loving. Similarly, whether God is regarded as male or female will have a significant impact on the culture. (29)”
― Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra

“S'il n'existait pas Dieu il faudrait l'inventer." (If God did not exist he would have to be invented.)”
― Voltaire, Francois-Marie Arouet Voltaire, Francois-Marie Arouet

“I saw my real gods . . the gods of most men. Food, drink, and security in conformity.”
― Anne Rice

“Your father is the only God. You can also become god but you must follow a simple rule and let that rule be made up of love.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“The mathematicians are the priests of the modern world.”
― Bill Gaede, Why God Doesn't Exist

“A certain wise man once said that God didn't play dice with the universe, but that man was wrong. Sometimes I think He must even try Russian roulette. ”
― Daina Chaviano, The Island of Eternal Love

“As I accepted my death and dissolution into God's love, the insectoids began feeding on my heart, devouring the feelings of love and surrender. They were interested in emotion. As I was holding on to my last thought - that God is love - they asked, "Even here? Even here?”
― Rick Strassman, Inner Paths to Outer Space: Journeys to Alien Worlds through Psychedelics & Other Spiritual Technologies

“I was insanely jealous of Lucille. More jealous than I'd ever been of anyone in my entire life. Because she truly meant it. All I could think was, why can't I be as stupid as Lucille? Why can't I blame all my successes and all my failures on The Lord Jesus Christ Almighty? I would be so fucking happy if I lived like that. ”
― Tiffanie DeBartolo, God-Shaped Hole

“Imagine a very long time passing - and I find my way out, following someone who already knows how to leave Hell. And God says to me on Earth for the first time, "Xas!" in a tone of discovery, as if I'm a misplaced pair of spectacles or a stray dog. And he puts it to me that he wants me in Heaven. But Lucifer has doubled back - it was him I followed - to find me, where I am, in a forest, smitten, because the Lord has noticed me, and I'm overcome, as hopeless as your dog Josie whom you got rid of because she loved me.' Xas glared at Sobran. Then he drew a breath - all had been said on only three. He went on: 'Lucifer says to God the He can't have me. And at this I sit up and tell Lucifer that I didn't even think he knew my name, then say to God no thank you - very insolent this - and that Hell is endurable so long as the books keep appearing.”
― Elizabeth Knox, The Vintner's Luck

“It is sad that unless you are born a god, your life,from its very beginning, is a mystery to you.”
― Jamaica Kincaid, The Autobiography of My Mother

“Trust in Him at all times, you people; pour out your heart before Him; God is a refuge for us. Selah”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: The New King James Version

“Jude leaped out of arm's reach, and walked along the trackway weeping--not from the pain, though that was keen enough; not from the perception of the flaw in the terrestrial scheme, by which what was good for God's birds was bad for God's gardener; but with the awful sense that he had wholly disgraced himself before he had been a year in the parish, and hence might be a burden to his great-aunt for life.”
― Thomas Hardy

“Those who attempt to search into the majesty of God will be overwhelmed with His Glory!”
― Thomas à Kempis

“The theological perspective of participation actually saves the appearances by exceeding them. It recognizes that materialism and spiritualism are false alternatives, since if there is only finite matter there is not even that, and that for phenomena really to be there they must be more than there. Hence, by appealing to an eternal source for bodies, their art, language, sexual and political union, one is not ethereally taking leave of their density. On the contrary, one is insisting that behind this density resides an even greater density – beyond all contrasts of density and lightness (as beyond all contrasts of definition and limitlessness). This is to say that all there is only is because it is more than it is. (...)

This perspective should in many ways be seen as undercutting some of the contrasts between theological liberals and conservatives. The former tend to validate what they see as the modern embrace of our finitude – as language, and as erotic and aesthetically delighting bodies, and so forth. Conservatives, however, seem still to embrace a sort of nominal ethereal distancing from these realities and a disdain for them. Radical orthodoxy, by contrast, sees the historic root of the celebration of these things in participatory philosophy and incarnational theology, even if it can acknowledge that premodern tradition never took this celebration far enough. The modern apparent embrace of the finite it regards as, on inspection, illusory, since in order to stop the finite vanishing modernity must construe it as a spatial edifice bound by clear laws, rules and lattices. If, on the other hand, following the postmodern options, it embraces the flux of things, this is an empty flux both concealing and revealing an ultimate void. Hence, modernity has oscillated between puritanism (sexual or otherwise) and an entirely perverse eroticism, which is in love with death and therefore wills the death also of the erotic, and does not preserve the erotic as far as an eternal consummation. In a bizarre way, it seems that modernity does not really want what it thinks it wants; but on the other hand, in order to have what it thinks it wants, it would have to recover the theological. Thereby, of course, it would discover also that that which it desires is quite other than it has supposed”
― John Milbank, Radical Orthodoxy: A New Theology

“God is only a word dreamed up to explain the world”
― Alphonse de Lamartine

“The place to cure most of the ills of society is in the homes of the people.”
― Joseph B. Wirthlin

“It was as if we'd only been gone the weekend. Or had we been gone a lifetime. Part of that was because when you've lived in Alaska, living in other places seems easier, less challenging, less threatening. Alaska had enlarged each of us. No one is ever the same after coming back from Alaska.”
― Peter Jenkins, Looking For Alaska

“The world is a garden of philosophy. God is its gardener; Man is the visitor.
And any tree that does not bear fruits of philosophy either does not belong to
that garden or is yet to be grown.”
― Kedar Joshi

“In Rwanda, one person's God is another person's Satan

-Thérèse Nyirabayovu”
― Karl Maier, Into the House of the Ancestors: Inside the New Africa

“Dr Sass…maintained that in paradise, until the time of the fall, the whole world was flat, the back-curtain of the Lord, and that it was the devil who invented a third dimension. Thus are the words ‘straight’, ‘square’, and ‘flat’ the words of noblemen, but the apple was an orb, and the sin of our first parents, the attempt at getting around God. I myself much prefer the art of painting to sculpture”
― Isak Dinesen

“The Creator has – I say it in all reverence - drawn a myriad red herrings across the track, but the true scientist refuses to be baffled by superficial appearances in detecting the secrets of Nature. The vulgar herd catches at the gross apparent fact, but the man of insight knows what lies on the surfaces does lie.”
― Israel Zangwill, The Big Bow Mystery

“God doesn't act like the Church. No, instead, the Church must act like God.”
― Kim Clement

“برغم أن وجود الله ليس مرتبطاً بإيماننا; لكن إدراكنا لهذا الوجود مرتبط كلياً بحجم إيماننا”
― مصطفى مستور , وجه الله

“God steals my soul.”
― Harley King

“I think that must be a lot like how God has it--not to sound as if I think I'm anything like God, mind you. But the whole idea--sitting up there behind glass you can't be seen through. The person down below looks up and it's just a reflection of themselves, a mirror is what they see. But behind the glass, somebody who loves you more than anything is watching, and is hoping for the best for you, and cheering you on, and is loving you even when you are doing something you shouldn't be.”
― Suzanne Strempek Shea, Lily of the Valley

“Do you ever feel like we are the universe’s date to a pig party?
Love,
The Human Race”
― Christy Leigh Stewart

“People are not being reached in the context of the body of Christ--they're like newborn babies being left on a doorstep somewhere to feed and care for themselves.”
― Peter E. Gillquist, Becoming Orthodox: A Journey to the Ancient Christian Faith

“Let us tell them the painful truth, that most of these works of art are about God, whom we never mention in polite society.”
― Ananda K. Coomaraswamy, Christian and Oriental Philosophy of Art - Why Exhibit Works of Art?

“In the West we are so addicted to the notion of progress that we project this idea onto our spiritual life, and can become very confused by the dawning realization that He whom we seek is always with us, that we are always close to Him but do not know it. The spiritual path is a process of revealing this nearness, the intimacy of love that is always with us.”
― Llewellyn Vaughan-Lee, The Circle of Love

“Only is a bird doesn't swim in the ocean but flies in the air can it enter the ocean from above; only because God is not temporal can he enter into time.”
― Peter Kreeft, Pocket Handbook of Christian Apologetics

“Dios se aburre igual que el Diablo. El uno arriba y el otro abajo bostezan lúgubremente de la misma manera.”
― Roberto Arlt, Los lanzallamas

“My destiny is to remind you to look up from the castles you're building in the sand long enough to notice the cathedrals that God's building all around you - without you, without your sweat, without your tears, without your consent. While you dream your dreams, he's busy building your destiny. And there is as much beauty in your destiny as there was in your dream. Let go and believe that whatever its is, it will be beautiful.”
― Glennon Doyle Melton, Carry On, Warrior: Thoughts on Life Unarmed

“Foolish is the man, and there are many such men, who would rid himself or his fellows of discomfort by setting the world right, by waging war on the evils around him, while he neglects that integral part of the world where lies his business, his first business, namely, his own character and conduct.”
― George MacDonald, Hope of the Gospel

“On peut chercher dans Dieu le complice et l'ami qui manquent toujours. Dieu est l'éternel confident dans cette tragédie dont chacun est le héros.”
― Charles Baudelaire, Intimate Journals

“Those of us who embrace the feminine know its strength.”
― Betsy Cornwell

“أي عمل تتوكل على الله فيه انسه تماماً، لأنك إن توكلت على الله فهذا يعني أنك وضعت ثقتك في إتمام هذا العمل بمن يملك الأمور كلّها، ومن السماوات والأرض من بعض مربوباته، ومن يجير ولا يجار عليه”
― علي بن جابر الفيفي, لأنك الله: رحلة إلى السماء السابعة

“There is only one all-pervading God. It has no religion, no incarnation. It is free from all contaminations.”
― Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations

“We degrade God too much, ascribing to him our ideas, in vexation at being unable to understand Him.”
― Dostoyevsky, The Idiot

“Thank you Heavenly Father. You heard my petition. You have answered my plea.
May your name be glorified and be praised.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Night doesn’t fall for my eyes
But my idea of the night is that it falls for my eyes.
Beyond my thinking and having any thoughts
The night falls concretely
And the shining of stars exists like it had weight.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Satan is too hard a master. He would never command as did the Other with divine simplicity: 'Do likewise.' The devil will have no victims resemble him. He permits only a rough caricature, impotent, abject, which has to serve as food for eternal irony, the mordant irony of the depths.”
― Georges Bernanos, The Diary of a Country Priest

“Fear nothing but your conscience.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If we become aware that someone is sending thoughts of ill will in our direction, we do not argue with the apparent reality of malice. To do so would give it more substance. We remove the personal sense of ourself and the other person.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“In our worldly perceptions of Jesus, we tend to embrace the kindness of his love ('be encouraged') but not the discipline of his love ('and sin no more'). But with the whole scope of his love, or maturity in Christ, we begin relying on him for guidance where we would prefer him to walk beside us rather than behind us.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“God is only as strong as your belief in him.”
― Sachin Kumar Puli

“Courage is the starting point of everything good. To love another is to automatically feed the fire of courage. We cannot be humiliated when we are fighting for someone or something we love. We will not give up when we are fighting for loved ones. As we evolve, our loved ones extend out from our family to include all of humanity. Courage and confidence will grow over the years with practice and self-awareness. We are never alone. God will help us. Such is the courage which gains respect from others. More importantly, we gain respect for ourselves.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“(يا بنيّ إنها إن تك مثقال حبة من خردل فتكن في صخرة أو في السماوات أو في الأرض يأت بها الله إن الله لطيف خبير)
فلا تيأس وربك لطيف لما يشاء. تأمل حبة الخردل! إنك لا تكاد تراها إن لم تكن محدّقا فيها: انظر إلى حجمها بالنسبة لكفك، ثم بالنسبة لحجم الغرفة مثلا، ثم البيت، ثم قارن حجمها بحيّك، ثم بمدينتك، ثم بدولتك، وبعد ذلك بقارّتك، ثم بالأرض، ثم بالسماوات الفسيحة، ثِق: إن أرادها الله فسيأتي بها "إن الله لطيف خبير”
― علي بن جابر الفيفي, لأنك الله: رحلة إلى السماء السابعة

“Greatness comes from the inside and once you believe you have it, it's yours to share with the world.”
― Chris Burkmenn

“He doesn’t stop a lot of things that cause him pain. Your world is severely broken. You demanded your independence, and now you are angry with the one who loved you enough to give it to you. Nothing is as it should be, as Papa desires it to be, and as it will be one day. Right now your world is lost in darkness and chaos, and horrible things happen to those that he is especially fond of… Papa has never needed evil to accomplish his good purposes. It is you humans who have embraced evil and Papa has responded with goodness. What happened to Missy was the work of evil and no one in your world is immune from it.”
~Sophia”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“I believe that water is the closest thing to a god we have here on Earth. We are in awe of its power and majestic beauty. We are drawn to it as if it’s a magical, healing force. We gestate in water, are made of water, and need to drink water to live. We are living in water.”
― Alex Z. Moores, Living in Water

“The character of Jesus is the character of God. God would never do something Jesus would find morally reprehensible, so if you can’t find it in Jesus, then you really ought to think twice before you claim you’ve found it in God.”
― Austin Fischer, Young, Restless, No Longer Reformed: Black Holes, Love, and a Journey in and Out of Calvinism

“When you find that a theology has nothing more to offer than what the world already offers, then that theology as a theology is impractical, and therefore, useless.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Your faith is your conscience, and your conscience is your faith. You cannot have faith without a conscience, but you can have a conscience without faith. Man was designed to be good with or without religion, yet the challenge for many is staying good. Some people claim to be religious but have no conscience, while some people without religion are very much aware of their conscience. Therefore, a religious label does not define your character or validate your worth. In the end, all men will be judged by the amount of truth in them and the weight of their hearts. The heavier the conscience, the heavier the truth. The lighter the heart, the higher it goes. The only spiritual currency one has in the afterlife is amassed in the form of light, in that, the amount you have depends on the weight of your words and deeds in the living. Conscience is everything. Conscience is what connects us to the truth and light of the highest power source of all. God. The cosmic heart of the universe.”
― Suzy Kassem

“As followers of Christ, we are to be careful not to remain victims of the many cultural presuppositions of who he is, and what he teaches, insofar as taking for granted our own caricatures of him. Let it boil in both mind and heart the question, 'If Jesus were to appear today, how many of us would actually recognize him and his teachings (or would it simply be a recount of his first visit)?”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Only in the silence of our mind are we One.”
― Vivian Amis, The Essentials of Life

“Relationships are valuable no matter who they are between.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“يرضّ الجدري جسد أيوب عليه السلام، تتشتت أسرته، تتبعثر أملاكه، أكثر الناس تفاؤلا يفقد الأمل في شفائه، وهو صابر محتسب! تشتعل الأسقام في جسده وهو منكّس الرأس لمولاه، وبعد سنوات البلاء، يندّ من شفتيه دعاء حيي، دعاء منكّس رأسه بذلة، دعاء ممتلئ باليقين: "أنّي مسني الضر وأنت أرحم الراحمين”
― علي بن جابر الفيفي, لأنك الله: رحلة إلى السماء السابعة

“Religion, like science, is only noteworthy when it emphasizes a matter of what is true rather than whose belief is greater or lesser or which deity works for whom. Sincere religion and tested science are similar in that their assertions can be argued logically and objectively; otherwise, we get false cults and babble.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Hannah was reminded of what her bishop had said to her when she'd spoken to him of her dreams. "Our mind has a way of working out our fears, but God--he has a way of making us a new creature if we let him.”
― Vannetta Chapman, Murder Simply Brewed

“But, as I know that strength arising from obedience has a way of simplifying things which seem impossible, my will very gladly resolves to attempt this task although the prospect seems to cause my physical nature great distress; for the Lord has not given me strength enough to enable me to wrestle continually both with sickness and with occupations of many kinds without feeling a great physical strain. May He Who has helped me by doing other and more difficult things for me help also in this: in His mercy I put my trust.”
― Teresa of Ávila, Interior Castle

“O Heavenly Children, God's messengers are as limitless as the fish in the sea. They come in all colors, regions, languages and creeds. But their message is one and the same, don't you see? He only wishes to unite all His children under one family tree.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Is it not the same distance to God everywhere?”
― Epictetus, Of Human Freedom

“An ugly face needs make-up; that's why Man needs religion.”
― Sabah Carrim, Humeirah

“God have pity on the smell of gasoline
which finds its way like an arm
through a car window,
more human than kerosene,
more unctuous, more manly.”
― S. Jane Sloat, In the Voice of a Minor Saint

“the gods play no
favorites.”
― Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense

“You can’t selectively numb your anger, any more than you can turn off all lights in a room, and still expect to see the light.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Rather than remain a sealed jar, she sought only to pour herself out to others. Everything she did mirrored her faith. It was as though every waking hour of the day she was devoted to pleasing her God by serving others. This God that she worshiped consumed her. It didn't ask for a brief visit to a temple, or a small votive offering of food or coin, or a few prayers every now and then. This God wanted all of her.”
― Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind

“The Steadfast Love of the Lord is not Seasonal; His Mercies do not have winter or summer days... They are new every now and then.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Isn’t that the way God works? She’d thought. He takes the things in our lives that are ugly, disgusting, and downright wicked, and transforms them into something magnificent.”
― J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret

“When the door of opportunity of your storehouse opens for you, let faith and hope enter first. When your faith leads the way, you will locate the source of your hidden treasures.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“We are often harsher judges than God himself.”
― Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human

“There’s enough metaphysics in not thinking about anything.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“If you drop your beliefs, you drop your success. God's mighty people begin to fall even as achievers when they begin to drop the beliefs they pursue at first.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes

“Grace is God-given power to live differently.”
― Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human

“...I am not, however, militant in my atheism. The great English theoretical physicist Paul Dirac is a militant atheist. I suppose he is interested in arguing about the existence of God. I am not. It was once quipped that there is no God and Dirac is his prophet.”
― Linus Pauling

“...there is nothing unforgivable and there are no secrets before an all-knowing merciful God.”
― J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret

“The Laws Of God, The Laws Of Man

The laws of God, the laws of man
He may keep that will and can;
Not I: Let God and man decree
Laws for themselves and not for me;
And if my ways are not as theirs
Let them mind their own affairs.
Their deeds I judge and much condemn,
Yet when did I make laws for them?
Please yourselves, Say I, and they
Need only look the other way.
But no, they will not; they must still
Wrest their neighbor to their will,
And make me dance as they desire
With jail and gallows and hellfire.
And how am I to face the odds
Of man's bedevilment and God's?
I, a stranger and afraid
In a world I never made.
They will be master, right or wrong;
Though both are foolish, both are strong.
And since, my soul, we cannot fly
To Saturn nor to Mercury,
Keep we must, if keep we can
These foreign laws of God and man.”
― A.E. Housman, Complete Poems Centennial Edition

“Man has 2 common problems with God: the one is that there is evil in the world; the other is that free will is limited. The one, he is charging that the world is too evil; the other is that it is not evil enough.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“My grace is sufficient for thee. The words soothed her soul like a healing balm.”
― J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret

“A stagecoach passed by on the road and went on;
And the road didn’t become more beautiful or even more ugly.
That’s human action on the outside world.
We take nothing away and we put nothing back, we pass by and we forget;
And the sun is always punctual every day.

(5/7/14)”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“God transforms us one area at a time.”
― Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human

“Also at times, on the surface of streams,
Water?bubbles form
And grow and burst
And have no meaning at all
Except that they’re water?bubbles
Growing and bursting.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“Don’t be lookin up at no sky for help. Look down here, at us twisted dreamers.”
― D.B.C. Pierre

“I don’t always feel what I know I should feel.
My thought crosses the river I swim very slowly
Because the suit men made it wear weighs it down.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“We must surrender ourselves to God, not our assignments.”
― E'yen A. Gardner, Humbly Submitting to Change - The Wilderness Experience

“We start our lives with blues . . . with music. It's our first language. It's the rhythm of the womb. It's your mama's heartbeat inside your head.”
― David Mutti Clark, Professor Brown Shoes Teaches the Blues

“There are no roses in my yard: what wind brought you?
But I suddenly come from far away. I was sick for a moment.
No wind whatsoever brought you now.
Now you’re here.
What you were isn’t you, or else the whole rose would be here.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“A time is coming when the whole round world will know that God reigns and that God is Love, when hell and heaven, life and death, sin and salvation, will be read and understood aright at last.”
― Oswald Chambers

“Na ca mi-a slabit vederea. Te rogi atata timp sa ti se arate Dumnezeu si cand ai ajuns langa El, nu-L mai vezi.”
― Marin Sorescu, Thirst of the Salt Mountain: Trilogy of Plays

“All beings exist and nothing else
And that’s why they’re called beings”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“I'll look to the cross
As my failure is lost
In the light of
Your glorious grace”
― Hillsong

“And the priests looked down into the pit of injustice and they turned their faces away and said, 'Our kingdom is not as the kingdom of this world. Our life on earth is but a pilgrimage. The soul lives on humility and patience,' at the same time screwing the poor from their last centime. They settled down among their treasures and ate and drank with princes and to the starving they said, 'Suffer. Suffer as he suffered on the cross for it is the will of God.'

And anyone believes what they hear over and over again, so the poor instead of bread made do with a picture of the bleeding, scourged, and nailed-up Christ and prayed to that image of their helplessness. And the priests said, 'Raise your hands to heaven and bend your knees and bear your suffering without complaint. Pray for those that torture you, for prayer and blessing are the only stairways which you can climb to paradise.'

And so they chained down the poor in their ignorance so that they wouldn't stand up and fight their bosses who ruled in the name of the lie of divine right.”
― Peter Weiss, The Persecution and Assassination of Jean-Paul Marat as Performed by the Inmates of the Asylum of Charenton Under the Direction of the Marquis de Sade

“Reason in man is rather like God in the world.”
― Thomas Aquinas

“Let the ruins come to life
In the beauty of Your name
Rising up from the ashes
God forever You reign”
― Hillsong

“God, I am trying to recover my faith. Please don't abandon me in the middle of
this adventure, I prayed, pushing my fears aside.”
― Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept

“I had no real communication with anyone at the time, so I was totally dependent on God. And he never failed me.”
― Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say

“The longer the trial to which God subjects you, the greater the goodness in comforting you during the time of the trial and in the exaltation after the combat.”
― Padre Pio

“Jesus is God's way of refusing to give up his dream for the world.”
― Rob Bell

“A person who goes in search of God is wasting his time. He can walk a thousand roads and join many religions and sects–but he'll never find God that way. God is here, right now, at our side. We can see Him in this mist, in the ground we're walking on, even in my shoes. His angels keep watch while we sleep and help us in our work. In order to find God, you have only to look around. But meeting Him is not easy. The more God asks us to participate in His
mysteries, the more disoriented we become, because He asks us constantly to
follow our dreams and our hearts. And that's difficult to do when we're used to living in a different way. Finally we discover, to our surprise, that God wants us to be happy, because He is the father.”
― Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept

“Sometimes new opportunity means new opposition. Not everything God asks us to do will be comfortable.”
― Joyce Meyer

“If Christ is God, He cannot sin, and if suffering was a sin in and by itself, He could not have suffered and died for us. However, since He took the most horrific death to redeem us, He showed us in fact that suffering and pain have great power.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“God Is, Lucifer is a devil, and there is a Hell.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World Volume 1

“The true Christian can nurture a trustful optimism, because he is certain of not walking alone. In sending us Jesus, the eternal Son made man, God has drawn near to each of us. In Christ he has become our travelling companion.”
― Pope John Paul II

“Fortunately Jesus didn't leave [the disciples]-or any of us-without hope or direction. Where we fail, Jesus succeeded. The only One who as able to recognize and follow His purpose from the beginning was Jesus. He alone was able to obey consistently and please God completely. And His divine mission was to make a way for each of us to do the same.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Prayer at its highest is a two-way conversation-and for me the most important part is listening to God's replies.”
― Frank C. Laubach

“പിരിയുമ്പോള് ,എനിക്ക് വലതും തരിക
ഓര്മ്മക്കായി എന്ന് പീറ്റര് ജീസ്സസിനോട്
ചോദിച്ചു ,ക്രിസ്തുവാകട്ടെ അപ്പമെടുത്ത്
പറഞ്ഞു "ഇതെന്റെ ശരീരമാണ്, നീ ഇത്
ഭക്ഷിക്കുക "പീറ്റര് അപ്പം ഭക്ഷിച്ചു ,ആ
അപ്പം അവന്റെ ശരീരത്തിന്റെ ഭാഗമായി ,ചിന്തയുടെ ഭാഗമായി,ദര്ശനത­
തിന്റെയും് നൃത്തത്തിന്റെയ­
ും ഭാഗമായി,സംഗീതത്തിന്റെയും രതിയുടെയും ഭാഗമായി,കുഞ്ഞുമക്കളുടെ ഭാഗമായി-
അര്ത്ഥമിതാണ് -ദര്ശനങ്ങളുടെ സുഗന്തങ്ങള്
എപ്പോള്
വേണമെങ്കിലും കാലം കവര്ന്നെടുക്കാ­
ം ,എന്നാല് അപ്പം നല്കിയവന്റെ ഓര്മ്മ
എല്ലാ കാലങ്ങളിലും നിലനില്ക്കും-
ജീവിതമെപ്പോഴാണ് വിശുദ്ധമായ ഒരു
തളികയിലെടുത്തു വാഴ്ത്തി വിഭജിച്ചു
നമുക്ക് കൊടുക്കാനാവുക.”
― Boby Jose Kattikad, Hridayavayal | ഹൃദയവയല്‍

“As individuals die every moment, how insensitive and fabricated a love it is to set aside a day from selfish routine in prideful, patriotic commemoration of tragedy. Just as God is provoked by those who tithe simply because they feel that they must tithe, I am provoked by those who commemorate simply because they feel that they must commemorate.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“But now, here she was, very wishful to pray, while not knowing how to explain her dilemma: ‘I’m terribly unhappy, dear, unprobable God—’ would not be a very propitious beginning.”
― Radclyffe Hall, The Well of Loneliness

“God gave laws to His people to bless them, not to burden them. Every rule either elevates the quality of human life or restores one's relationship with God after a breach. He makes no extraneous demands and He is never capricious.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Pretend you are a foolish to the tyrant – because if he realizes you are a genius, he might use you to harm others.”
― A Gentlemen

“It takes faith to find personal significance in your relationship with God rather than how much money you earn, how beautiful you look, how many toys you own, how many trophies you collect, or how much territory you conquer and control.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Again, a conversation with the doctor. We always come back to the same point: "The church may not mix in politics." he says. And I tell him that when you are a Christian and profess that God is almighty, there is no single area of life from which you can eliminate God. -From the diary of Diet Eman”
― Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say

“The human creature, humiliated and offended in ways that are inconceivable to the mind and heart, defies the blind and deaf divinity.”
― Françoise Mauriac

“To say that atheism is not a religion is the equivalent of saying anarchy is not really a political creed”
― Bō Jinn

“Dysfunction comes when we intertwine the church and God and view them as one.”
― Randy Elrod, Sex, Lies & Religion

“Cos if it's encyclopedias we've got enough, like, information... and if it's God, you've got the wrong house.”
― Zadie Smith, White Teeth

“"We live in a world where those things that we never imagine could ever do something, did the best.”
― Jestoni Revealed

“I am trying now to be entirely honest. I did actually comfort in the thought that the Devil had, on Strawless Common, defeated God. I much preferred that thought to the thought that God hadn't cared, hadn't helped Robin. I thought all the way back to the story of Eden. God, all-loving, all-wise, had surely wanted people to be happy and healthy and good; it was the Devil who spoiled it all...and since so many people were miserable and sickly and bad the Devil must indeed by very powerful. The lifeless, voiceless thing, lately a singing boy, which they had cut down and put under a sack in the barn to await an unhallowed cross-road grave seemed to me to prove the power of the Devil."

Lady Alice Rowhedge”
― Norah Lofts, Bless This House

“It seems to me that religion is losing momentum and God is making a comeback.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Pretend you are foolish to the foolish, and be yourself when you are alone or with others like you, because if you take the foolish seriously as your friend, you might be a fool yourself.”
― A Gentlemen

“All I know is that the closer I get to God, the deeper I get into the Bible, and the heavier the burden seems on my shoulders.”
― Tim LaHaye, Tribulation Force

“We have to be ready for the blessings God tosses at us. In order to catch your blessing, you have to let go of your burden.”
― Raylene Roybal

“God is angry with man. Unless we believe and repent we shall all be damned. It is impossible, indeed, for its advocates even to say this without instantly contradicting themselves. Their doctrine frightens them. They explain in various ways that a great many people will be saved without believing, and that eternal damnation is not eternal nor damnation.”
― Leslie Stephen, An Agnostic's Apology and Other Essays

“Hope is magic. Hope is a gift. Hope is a raft we cling to in the midst of a storm. Hope by nature is an independent of logic. Hope is power outside of the facts.
The human mind longs for something better. Hope is not rational. Yet who need rationality when God is on our side? The capacity of hope is the most significant fact in life.”
― Tommy Tran

“Keep me rather in this cage, and feed me sparingly, if you dare. Anything that brings me closer to illness and the edge of death makes me more faithful. It is only when you make me suffer that I feel safe and secure. You should never have agreed to be a god for me if you were afraid to assume the duties of a god, and we know that they are not as tender as all that. You have already seen me cry. Now you must learn to relish my tears.”
― Pauline Réage

“Our love grows soft if it is not strengthened by truth, and our truth grows hard if it is not softened by love.”
― John Stott

“I regard myself as the most wretched of all men, stinking and covered with sores, and as one who has committed all sorts of crimes against his King. Overcome by remorse, I confess all my wickedness to Him, ask His pardon and abandon myself entirely to Him to do with as He will. But this King, filled with goodness and mercy, far from chastising me, lovingly embraces me, makes me eat at His table, serves me with His own hands, gives me the keys of His treasures and treats me as His favorite. He talks with me and is delighted with me in a thousand and one ways; He forgives me and relieves me of my principle bad habits without talking about them; I beg Him to make me according to His heart and always the more weak and despicable I see myself to be, the more beloved I am of God.”
― Brother Lawrence, The Practice of the Presence of God

“What is the scent of water?"
"Renewal. The goodness of God coming down like dew.”
― Elizabeth Goudge, The Scent of Water

“We must never forget to pray, and to ask God to remember us when He is arranging things, so that we too may feel safe and have no anxiety about what is going to happen.”
― Johanna Spyri, Heidi

“The whole world is a theatre for the display of the divine goodness, wisdom, justice, and power, but the Church is the orchestra, as it were—the most conspicuous part of it; and the nearer the approaches are that God makes to us, the more intimate and condescending the communication of his benefits, the more attentively are we called to consider them.”
― John Calvin, Commentary on Psalms - Volume 5

“You might even provide a Heaven for them. We need You for that. Hell we can make for ourselves.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale

“If you want to do the work of God, pay attention to people. Notice them. Especially the people nobody else notices.”
― John Ortberg, Love Beyond Reason: Moving God's Love from Your Head to Your Heart

“The greatest cause in the world is joyfully rescuing people from hell, meeting their earthly needs, making them glad in God, and doing it with a kind, serious pleasure that makes Christ look like the Treasure he is.”
― John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life

“The generality of mankind is lazy. What distinguishes men of genuine achievement from the rest of us is not so much their intellectual powers and aptitudes as their curiosity, their energy, their fullest use of their potentialities. Nobody really knows how smart or talented he is until he finds the incentives to use himself to the fullest. God has given us more than we know what to do with.”
― Sydney J. Harris

“When you suffer, you are being conformed to the image of Jesus. When you pray, you are being made holy in the image of Jesus. When you quietly serve a person in need, you are being shaped into the image of Jesus. When you generously give, your heart is being remade into the image of Jesus, our Lord and Savior.”
― Allen R. Hunt, Confessions of a Mega Church Pastor: How I Discovered the Hidden Treasures of the Catholic Church

“Tears are God's way of cleansing the heart.”
― Rebecca Barlow Jordan

“Even there, in the mines, underground, I may find a human heart in another convict and murderer by my side, and I may make friends with him, for even there one may live and love and suffer. One may thaw and revive a frozen heart in that convict, one may wait upon him for years, and at last bring up from the dark depths a lofty soul, a feeling, suffering creature; one may bring forth an angel, create a hero! There are so many of them, hundreds of them, and we are all to blame for them. [...] If they drive God from the earth, we shall shelter Him underground.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead

“God works in mysterious ways but at least he works, he's never on welfare in a mysterious way.”
― Steven Colbert

“Behavior is the substance of religion. Belief is the substance of relationship.”
― Charles F. Stanley, God's Way Day By Day

“There was a time when skepticism was an act of rebellion. Since to a degree I both believe in evolution and have faith, I can only conclude that, as prophesied, to have faith will someday be an act of rebellion.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Our God Is Alive and Well. Sorry About Yours.”
― Carl Sagan, Contact

“If it is true, if it is beautiful, if it is honorable, if it is right, then claim it. Because it is from God. And you belong to God.”
― Rob Bell

“...I wondered if it was blasphemous to tell God that rainbows are kitsch.”
― Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole

“God always ignores the present perfection for the ultimate perfection.”
― Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest

“God doesn't believe in the easy way.”
― James Agee, A Death in the Family

“The primary purpose of reading the Bible is not to know the Bible but to know God.”
― James Merritt

“Today I wonder why it is God refers to Himself as 'Father' at all. This, to me, in light of the earthly representation of the role, seems a marketing mistake.”
― Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality

“If anybody didn't have a messiah complex, it was Jesus”
― Rob Bell, Velvet Elvis: Repainting the Christian Faith

“Jean was visited by one of her rare moments of happiness, one of those moments when the goodness of God was so real to her that it was like taste and scent; the rough strong taste of honey in the comb and the scent of water. Her thoughts of God had a homeliness that at times seemed shocking, in spite of their power, which could rescue her from terror or evil with an ease that astonished her.”
― Elizabeth Goudge, The Scent of Water

“Through my choices and actions, I have learned the most effective way of speaking to God is without saying a word.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“. . . waves of desert heat . . . I must’ve passed out, because when I woke up I was shivering and stars wheeled above a purple horizon. . . . Then the sun came up, casting long shadows. . . . I heard a vehicle coming. Something coming from far away, gradually growing louder. There was the sound of an engine, rocks under tires. . . . Finally it reached me, the door opened, and Dirk Bickle stepped out. . . .

But anyway so Bickle said, “Miracles, Luke. Miracles were once the means to convince people to abandon reason for faith. But the miracles stopped during the rise of the neocortex and its industrial revolution. Tell me, if I could show you one miracle, would you come with me and join Mr. Kirkpatrick?”

I passed out again, and came to. He was still crouching beside me. He stood up, walked over to the battered refrigerator, and opened the door. Vapor poured out and I saw it was stocked with food. Bickle hunted around a bit, found something wrapped in paper, and took a bottle of beer from the door. Then he closed the fridge, sat down on the old tire, and unwrapped what looked like a turkey sandwich.

He said, “You could explain the fridge a few ways. One, there’s some hidden outlet, probably buried in the sand, that leads to a power source far away. I figure there’d have to be at least twenty miles of cable involved before it connected to the grid. That’s a lot of extension cord. Or, this fridge has some kind of secret battery system. If the empirical details didn’t bear this out, if you thoroughly studied the refrigerator and found neither a connection to a distant power source nor a battery, you might still argue that the fridge had some super-insulation capabilities and that the food inside had been able to stay cold since it was dragged out here. But say this explanation didn’t pan out either, and you observed the fridge staying the same temperature week after week while you opened and closed it. Then you’d start to wonder if it was powered by some technology beyond your comprehension. But pretty soon you’d notice something else about this refrigerator. The fact that it never runs out of food. Then you’d start to wonder if somehow it didn’t get restocked while you slept. But you’d realize that it replenished itself all the time, not just while you were sleeping. All this time, you’d keep eating from it. It would keep you alive out here in the middle of nowhere. And because of its mystery you’d begin to hate and fear it, and yet still it would feed you. Even though you couldn’t explain it, you’d still need it. And you’d assume that you simply didn’t understand the technology, rather than ascribe to it some kind of metaphysical power. You wouldn’t place your faith in the hands of some unknowable god. You’d place it in the technology itself. Finally, in frustration, you’d come to realize you’d exhausted your rationality and the only sensible thing to do would be to praise the mystery. You’d worship its bottles of Corona and jars of pickled beets. You’d make up prayers to the meats drawer and sing about its light bulb. And you’d start to accept the mystery as the one undeniable thing about it. That, or you’d grow so frustrated you’d push it off this cliff.”

“Is Mr. Kirkpatrick real?” I asked.

After a long gulp of beer, Bickle said, “That’s the neocortex talking again.”
― Ryan Boudinot, Blueprints of the Afterlife

“How does "Let go and let God" measure up against Scripture? Remember, the test isn't what sounds deep, what sounds holy, or even what makes sense to us. For the Christian, the test is Scripture.”
― Dan Phillips, The World-Tilting Gospel: Embracing a Biblical Worldview & Hanging on Tight

“The darker side of the City tried to emphasize the selfish parts of me by encouraging my sense of entitlement and my desire for personal space. But God seemed to whisper that the alternative existed: to let Him grow humility and concern for others in a way I had never experienced, to live out His peace amid whirling chaos. (p.67)”
― Tara Leigh Cobble, Crowded Skies: Letters To Manhattan

“Hans clacked his side-lips. "Do you have the sentence in your head that tomorrow's procession will halt this pest of yours, that it will bar the small-lives from the High Woods?"
"If it is as you say, no. No more than prayer can stay a charging horse. But that is not why we pray. God is no cheap juggler as to play for a pfennig.”
― Michael Flynn, Eifelheim

“This hill, though high, I covet to ascend;
The difficulty will not me offend.
For I perceive the way to life lies here.
Come, pluck up, heart; let's neither faint nor fear.
Better, though difficult, the right way to go,
Than wrong, though easy, where the end is woe.”
― John Bunyan, The Pilgrim's Progress

“You may conquer her love of God: you will never overcome her fear of the devil.”
― Pierre A.F. Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses

“Only God can mend a broken heart.”
― Kevin Walker, These Moments Pass: Poems

“But you will imagine that it is best that He should at once enable you to see clearly. If it is, you may be sure He will do it. He never makes mistakes. But He often deals far differently with His disciples. He lets them grope their way in the dark until they fully learn how blind they are, how helpless, how absolutely in need of Him. What His methods will be with you I cannot foretell. But you may be sure that He never works in an arbitrary way. He has a reason for everything He does. You may not understand why He leads you now in this way and now in that, but you may, nay, you must believe that perfection is stamped on His every act.”
― Elizabeth Prentiss, Stepping Heavenward

“In the war of magic and religion, is magic ultimately the victor? Perhaps priest and magician were once one, but the priest, learning humility in the face of God, discarded the spell for prayer.”
― Patti Smith, Just Kids

“People try to persuade us that the objections against Christianity spring from doubt. That is a complete misunderstanding. The objections against Christianity spring from insubordination, the dislike of obedience, rebellion against all authority. As a result, people have hitherto been beating the air in their struggle against objections, because they have fought intellectually with doubt instead of fighting morally with rebellion.”
― Soren Kierkegaard

“If I reveal myself without worrying about how others will respond, then some will care, though others may not. But who can love me, if no one knows me? I must risk it, or live alone.”
― Sheldon B. Kopp

“But what we are given is taken as well, so that we know God's glory comes to us from His will alone.”
― Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers

“Do we behave out of fear of punishment, or out of the demands of our heart? For me, it is the latter, as I would hope is true for all adults, thought I know from bitter experience that such is not often the case. To act in a manner designed to catapult you into heaven would seem transparent to a god, any god,for if ones heart is not in allignment with the creator of that heaven, then... what is the point?”
― R.A. Salvatore, The Ghost King

“Go on, my dear," urges the snake. "Take one. Hear it? 'Pluck me,' it's saying. That big, shiny red one. 'Pluck me, pluck me now and pluck me hard.' You know you want to."

"But God," quotes Eve, putting out feelers for an agent provacateur, clever girl, "expressly forbids us to eat the fruit from the Tree of Knowledge."

"Ah yessssss, God ... But God gave us life, did He not? And God gave us desire, did He not? And God gave us taste, did He not? And who else but God made the damned apples in the first place? So what else is life for but to tassste the fruit we desire?"

Eve folds her arms schoolgirlishly. "God expressly forbade it. Adam said."

The snake grins through his fangs, admiring Eve's playacting. "God is a nice enough chap in His way. I daresay He means well. But between you and The Tree of Knowledge, He is terribly insecure."

"Insecure? He made the entire bloody universe! He's omnipotent."

"Exactly! Almost neurotic, isn't it? All this worshiping, morning, noon, and night. It's 'Oh Praise Him, Oh Praise Him, Oh Praise the Everlassssting Lord.' I don't call that omnipotent. I call it pathetic. Most independent authorities agree that God has never sufficiently credited the work of virtual particles in the creation of the universssse. He raises you and Adam on this diet of myths while all the really interesting information is locked up in these juicy apples. Seven days? Give me a break.”
― David Mitchell, Ghostwritten

“There is something infantile in the presumption that somebody else (parents in the case of children, God in the case of adults) has a responsibility to give your life meaning and point. . . . The truly adult view, by contrast, is that our life is as meaningful, as full and as wonderful as we choose to make it. And we can make it very wonderful indeed.”
― Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion

“It is just as crazy not to be crazy about Christ as it is to be crazy about anything else.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“It is reasonable to love the Absolute absolutely for the same reason it is reasonable to love the relative relatively.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“The human brain has the unique ability to doubt the reality presented to itself. To comprehend the dissonance between ideas and the truth of the surrounding world. God knows this, and it infuriates him. It terrifies him.”
― Autumn Christian, The Crooked God Machine

“No Temple made by mortal human hands can ever compare to the Temple made by the gods themselves. That building of wood and stone that houses us and that many believe conceals the great Secret Temple from prying eyes, somewhere in its heart of hearts, is but a decoy for the masses who need this simple concrete limited thing in their lives. The real Temple is the whole world, and there is nothing as divinely blessed as a blooming growing garden.”
― Vera Nazarian, Dreams of the Compass Rose

“God is not an exclamation point. He is, at his best, a semicolon, connecting people, and generating what Aldous Huxley called “human grace.” Somewhere along the way, we’ve lost sight of this.”
― Eric Weiner, Man Seeks God: My Flirtations with the Divine

“I learned that one person hurting another really is like a hand curling into a fist to smash the foot. And that all that really matters is family and other people. And that the purpose of life is to find the Light of God, but not the light from some old guy with a beard sitting up there judging us. The light is the love we give each other on our way back home. And that God wouldn’t mind if we spent a little less time telling him how great he is and a little more time loving each other, and not just the people we’re supposed to love, but everyone.”
― Paul H. Magid, Lifting the Wheel of Karma

“The truest of all truths is this: You are a child of God. Out of more than six billion people on earth now, He knows your name, what you fear and what you revere. He cares about the things you care about. He wants your happiness and success, and will reach to the farthest corner of the universe to see that you obtain your noblest dreams.”
― Toni Sorenson

“The trouble with me, he thought unhappily, is that I have been about the world long enough to know that God's plans for us, however infallibly good, may not take the form we expect and demand.”
― Ellis Peters, One Corpse Too Many

“I have to ask myself how I can possibly expect to know Jesus as he would want to be known if my life remains unscathed by trouble and grief. How can I hope to grasp anything of God's heart for this broken planet if I never weep because its brokenness touches me and breaks my heart? How can I reflect his image if I never share in his sufferings? And how will any of us ever learn to treasure his hesed and grace if we never experience phases where these blessings seem absent?”
― Carolyn Custis James

“Strange how it is that men never act crueler than when they're fighting for the sake of an idea. We've been killing since Cain over who stands closer to god. It seems to me that cruelty is just in the way of things. You drive yourself mad if you take it all personal. Those who hurt you don't have the power over you they would like. That's why they do what they do.”
― Marcel Theroux, Far North

“God is not someone you meet when you die. His smiling face will be the first and the most familiar to greet you on the other side of mortality. You’ll recognize Him and know in your heart of hearts that you’re not entering a new sphere, but returning home to the place you’ve always belonged.”
― Toni Sorenson

“It wasn't necessary to know your own demons in order to find God.”
― Paulo Coelho

“Every human being has divinity encased within its spirit and it is the task of its creator as well as itself to set it free. No human being is an end product, every being still breathing is a creation still under creation.”
― Toni Sorenson

“A new concept of god: “something not very different from the sum total of the physical laws of the universe; that is, gravitation plus quantum mechanics plus grand unified field theories plus a few other things equaled god. And by that all they meant was that here were a set of exquisitely powerful physical principles that seemed to explain a great deal that was otherwise inexplicable about the universe. Laws of nature…that apply not just locally, not just in Glasgow, but far beyond: Edinburgh, Moscow…Mars…the center of the Milky Way, and out by the most distant quarters known. That the same laws of physics apply everywhere is quite remarkable. Certainly that represents a power greater than any of us.”
― Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God

“God, nevertheless, required a little help from men, and what he mostly got was hindrance.”
― Ellis Peters, A Morbid Taste for Bones

“people don't get me
it's more rule than exception
God bless exceptions”
― Beth Myrle Rice, Clips & Consequences: a memoir

“The only way Jesus can be our King is if we allow Him to be our Servant”
― Stuart Greaves

“oh my soul...be prepared for him who knows how to ask questions”
― William P. Young, The Shack

“Ik zou een héél boek willen schrijven over een kiezelsteen en over een paars viooltje. Ik zou met één enkele kiezelsteen heel lang kunnen leven en een gevoel kunnen hebben in Gods machtige natuur te leven.”
― Etty Hillesum, ETTY: The Letters and Diaries of Etty Hillesum, 1941-1943

“God tests, but he does not tempt.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Her eyes were of different colors, the left as brown as autumn, the right as gray as Atlantic wind. Both seemed alive with questions that would never be voiced, as if no words yet existed with which to frame them. She was nineteen years old, or thereabouts; her exact age was unknown. Her face was as fresh as an apple and as delicate as blossom, but a marked depression in the bones beneath her left eye gave her features a disturbing asymmetry. Her mouth never curved into a smile. God, it seemed, had withheld that possibility, as surely as from a blind man the power of sight. He had withheld much else. Amparo was touched—by genius, by madness, by the Devil, or by a conspiracy of all these and more. She took no sacraments and appeared incapable of prayer. She had a horror of clocks and mirrors. By her own account she spoke with Angels and could hear the thoughts of animals and trees. She was passionately kind to all living things. She was a beam of starlight trapped in flesh and awaiting only the moment when it would continue on its journey into forever.” (p.33)”
― Tim Willocks, The Religion

“Anyone who has learned the Quran and holds it lovingly in his heart will 'value his nights when people are asleep, his days when people are given to excess, his grief when people are joyful, his weeping when people laugh, his silence when people chatter and his humility when people are arrogant'. In other words every moment of life will be precious to him, and he should therefore be 'gentle', never harsh nor quarrelsome, 'nor one who makes a clamour in the market nor one who is quick to anger'.”
― Ibn Mas'ud

“The theistic philosopher has a tendency to devalue insufficient worldviews, ideologies, and quite often common sense for the greater good, and in such cases, one should not be discouraged when seen as a bad guy. If he stresses over man's perception of a righteous heart, then he has given his heart to man.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Bridge-players tell me that there must be some money on the game 'or else people won't take it seriously'. Apparently it's like that. Your bid - for God or no God, for a good God or the Cosmic Sadist, for eternal life or nonentity - will not be serious if nothing much is staked on it. And you will never discover how serious it was until the stakes are raised horribly high, until you find that you are playing not for counters or for sixpences but for every penny you have in the world.”
― C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed

“You twitch as the darkness moves in and out of you. It crawls up your spine and nestles in your brain like an evil thought from out of nowhere, burying itself in your psyche like a starving leech looking for a vein.”
― Stephen Biro, Hellucination

“The most destructive thing we can possibly do in life is to make another person doubt his worth and identity as a child of God. The very most productive thing we can do is to help ourselves and others realize that as children of God, our worth is infinite.”
― Toni Sorenson

“In a way, the futile excuses many people use to cover their superstitions are demolished. They think it is enough to have some sort of religious fervor, however ridiculous, not realizing that true religion must be according to God's will as the perfect measure; that He can never deny Himself and is no mere spirit form to be changed around according to individual preference.”
― John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion

“Prayer [is] the quiet, persistent living of our life of desire and faith in the presence of our God.”
― Andrew Murray, With Christ in the School of Prayer

“The end then of learning is to repair the ruins of our first parents by regaining to know God aright, and out of that knowledge to love him, to imitate him, to be like him, as we may the nearest by possessing our souls of true virtue, which being united to the heavenly grace of faith makes up the highest perfection.”
― John Milton, Milton on Education, the Tractate of Education,: With Supplementary Extracts from Other Writings of Milton

“Live near to God, and so all things will appear to you little In comparison to eternal realities.--”
― Robert Murray McCheyne

“Now there are some, and I don't just mean Communists like you, but thinking men of all political parties, who think that not many of these gods actually exist. Some believe that none of them exist. There's just us and an ocean of darkness around us. I'm no philosopher or poet, how would I know the truth? It's true that all these gods seem to do awfully little work - much like our politicians - and yet keep winning reelection to their golden thrones in heaven, year after year. That's not to say I don't respect them, Mr. Premier! Don't you ever let that blasphemous idea into your yellow skull. My country is the kind where it pays to play it both ways: the Indian entrepreneur has to be straight and crooked, mocking and believing, sly and sincere, at the same time.”
― Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger

“Love is love. It is God-given, and a sacrament. It is not for any man to judge.”
― Kathleen McGowan, The Poet Prince

“God gives us not only the truth but also the ability to believe it; not only the new thing to see but also the new eye to see it with.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“There is something deep within us that sobs at endings. Why, God, does everything have to end? Why does all nature grow old? Why do spring and summer have to go?”
― Joe L. Wheeler

“Fear cannot stay in the same house as Jesus Christ.”
― Jack Coe

“The Boss is an honorable man. After the Lord, the most godly person I've ever met."
"You've met God?"
"Certainly. I telephone Him every night.”
― Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase

“The Shield was another of the Fear's names. According to Laughter, it means he shields the seed of Abraham the way a man starting a fire shields the flame. When Sarah was about to die childless, the Fear gave her a son. When Abraham was about to slaughter the son, the Fear gave him the ram. He is always shielding us like a guttering wick, Laughter said, because the fire he is trying to start with us is a fire that the whole world will live to warm its hands at. It is a fire in the dark that will light the whole world home.”
― Frederick Buechner, The Son of Laughter

“GOD. Sometimes I think there might be a god out there, and that every once in a while he tunes in to see what we're up to, and have a good laugh at how we like to dress him up in various costume. Robes, thorny crowns, yarmulkes and curls, saris and butt-hugging yoga pants. Male, female, a genderless reincarnation factory; a Mother Earth or a withholding Father Christmas. I would think it would amuse the hell out of him. That we're all idolaters, worshiping figments of our own creation who bear no resemblance to him.
Maybe he's sitting in some alternate dimension somewhere, saying, 'Shit, I didn't even create the world! I was just cooking my dinner, not paying attention to the heat, and suddenly here was this big band and a few hours later, a bunch of dinosaurs...”
― Suzanne Morrison, Yoga Bitch: One Woman's Quest to Conquer Skepticism, Cynicism, and Cigarettes on the Path to Enlightenment

“Boy you really missed the boat. I’ll make it simple, so’s even fuckin you can understand. Papa God growed us up till we could wear long pants; then he licensed his name to dollar bills, left some car keys on the table, and got the fuck outta town”. Water rushes to his eye-holes. “Don’t be lookin up at no sky for help. Look down here, at us twisted dreamers”. He takes hold of my shoulders, spins me around, and punches me towards the mirror on the wall. “You’re the God. Take responsibility. Exercise your power”
― DBC Pierre

“Contemplative prayer is natural, unprogrammed; it is perpetual openness to God, so that in the openness his concerns can flow in and out of our minds as he wills.”
― Ray Simpson, Exploring Celtic Spirituality

“We are not to be occupied with our feelings or symptoms,
or our faith or lack of faith,
but only with what God has said”
― Gordon Lindsay

“Next to us is not the workman whom we have hired, with whom we love so well to talk, but the workman whose work we are.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“Lift up your heads, ye people,
lift up your faces, too,
open your mouths to sing His praise,
and the rain will fall on you.”
― Aimee Semple McPherson

“An entire nation shook under the power of one man’s [MLK’s] dream! Now if one dream can do that for our nation, imagine what a dream can do for the Church.”
― Wayne Cordeiro

“Was I sorry that I chose to come by hand cart? No. Neither then nor any minute of my life since. The price we paid to become acquainted with God was a privilege to pay and I am thankful that I was privileged to come in the Martin Hand Cart Company.”
― Francis Webster

“No one knows the Truth, but those who have the Truth”
― Samone Sherrell

“i'd rather be beautiful on thee inside where it is never seen by the world but always seen by the one true living God”
― Samone Sherrell

“Self distrust is good, but only if it leads to trust in God. Otherwise it ends as spiritual paralysis, inability and unwillingness to undertake any course of action.”
― Alan Cole

“Is it a time for you, you I say, to dwell in your roofed-in houses?' (Haggai 1:4). The reply might have been that it was unreasonable to expect anyone to live in a roofless house, but the question made its point. What worth did they set on their God, when they left His Temple in ruins?”
― Joyce G Baldwin

“Let us be today’s Christians. Let us not take fright at the boldness of today’s church. With Christ’s light let us illuminate even the most hideous caverns of the human person: torture, jail, plunder, want, chronic illness. The oppressed must be saved, not with a revolutionary salvation, in mere human fashion, but with the holy revolution of the Son of Man, who dies on the cross to cleanse God’s image, which is soiled in today’s humanity, a humanity so enslaved, so selfish, so sinful.”
― Oscar A. Romero, The Violence of Love

“What have we been doing all these centuries but trying to call God back to the mountain, or, failing that, raise a peep out of anything that isn't us? What is the difference between a cathedral and a physics lab? Are not they both saying: Hello? We spy on whales and on interstellar radio objects; we starve ourselves and pray till we're blue.”
― Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters

“At the end of time when God judges us humans, I just hope He remembers to judge Himself as well.”
― Indra Sinha, Animal's People

“The first fruit of love is the musing of the mind on God. He who is in love, his thoughts are ever upon the object. He who loves God is ravished and transported with the contemplation of God. "When I awake, I am still with thee" (Psalm 139:18). The thoughts are as travelers in the mind. David's thoughts kept heaven-road. "I am still with Thee." God is the treasure, and where the treasure is, there is the heart. By this we may test our love to God. What are our thoughts most upon? Can we say we are ravished with delight when we think on God? Have our thoughts got wings? Are they fled aloft? Do we contemplate Christ and glory?... A sinner crowds God out of his thoughts. He never thinks of God, unless with horror, as the prisoner thinks of the judge.”
― Dallas Willard, The Great Omission: Reclaiming Jesus's Essential Teachings on Discipleship

“Providence is wiser than you, and you may be confident it has suited all things better to your eternal good than you could do had you been left to your own option.”
― John Flavel, The Mystery of Providence

“Unfortunates, who ought to begin with God, do not have any hope in him till they have exhausted all other means of deliverance.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“On a high mountain I stood,
And cried the name of Ali, Lion of God.
O Ali, Lion of God, King of Men,
Bring joy to our sorrowful hearts.”
― Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner

“I take leave to contradict those who say that salvation is an evolution! All that ever can be evolved out of the sinful heart of man is sin-and nothing else! Salvation is the free gift of God, by Jesus Christ, and the work of it is supernatural. It is done by the Lord Himself, and He has power to do it, however weak, no, however dead in sin, the sinner may be!”
― C.H. Spurgeon

“We are here to witness. There is nothing else to do with those mute materials we do not need. Until Larry teaches his stone to talk, until God changes his mind, or until the pagan gods slip back to their hilltop groves, all we can do with the whole inhuman array is watch it.”
― Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters

“In relationship to God one can not involve himself to a certain degree. God is precisely the contradiction to all that is 'to a certain degree'.”
― Søren Kierkegaard, Provocations: Spiritual Writings of Kierkegaard

“Righteousness and love, law and grace, life and death, as well as time and eternity all intersect at the cross; displaying a divine wisdom that staggers the imagination and leads the humble heart to bow in thankful adoration. To understand the cross of Christ is to understand the heart of God toward a fallen world He wants to save.”
― Steven Cook

“It doesn’t cause me to doubt God’s existence, but it does force me to admit there’s a lot about God I don’t understand.”
― Carolyn Custis James, The Gospel of Ruth: Loving God Enough to Break the Rules

“And the news got worse. It appeared that there was this whole other person Jesus Christ whose birthday a lot of people tended to confuse with mine. I was personally outraged. It was a long time before I forgave the Lord for that.”
― Ava Gardner, Ava: My Story

“What use, after all, is man, if not to teach God His lessons?”
― Peter Shaffer, Amadeus

“Earthly contemplation means to the Christian, we have said, this above all: that behind all that we directly encounter the Face of the incarnate Logos becomes visible... Contemplation does not ignore the "historical Gethsemane," does not ignore the mystery of evil, guilt and its bloody atonement. The happiness of contemplation is a true happiness, indeed the supreme happiness; but it is founded upon sorrow.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“To their simple, degenerate minds there was only one thing to do when faced by a God more powerful than their own: Convert.
Brandon Sanderson(Elantris)”
― Brandon Sanderson, Elantris

“But somehow, once you start playing behind the steering wheel of God, you realize just how powerful it is to be the imagination driving the natural world (64).”
― Kola Boof, The Sexy Part of the Bible

“I have yet to hear God's audible voice, although I have often felt led by God in more subtle ways.”
― Tony Dungy, Quiet Strength: The Principles, Practices & Priorities of a Winning Life

“God of the impossible, maker of all miracles, I stand in awe of You, I'm so amazed by how You reach into my brokenness, make me beautiful again, I believe yes, I believe nothing is impossible with You.”
― Sarah Reeves

“The mind is constituted to accept the god of the more powerful. If you have to choose between the god of the slave owner and the god of the enslaved, naturally you will choose the former . . .”
― Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger

“Epicure a dit: ou Dieu veut empêcher le mal et ne le peut, ou il le peut et ne le veut, ou il ne le peut ni ne le veut, ou il le veut et le peut. S'il le veut et ne le peut, il est impuissant; s'il le peut et ne le veut, il est pervers; s'il ne le peut ni ne le veut, il est impuissant et pervers; s'il le veut et le peut, que ne le fait-il, mon père ?”
― Anatole France, Les Dieux Ont Soif

“This is perhaps the hardest truth of any to grasp. Do we wake up every morning amazed that we are loved by God?”
― David Ford

“Here is the paradox of the thing we call freedom: the farther we wander from God and the more we try to break free from him, the more enchained we become. Every step we take away from Him leads us farther from the freedom of Jesus and closer to the cruelty of Cain.”
― Steven James, Story

“(God) being the old man invented in order to, and with whom to, hold long conversations.”
― Milan Kundera, Encounter

“If there was a God he reasoned it would have the same relation to us as we have to blades of grass. Do we make them grow? Yes in the sense that we water the lawn. Do we care for them and worry over them? Again as a lawn but not as individual blades. We don't give them names. We just want them to look nice and green. A God who created the earth would want it to look nice an blue from space. He would sit back after a long day of creating things and think to himself now that's what a planet should look like.”
― Tom Lichtenberg, Time Zone

“Slowly, God is opening my eyes to needs all around me. In Scripture, God revisits this issue of caring for the poor- an echo that repeats itself from Genesis to Revelation. The Bible acknowledges that the poor will always be part of society, but God takes on their cause. The Mosaic law of the Old Testament is filled with regulations to prevent and eliminate poverty. The poor were given the right to glean- to take produce from the unharvested edges of the fields, a portion of the tithes, and a daily wage. The law prevented permanent slavery by releasing Jewish bondsmen and women on the sabbatical and Jubilee year and forbade charging interest on loans. In one of his most tender acts, God made sure that the poor- the aliens, widows, and orphans- were all invited to the feasts.”
― Margaret Feinberg, The Sacred Echo: Hearing God's Voice in Every Area of Your Life

“Do I believe in God? Sure. So I believe the Bible is the arbiter of theological knowledge? There it gets a little hazy.”
― Don Hoesel, Elisha's Bones

“God is always working in every detail of our lives to help us turn our heart toward him. The life we've always wanted is found in Jesus.”
― Gary Heim and Lisa Heim, True North: Choosing God in the Frustrations of Life

“When I think of existence, I cannot help but wonder, "What is life, anyway?" Where do I fit in the grand scheme of life? What is the point of it, anyway? Is this a test—and if so, am I passing it?”
― C.J. Sinclair, I Beg to Differ

“Engage in no pursuit in which you cannot look up unto God, and say, 'Bless me in this, my Father!”
― Legh Richmond

“Prayer is asking God to incarnate, to get dirty in your life. Yes, the eternal God scrubs floors. For sure we know he washes feet. So take Jesus at his word. Ask him. Tell him what you want. Get dirty. Write out your prayer requests; don't mindlessly drift through life on the American narcotic of busyness. If you try to seize the day, the day will eventually break you. Seize the corner of his garment and don't let go until he blesses you. He will reshape the day.”
― Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World

“Men will trust in God no further than they know Him; and they cannot be in the exercise of faith in Him one ace further than they have a sight of His fulness and faithfulness in exercise.”
― Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections

“Call it the Human Mission-to be all and do all God sent us here to do. And notice-the mission to be fruitful and conquer and hold sway is given both to Adam and to Eve. 'And God said to them...' Eve is standing right there when God gives the world over to us. She has a vital role to play; she is a partner in this great adventure. All that human beings were intended to do here on earth-all the creativity and exploration, all the battle and rescue and nurture-we were intended to do together. In fact, not only is Eve needed, but she is desperately needed.

When God creates Eve, he calls her an ezer kenegdo. 'It is not good for the man to be alone, I shall make him [an ezer kenegdo]' (Gen. 2:18 Alter). Hebrew scholar Robert Alter, who has spent years translating the book of Genesis, says that this phrase is 'notoriously difficult to translate.' The various attempts we have in English are "helper" or "companion" or the notorious "help meet." Why are these translations so incredibly wimpy, boring, flat...disappointing? What is a help meet, anyway? What little girl dances through the house singing "One day I shall be a help meet?" Companion? A dog can be a companion. Helper? Sounds like Hamburger Helper. Alter is getting close when he translates it "sustainer beside him"

The word ezer is used only twenty other places in the entire Old Testament. And in every other instance the person being described is God himself, when you need him to come through for you desperately.”
― Stasi Eldredge, Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul

“When confronted with suffering that won't go away or with even a minor problem, we instinctively focus on what is missing,...not on the Master's hand. Often when you think everything has gone wrong, it's just that you're in the middle of a story. If you watch the stories God is weaving in your life, you... will begin to see the patterns. You'll become a poet, sensitive to your Father's voice.”
― Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World

“Christ.

No, not Christ. These leavings were made in propitiation of a much older God than the Christian one. People
have called Him different things at different times, but Rachel’s sister gave Him a perfectly good name, I think:
Oz the Gweat and Tewwible, God of dead things left in the ground, God of rotting flowers in drainage ditches,
God of the Mystery.”
― Stephen King, Pet Sematary

“Nothing will unfold for us unless we move toward what
looks to us like nothing: faith is a cascade.”
― Alice Fulton

“as the needs of all living things must, we have proved that it is a very safe thing to trust in the Lord our God.”
― Amy Carmichael, Gold Cord

“Our obedience is God's pleasure when it proves that God is our treasure. This is good news, because it means very simply that the command to obey is the command to be happy in God. The commandments of God are only as hard to obey as the promises of God are hard to believe. The Word of God is only as hard to obey as the beauty of God is hard to cherish.”
― John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God

“In all of knowable reality, God is unique. He is knowable not like the multiplication table or the table of elements; he alone is knowable as the one totally in control of being known. He is not at the disposal of the human mind. He is known when he wills to be known. Yet he is known in and through created reality, which is known naturally. Therefore the glory of God is exalted most not when we know God apart from observation and reading and study, but when we know God as a result of his free and gracious self-revelation in and through our earnest observation of and meditation on his work and Word in history.”
― John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God

“Her (Mary's) Son first had to be the Child of the Father in order then to become man and be capable of taking up on his shoulders the burden of a guilty world.”
― Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child

“If there was a controlling power outside the universe, it could not show itself to us as one of the facts inside the universe -no more than the architect of a house could actually be a wall or staircase or fireplace in that house. The only way in which we could expect it to show itself would be inside us as an influence or a command trying to get us to behave in a certain way. And that's just what we do find inside us.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Case for Christianity

“O Lord, I am further away from me than from You!”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“But he looks no more than thirty. He's very handsome-- so much you will admit; nor will you deny that he is very wealthy and very powerful; the greatest nobleman in Brittany. He will make me a great lady.'
'God made you that, Aline.”
― Rafael Sabatini, Scaramouche

“I suppose therefore God is the connoisseur of filthied hearts and souls, and can see the old, the first pattern in them, and cherish them for that.”
― Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture

“But that is the nature of true grace and spiritual light, that it opens to a person's view the infinite reason there is that he should be holy in a high degree. And the more grace he has, and the more this is opened to view, the greater sense he has of the infinite excellency and glory of the divine Being, and of the infinite dignity of the person of Christ, and the boundless length and breadth and depth and height of the love of Christ to sinners. And as grace increases, the field opens more and more to a distant view, until the soul is swallowed up with the vastness of the object, and the person is astonished to think how much it becomes him to love this God and this glorious Redeemer that has so loved man, and how little he does love. And so the more he apprehends, the more the smallness of his grace and love appears strange and wonderful: and therefore he is more ready to think that others are beyond him.”
― Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections

“As we wait and pray, God weaves his story and creates a wonder. Instead of drifting between comedy (denial) and tragedy (reality), we have a relationship with the living God, who is intimately involved with the details of our worlds. We are learning to watch for the story to unfold, to wait for the wonder.”
― Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World

“Mary thus learns that the Most High has ever borne a Son in his bosom, and that this Son has now chosen her bosom as dwelling-place.”
― Hans Urs von Balthasar, Unless You Become Like This Child

“But somehow, standing in the clear night air, under a sky that glowed like a shower of sparks, none of that stuff mattered. It slipped off me. It was like shedding your clothes before you step in the shower. I felt I was down to essentials again. In fact I felt very close to God at that moment. I guess if you're ever going to feel close to God it'll be while you're looking at the heavens.”
― John Marsden, The Night Is for Hunting

“Without a spiritual wakefulness to divine purposes and connections in all things, we will not know things for what they truly are.”
― John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God

“No, I don't believe it," Joseph said. "From listening to my father and grandfather talk about El Shaddai, I think he's different from the gods of Egypt. I think that none of us could ever be good enough for God. I think of Him as being so good that a human can't even enter His presence. A man would die if he did. I think God's merciful, Rashidi. I think he forgives us because he loves us, just as we forgive our children because we love them.
"Rashidi's eyes brightened. "A God that loves people! Now there's a new thought!”
― Gilbert Morris, Till Shiloh Comes

“Do I have YOUR permission to be a Supernatural God? If I want to open heaven, and in a moment in time, touch the heart of a daughter and supernaturally break all the darkness, shame, and torment in her life, MAY I DO THAT?”
― Jim Anderson, Unmasked: Exposing the Cultural Sexual Assault

“But then again, that's what the Book of Job was about to her, a cautionary tale about wanting there to be a God, wanting there to be someone who could enact what a God could enact, or who could sanction what the Devil would do. You want this, people? You want these kinds of powers? No, you don't, and here's why, and here's why it's sheer vanity to want them in any other entity. Look what sort of violence would rain down. Poor Job, sure, poor Job with his hives and his financial losses — though who needs three thousand camels? — and too bad about the kids, forgive me, they were delicious, so sweet and so cold, sure, too bad, but it's God who's the miserable bastard here. Look what he got himself up to! No good could come of that type of power; that's what the writer of the Book of Job was saying, and she knew the writer was right.”
― Michelle Latiolais, Widow: Stories

“Please, dear God of happiness, show the radiance of your spectrum to our world, which here means to forget everything.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Does anybody know which are the thoughts of God, even if they are plants, mountains, sky, stars or whatever else?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Can I tell from the twilight from which the world is built that I am a sunrise in this life?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Once we are a creation, how much absurdity can there be in our heart without God the Creator.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“...the wise words of a friend and guide rang in my head. 'How would you distinguish a true servant of God from a traitor?...You should take especial notice of how a person speaks, not of other things, but of God.”
― Harry Blamires, Highway To Heaven

“Whoever extolleth him as a God of love, doth not think highly enough of love itself. Did not that God want also to be judge? But the loving one loveth irrespective of reward and requital.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“But saints and angels behold that glory of God which consists in the beauty of His holiness; and it is this sight only that will melt and humble the hearts of men, wean them from the world, draw them to God, and effectually change them. A sight of the awful greatness of God may overpower men's strength, and be more than they can endure; but if the moral beauty of God be hid, the enmity of the heart will remain in its full strength. No love will be enkindled; the will, instead of being effectually gained, will remain inflexible. But the first glimpse of the moral and spiritual glory of God shining into the heart produces all these effects as it were with omnipotent power, which nothing can withstand.”
― Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections

“I remembered Robyn telling me the story of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, and how they'd survived: when the King chucked them in the furnace and an angel or someone went in with them. The furnace blazed all around them but they didn't burn.

And it did calm me. I don't know if it was Robyn or an angel or even God himself was in the boot, but I was starting to suspect that whenever I wanted God, he was there. Only not necessarily in the form I wanted, or doing what I wanted...In the pitch of the black boot I clung to the image of a fiery furnace, and it wasn't the furnace or Hell either.”
― John Marsden, The Night Is for Hunting

“You speak of doing good to the world. Is the world such a small thing? And who are you, pray, to do good to the world? First realise God, see Him by means of spiritual discipline. If He imparts power you can do good to others; otherwise not.”
― Sri Ramakrishna, Sayings of Sri Ramakrishna

“God remains silent so that men and women may speak, protest, and struggle. God remains silent so that people may really become people. When God is silent and men and women cry, God cries in solidarity with them but doesn't intervene. God waits for the shouts of protest.”
― Elsa Tamez

“There is an old joke that went around- it goes, in the beginning God made man in His own image, and since the fall, man has been seeking to return the compliment.”
― Alistair Begg

“Common to all these types is the anthropomorphic character of their conception of God. In general, only individuals of exceptional endowments, and exceptionally high-minded communities, rise to any considerable extent above this level. But there is a third stage of religious experience which belongs to all of them, even though it is rarely found in a pure form: I shall call it cosmic religious feeling. It is very difficult to elucidate this feeling to anyone who is entirely without it, especially as there is no anthropomorphic conception of God corresponding to it.”
― Albert Einstein, The World As I See It

“Having an answer is a comfort. It's when you start asking questions and those questions pull threads in the larger fabric, you're forced to wonder what you're left with. And for people of any age, it's scary to think the fabric of the universe - or the universe as you've always believed it existed - can just unwind, you know?”
― Robin Epstein, God Is in the Pancakes

“Genetic code is a divine writing.”
― Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident], Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“O my God, how does it happen in this poor world that you are so great and yet nobody finds you, that you call so loudly and yet nobody hears you, that you are so near and yet nobody feels you, that you give yourself to everybody and yet nobody knows your name? Men flee from you and say they cannot find you; they turn their backs and say they cannot see you; they stop their ears and say they cannot hear you.”
― Hans Denck

“All questions of right to one side, I have never been able to banish the queasy inner suspicion that Israel just did not look, or feel, either permanent or sustainable. I felt this when sitting in the old Ottoman courtyards of Jerusalem, and I felt it even more when I saw the hideous 'Fort Condo' settlements that had been thrown up around the city in order to give the opposite impression. If the statelet was only based on a narrow strip of the Mediterranean littoral (god having apparently ordered Moses to lead the Jews to one of the very few parts of the region with absolutely no oil at all), that would be bad enough. But in addition, it involved roosting on top of an ever-growing population that did not welcome the newcomers.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“God abides in men"

"God abides in men,
These are men who are simple,
they are fields of corn...
Such men have minds
like wide grey skies,
they have the grandeur
that the fools call emptiness.

God abides in men.

Some men are not simple,
they live in cities
among the teeming buildings,
wrestling with forces
as strong as the sun and the rain.
Often they must forgo dream upon dream...
Christ walks in the wilderness
in such lives.
God abides in men,
because Christ has put on
the nature of man, like a garment, and worn it to his own shape.
He has put on everyone's life...
to the workman's clothes to the King's red robes,
to the snowy loveliness of the wedding garment...
Christ has put on Man's nature,
and given him back his humanness...

God abides in man.”
― Caryll Houselander, The Flowering Tree

“I choose to believe God had a more direct involvement in the creation of my heart and consciousness than in the creation of any book, no matter how thick or old it may be.”
― P.S. Baber, Cassie Draws the Universe

“Were the judgments of mankind correct, custom would be regulated by the good. But it is often far otherwise in point of fact; for, whatever the many are seen to do, forthwith obtains the force of custom. But human affairs have scarcely ever been so happily constituted as that the better course pleased the greater number. Hence the private vices of the multitude have generally resulted in public error, or rather that common consent in vice which these worthy men would have to be law.”
― John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion

“It comes as no surprise to find [Norman] Mailer embracing [in the book On God] a form of Manicheanism, pitting the forces of light and darkness against each other in a permanent stand-off, with humanity as the battlefield. (When asked if Jesus is part of this battle, he responds rather loftily that he thinks it is a distinct possibility.) But it is at points like this that he talks as if all the late-night undergraduate talk sessions on the question of theism had become rolled into one. 'How can we not face up to the fact that if God is All-Powerful, He cannot be All-Good. Or She cannot be All-Good.'

Mailer says that questions such as this have bedevilled 'theologians', whereas it would be more accurate to say that such questions, posed by philosophers, have attempted to put theologians out of business. A long exchange on the probability of reincarnation (known to Mailer sometimes as “karmic reassignment”) manages to fall slightly below the level of those undergraduate talk sessions. The Manichean stand-off leads Mailer, in closing, to speculate on what God might desire politically and to say: 'In different times, the heavens may have been partial to monarchy, to communism, and certainly the Lord was interested in democracy, in capitalism. (As was the Devil!)'

I think it was at this point that I decided I would rather remember Mailer as the author of Harlot's Ghost and The Armies of the Night.”
― Christopher Hitchens

“Every organized religion holds that certain behaviors, rituals, personalities, places, and/or books are sacred. These organized teachings are proper in their own place, but they are mere options for the one infused with devotion. To such a one, God is direct and spontaneous, providing him with an immediate source of guidance and direction. His relationship with God is not mediated through anyone or anything. (104)”
― Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras

“If you seek for supreme predator, go find God.
He hunts the prime killer of mankind, the Satan.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“I revere the word of God for I love its poetic force. I loathe the word of God for I hate its cruelty. The love is a difficult love for it must incessantly separate the luminosity of the words and the violent verbal subjugation by a complacent God. The hatred is a difficult hatred for how can you allow yourself to hate words that are part of the melody of life in this part of the world? Words that taught us early on what reverence is?”
― Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon

“Não importava que Deus no céu fosse católico, protestante ou hindu. O que importava era uma coisa mais profunda, mais antiga e mais forte do que qualquer imagem dessas: um conceito do bem baseado na afirmação da vida, na repulsa à destruição, à perversidade, ao uso e abuso do homem pelo homem. Era a afirmação do humano e do natural.”
― Anne Rice, The Witching Hour

“The divine is always abominable.
"Houses Under The Sea”
― Caitlín R. Kiernan

“They served "Good Food" but only a G, an O and a D were lit up. Personally, I doubted God dined there. Unless God was keen on samonella poisoning and rat droppings in the hamburgers. But then again, what did I know?”
― Julie Kenner, Torn

“God listens through the atomic door of love.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“At the beginning was The Word.
Today I see That in great quotes.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“There either is a god or there is not; there is a 'design' or not.”
― Christopher Hitchens

“God's dream is interwoven into reality by humans.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“You know we talked about where people go when they die. I just believe you go someplace and I seen her layin there and I thought maybe she wouldn't go to heaven because, you know, I thought she wouldn't and I thought about God forgivin people and I thought about if I could ask God to forgive me for killin that son of a bitch because you and me both know I ain't sorry for it and I reckon this sounds ignorant but I didn't want to be forgiven if she wasn't. I didn't want to do or be nothin that she wasn't like going to heaven or anything like that.”
― Cormac McCarthy

“I am who I am', said God to Moses regarding His name,
because none was worth to be compared to His godhead.”
― Toba Beta

“Who but the sports-mad [Norman] Mailer would liken the battle between God and the Devil to a game of American football? The contest, for sure, has with [sic] own laws (so that after God and the Devil 'tackle a guy, they don't kick him in the head'), but each side is not above cheating—with God breaking the rules occasionally by throwing in 'a miracle'. Strangely, Mailer doesn’t mention Jesus in this agonising analogy, but then the notion of the 'super-sub' may be an image too far even for him.”
― Christopher Hitchens

“A winner smiles and a looser cries. The God looks at them and says,'Sorry, guys!”
― Santosh Kalwar

“... the proper self-knowledge and self-love of every created thing is ipso facto a participation in the knowledge and love of God. The entire universe moves by desire for the Highest Good simply because every part of it loves what God loves - namely, its own being.”
― Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace

“Once upon a time in the land of Shinar, God came down to see the city and the tower. People were united and spoke in one language. Then God confound their language and caused them scattered all over the planet earth. I believe, because of our technology, there will be one computer-based language on earth. Then God will come back again and make us all scattered all over the stars constellation.”
― Toba Beta

“I once had a dream; human was a chosen beast,
domesticated by God to manage the planet earth.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“If God is anonymous, let it be.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“I'm just tired of hearing about God all the time. What has He got to do with anything?... I'm not going to be immoral or commit crimes because I don't believe. I don't even think about that. I just get so tired of Him getting the credit for things the human race achieves through its own effort. Now, there simply is no God. There's only man. And it's he who makes miracles.”
― Lorraine Hansberry

“No matter what God's power may be, the first aspect of God is never that of the absolute Master, the Almighty. It is that of the God who puts himself on our human level and limits himself.”
― Jacques Ellul, Anarchy and Christianity

“I think of these desert years of mine, not of my choosing. Maybe if it were all smooth and comfortable, if my pride and professionalism were defining life for me, God's steel-quiet, penetrating word would have been lost in the babble and sheen of success.”
― Luci Shaw

“With wine and being lost, with
less and less of both:

I rode through the snow, do you read me
I rode God far--I rode God
near, he sang,
it was
our last ride over
the hurdled humans.

They cowered when
they heard us
overhead, they
wrote, they
lied our neighing
into one of their
image-ridden languages.”
― Paul Celan, Glottal Stop

“Extinction catches Man by surprise because no one can even imagine that such a catastrophe can happen to an intelligent species.”
― Bill Gaede, Why God Doesn't Exist

“The worst mockery God can make of a moralist is that He compels him to be a
solipsist.”
― Kedar Joshi

“What is the basic difference between saying 'I know that God exists' and saying 'I know that love exists'?”
― Anthony Bloom

“The Word says God put ever star in the heavens and even give ever one of em a name. If one of em was gon' fall out the sky, that was up to Him, too. Maybe we can't see where it's gon' wind up, be He can.”
― Ron Hall, Same Kind of Different as Me: A Modern-Day Slave, an International Art Dealer, and the Unlikely Woman Who Bound Them Together

“We reach in desperation beyond the fog, beyond the very stars, the voids of the universe are ransacked to justify the monster, and stamped with a human face. London is religions opportunity--not the decorous religion of theologians, but an anthropomorphic, crude. Yes, the continuous flow would be tolerable if a man of our own sort--not anyone pompous or tearful--were caring for us up in the sky.”
― E.M. Forster, Howards End

“When God breaks in, the only thing you can do is believe it or not. YOu cannot ask for a receipt of the transaction or a sign for the dubious. God does not offer to cover your backside.”
― Anna Carter Florence, Preaching as Testimony

“There are no perfect human beings and even those who we pray such as Allah, Buddha, Jesus, Krishna among others, were not perfect.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“Salvation is more than a word, It is His Word. His word became flesh so we have the opportunity to live.”
― Tabitha Robin

“One of the strengths of the belief in Antinous was its appeal to the most sensitive and inward of mystical natures as well as to the exuberant, joyous and ecstatic sides of human experience.”
― Royston Lambert

“God is a philosophical black hole – the point where reason breaks down.”
― Kedar Joshi

“Jauh lebih menyenangkan merasa bahwa Tuhan mendengarkanmu dan mengatakan tidak, ketimbang merasa tak ada siapa pun yang mendengarkanmu”
― Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story

“In the end idealism annoyed Bouvard. ‘I don’t want any more of it: the famous cogito is a bore. The ideas of things are taken for the things themselves. What we barely understand is explained by means of words that we do not understand at all! Substance, extension, force, matter and soul, are all so many abstractions, figments of the imagination. As for God, it is impossible to know how he is, or even if he is! Once he was the cause of wind, thunder, revolutions. Now he is getting smaller. Besides, I don’t see what use he is.”
― Gustave Flaubert, Bouvard and Pecuchet

“The notion that evil is non-rational is a more significant claim for Eagleton than at first appears, because he is (in this book [On Evil] as in others of his recent 'late period' prolific burst) anxious to rewrite theology: God (whom he elsewhere tells us is nonexistent, but this is no barrier to his being lots of other things for Eagleton too, among them Important) is not to be regarded as rational: with reference to the Book of Job Eagleton says, 'To ask after God's reasons for allowing evil, so [some theologians] claim, is to imagine him as some kind of rational or moral being, which is the last thing he is.' This is priceless: with one bound God is free of responsibility for 'natural evil'—childhood cancers, tsunamis that kill tens of thousands—and for moral evil also even though 'he' is CEO of the company that purposely manufactured its perpetrators; and 'he' is incidentally exculpated from blame for the hideous treatment meted out to Job.”
― A.C. Grayling

“The being called God...bears every mark of a veil woven by philosophical conceit, to hide the ignorance of philosophers even from themselves. They borrow the threads of its texture from the anthropomorphism of the vulgar.”
― Percy Bysshe Shelley

“Total Enlightenment is 'Vision without Purpose'.”
― Stanley Victor Paskavich

“He knows what lies before them, and what is after them, and they comprehend not anything of His knowledge save such as He wills.' i traced the words with my finger, over and over again, and realize what i did not before. that not all questions can be answered. that some truths are beyond the capacity of our minds to understand.”
― Nafisa Haji

“Books never cease to astonish me. When I was a child, I knew--in the incontestable way that children know things--that God was an author who'd imagined me, which is why I (and everyone else) existed: to populate His narrative. My task was to imagine God in return: this was all He and I owed each other.”
― Martha Cooley, The Archivist

“Mnie Bóg, w życiu moim, nigdy nie był potrzebny - od najwcześniejszego dzieciństwa, ani przez pięć minut - byłem zawsze samowystarczalny. / I have never in my life needed God - from the infancy, since I was 5, I was self-sufficient. (Dziennik 1956, XVIII Niedziela)”
― Witold Gombrowicz

“Life is a question asked by God about the way he exists.”
― Kedar Joshi

“The Divine Voice is not always expressed in words. It is made known as a heart-consciousmess”
― A.J. Russell, God Calling

“One reason might be that if I hadn't tripped, I'd have been hamburger.

When this sort of thing occurs, people often say that there was some power greater than themselves at work. This sounds reasonable. I am just suggesting that it is not necessary to equate "greater than ourselves" with "stretched across the heavenly vault." It could mean "just slightly greater." A cocoon of energy that we carry with us, that is capable, under some conditions, of affecting physicality.

Furthermore, I conjecture that the totality of all these souls is what constitutes the Godhead. I mean this in the same sense as the "Leviathan" of Thomas Hobbes, whereby man, that is everyone together, creates "that great Leviathan called a Commonwealth or State, which is but an artificial man, though of greater statute and strength than the natural, for whose protection and defense it was created."

And that leads me to my Insight: God was not there at the beginning of evolution; God is what lies at the end of it.”
― Paul Quarrington, The Boy on the Back of the Turtle: Seeking God, Quince Marmalade, and the Fabled Albatross on Darwin's Islands

“We imagine that our theological/conceptual systems are the means by which we know God as God is. I truly believe that such postures and perspectives put us in danger of conceptual idolatry, worshiping our ideas of and frameworks for God.”
― Tim Keel, Intuitive Leadership: Embracing a Paradigm of Narrative, Metaphor, and Chaos

“That which attracts the world must please and pander to the self-importance of man. The world itself is a vain show, and likes its own. Consequently there is nothing which so carries the mass of men along with it as that which flatters the vanity of the human mind. It may assume the lowliest air, but sinful man seeks his own honour and present exaltation.”
― William Kelly

“We are no longer so lacking in fantasy as to uphold the existence of a god.”
― Carl Einstein, Bebuquin

“Haven’t you noticed that men struggle every day to correct the defects of my work? What is a plane or a diving suit but an emendation to my work? Even those who worship me spend their lives disagreeing with me and trying to improve on what I made. When they implore me for help with their misfortunes, deep down, are they not in fact censuring me, because what is a prayer but a rebellion that cannot be expressed?’ He smiled vaguely and added: ‘The only reason they don’t curse me is because they still believe I’m stronger than they are”
― Jose Maria Ferreira Borges de Castro

“What is Self-realization? It is giving up the pretension that you are not the Self, that you are a mere body. People say to me, 'You are God Himself.' I reply, 'You are also He.' 'We are not He'-they rejoin. What else is this, but that they simulate and, for some lila of their own, hide behind a mask their real and divine nature?”
― Swami Ramdas, The Essential Swami Ramdas

“UNDIVIDED

I am for
One world undivided.
One world without fear and corruption.
One world ruled by Truth and Justice.

I am for
One peaceful world for all,
Where hate has been overcome by love,
And everyone is guided only
By their conscience.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If people in the position of power are not made to be accountable, then, ungodliness, injustice and oppression will continue to be the order of the day in the society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We look around us and we find ourselves confused as to why the world has fallen into such deep darkness. And standing in this descending darkness, what we need to realize is that the farther we move from God, the darker everything gets. And no light of man can illuminate that kind of darkness.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I would fight every angel between us until God said, "Yes.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“If God were to make a million lovely flowers in your image and plant them in a garden with you among them, I would still know you by your scent and by the feel of your petals and by the crazy way you lean towards my light whenever I draw near.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons

“With God, brokenness is nothing more than the stage upon which the impossible is about to happen.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Unless you understand the pain and sufferings of the people, trees, birds and the nature, how can you understand God.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“I ascended the mountains to hear the voice of God, and was answered in echoes from afar.”
― Meeta Ahluwalia

“It is not possible to be seduced by the lure of ego-gratification or intimidated by the tyranny of imposters when we know that we are as the angels. We are loved beyond comprehension. So, we must claim our rightful inheritance and live with the confidence of protection.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“God chose to save you for a purpose”
― Sunday Adelaja

“على عكس طريقتنا في اختبار الطبيعة، التي نتعرَّف لقوانينها بعد اختباراتٍ؛ ينبغي لمن أراد اختبار ربّه الإيمان أولًا بنواميسه ثم اختبارها بعد ذلك إن شاء. ولا أبالغ حين أُقرر أنه كلما كان إيمانك بنواميسُه أرسخ؛ ازدادت احتمالات نجاح الاختبارات. إذ على قدر إيمانك بالله يكون حضوره في وعيك. فكلما ازداد إيمانك؛ ازداد حضوره كثافة في وعيك.”
― مصطفى مستور , وجه الله

“If God is for you, nothing can stand against you”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The more I connect with my sensuality the more I experience God. As the wind blows through the curtains, that’s how sweet His presence is.”
― Lebo Grand

“Love is patient, love is kind and is not jealous; love does not brag and is not arrogant, does not act unbecomingly; it does not seek its own, is not provoked, does not take into account a wrong suffered, does not rejoice in unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth; bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never fails;...”
― God through Paul in Corinthians 13:4-8a

“Illiteracy is the number one promoter of ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“God’s on your side; be on God’s side!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You

“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“How can we abstain from sexual immorality? Only God can give us the grace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We should be able to refuse enchanting proposals and opportunities, if they contradict God’s principles”
― Sunday Adelaja

“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
― Compton Gage

“We can neither hurry nor hasten the works of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I am not a man of God, I am too little to be that, but once in a while I like to believe in that thing called destiny.”
― K. Hari Kumar, A Game of Gods: The End is Only the Beginning

“We are living in the falsehood due to the erroneous teachings of the society, community and the bordered nations.”
― Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven

“Be confident because you are a child of God. Be humble because everyone else is too.”
― Glennon Doyle Melton, Carry On, Warrior: Thoughts on Life Unarmed

“Don’t be scared of anything. Trust in the Lord and face the battle of life. There is no power on earth that can lay you low.”
― Dada J.P. Vaswani

“Once you have seen his face you will forever long to see it again.”
― Max Lucado, God Came Near

“Before you die, please share your love with the unknown immortal existence which is in your body and unite with the divine to live in godliness after you die....”
― Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven

“বিজ্ঞান যা করতে পারে তা হল, হাতে থাকা পর্যবেক্ষণ থেকে কোন একটা সিদ্ধান্তের দিকে ইঙ্গিত করা। বিজ্ঞানের কর্মপরিধি এতটুকুই। বিজ্ঞান কখনই প্রত্যক্ষভাবে স্রষ্টার অস্তিত্ব প্রমাণ বা খণ্ডন করতে পারবে না। ডার্ক এনার্জির ধারণা আবিষ্কারের জন্য ২০১১ সালে নোবেল পুরস্কার পাওয়া টিমের একজন, প্রফেসর অ্যালেক্সে ফিলিপ্পেনকো এক সাক্ষাতকারে বলেন, “... আমি মহাবিশ্বকে একজন বিজ্ঞানীর দৃষ্টিকোণ থেকে আলোচনা করতে চাই ... কোন অতিমানবিক বা স্বকীয় স্রষ্টা আছেন কিনা বা এই মহাবিশ্বের কোন উদ্দেশ্য আছে কিনা সে বিষয়ে আমি কিছু বলব না - এই প্রশ্নগুলোর উত্তর বিজ্ঞানীরা দিতে পারে না...।”
― Rafan Ahmed, বিশ্বাসের যৌক্তিকতা

“We stand and fight for God’s truth and with the truth we will win”
― Sunday Adelaja

“In our village, folks say God crumbles up the old moon into stars.”
― Alexander Solzhenitsyn, One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich

“It's ok to be a fool once or twice but never let it be a third time. Be smart and pretend to be a fool and at the end of the hunt make sure you're the one that has the gun.”
― Surgeo Bell

“Above all, trust in the slow work of God.”
― Pierre Teilhard de Chardin

“The most boring and unproductive question one can ask of any religion is whether or not it is true.”
― Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion

“When you cultivate a godly thought life your soul will shine and you will exhibit the presence of the Lord in you.”
― Elizabeth George, A Woman's High Calling

“Service to humanity is service to God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“New struggles. -- After Buddha was dead, they still showed his shadow in a cave for centuries -- a colossal, horrible shadow. God is dead, but given the way people are, there may still be caves for millennia in which his shadow is displayed. -- And we -- we must still defeat his shadow as well!”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science

“He who called her so called her by her true name, for she is the full moon of full moons, afore God!”
― Umar Ibn Muhammed Al-Nefzawi, The Perfumed Garden

“When I’m depressed, I read Caeiro — he’s my fresh air. I become very calm, content, faithful — yes, I find faith in God, and in the soul’s transcendent living smallness, after reading the poems by that ungodly anti-humanist who goes unsurpassed on earth.”
― Álvaro de Campos

“The morning light shimmered through the trees and gave the lake an otherworldly hue. Everything in summer Michigan seemed to have a soft shimmer to it, as though God had hung gauze over the sky and softly scattered glitter on all His creations.”
― Viola Shipman, The Charm Bracelet

“Clearly outline your plans, acknowledge God and he will direct them for you. If you can have it planned, you can achieve it; if you have it planned big, you will achieve it big. Make your choice!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!

“God will save whomever He chooses to save. The Christian should proselytize not because he thinks he can change everybody; he should proselytize because the Gospel being shared is the ultimate act of love: because he thinks he can love everybody.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Your power is in your story and all the wisdom it has brought you.”
― Angela Mayah Solstice, The Courage to Change

“Fame is not the reason why brands are created and erected. Be diligent, focused and chain unceasing prayers to God who will continue giving you cheers.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream

“A writer reports on the universe. When he presents his credentials, the gates of heaven and hell are equally opened to him. He can hear the devil’s defense and god’s accusations. The guards at the king’s heart let him in. The writer can be anything and any one he wants. When he writes he is a god, he creates.”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity

“Knowing the Truth is not based on knowledge, but on being "it".”
― Vivian Amis

“There is no such thing as fear until you allow it to enter your heart. If I told you what really happens to your soul when it is put to eternal sleep, you would not fear death; hence, you would never have fear — or fear Fear. But this is something I will share with you another day and time, in another story. We are taught to fear anything that can bring us closer to death — to keep us from taking huge leaps that involve risk. The only thing you should fear in this lifetime is not taking risks while you are living. I do not mean to go jump off a bridge. I mean, to go all out to reach your dreams, to dare to do things you typically would not do out of fear.

Pain has a threshold and so does death. Fear neither, and never fear what has no right to be feared. Fear only the Almighty, for he is the only one who can terminate a soul forever. No man can do that. No leader can do that. Only the Creator can do that. As long as the heart is good, a soul can live forever. The body is simply a coating for the soul, and when you die, your soul takes the soul of your heart along with it. Love strengthens both, while fear cripples both. Starting today, train your mind and heart to reject fear. Once you reject fear, you will become the perfect candidate to receive and reflect Truth.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The opportunity to do what is right is available at all times.”
― Jim George

“First knowledge is the knowledge of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Camomille: Fallible men write books. God writes in sunlight and rivers and planets. Isn't the Universe a good book? I trust it above the printed kind.”
― Mark Siegel, Sailor Twain: Or: The Mermaid in the Hudson

“God speaks to you all the time ~ Have you tuned in to the cosmic vibrations of love, harmony, peace, and truth? Unless you quieten that blabbering little mind of yours, you won’t be able to listen to the Divine music that plays on and on...
Just for one heavenly second, shut your eyes, ears, and mind to the cacophonous noises of this physical, illusionary, temporary world. Exit all the drama.
Just for that one heavenly second, stay quiet and simply listen. Listen to the ambrosial sound. It vibrates with joy.
You can have more of this soulful peace in your life, if only you choose to align yourself with the Source of Love and Light. The more you stay attuned to "Home", the less you’d wander in-vain.”
― Manprit Kaur

“Spiritual joy is what you experience when you choose to give thanks to God no matter what happens—even when things go wrong.”
― Jim George, A Dad After God's Own Heart: Becoming the Father Your Kids Need

“Devotion to God, righteousness and wisdom, will keep us safe on earth.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“What is life to Spirit, is death to the ego.”
― Vivian Amis, I Am: The Key to Manifesting

“The Lord is God.
God is Holy.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Know your real Self, beyond who you think you are.”
― Vivian Amis

“But God does give us responsibility, and it takes biblical faith to do those things in dependence on God.”
― Craig Groeschel, The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist

“Dieu n'est pas utilitaire. Dieu est un cadeau de fête, un don gratuit, un lingot de platine, une image artistique, une friandise légère. Dieu est en plus. Il n'est ni pour ni contre. C'est du rabiot !”
― Boris Vian, L'Arrache-coeur

“Palestina ni nchi ya Waisraeli waliyopewa na Mungu wa Yakobo. Hata hivyo, hawakutimiza masharti. Mungu aliwaagiza kuua kila mtu katika nchi ya Kaanani na miji yake yote. Waisraeli, wakiongozwa na Yoshua, waliua watu wengi katika nchi ya Kaanani. Hawakuua kila mtu katika miji ya Ashdodi, Gathi na Ukanda wa Gaza kama walivyoagizwa. Mungu alimwambia Ibrahimu kuwa angempa yeye na uzao wake nchi ya Kaanani kuwa milki yao ya milele, na kuwa Yeye ndiye angekuwa Mungu wao daima. Vita ya Israeli na Palestina itamalizwa na Mungu. Itamalizwa na hekima.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Our lives must be spent seeking our God, for God hides; but His artifices, once they be known, seem so simple and smiling! From that moment, the merest nothing reveals His presence, and the greatness of our life depends on so little.”
― Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble

“One day I realized, without God, nothing matters. So, I asked Him into my heart.”
― Esther Earl, This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl

“the gods seldom
give
but so quickly
take.”
― Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense

“When you are posessed by evil spirits, it is crafty manipulations that you follow; but when you are posessed by the Holy Spirit of God, it is wise discretions you pursue!”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“It is good for us to have trials and troubles at times, for they often remind us that we are on probation and ought not to hope in any worldly thing. It is good for us sometimes to suffer contradiction, to be misjudged by men even though we do well and mean well. These things help us to be humble and shield us from vainglory. When to all outward appearances men give us no credit, when they do not think well of us, then we are more inclined to seek God Who sees our hearts. Therefore, a man ought to root himself so firmly in God that he will not need the consolations of men.”
― Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ

“And I find a happiness in the fact of accepting —
In the sublimely scientific and difficult fact of accepting the inevitable natural.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Things don’t have significance: they only have existence.
Things are the only hidden meaning of things.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“The world is a busy place filled with many busy businesses, both the Godly and the ungodly. It means before you go on to accept any activity or event that comes into the world, you must weigh its Values, examine the Virtues, listen to Views and then you give your Verdict. Satan is not wise; he is just crafty!”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“I believe, if there is some sort of higher power, the universe is it. Whenever religious people ask me where the universe came from, I tell them that it has always been here, and was never created. The Big Bang theory is based on the fact that the universe is expanding right now. And if you rewind the tape, the universe appears to be shrinking. If you rewind the tape far enough, eventually the universe must be just one singular point. Or so the theory goes. But what if the universe has not always been expanding? What if it's pulsating, and one pulse takes trillions of years, and right now the universe is inhaling, and before that, trillions of years ago, it was exhaling?”
― Oliver Gaspirtz

“I pass and I stay, like the Universe.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“Although I'm an atheist, I try not to crap all over people's belief in God. It may be nothing more than a placebo, a fairy tale that gives the hopeless hope, but sometimes a little hope is all people need to get through the day. Imagine a unit of soldiers under heavy enemy fire. They are told by their superiors to hold their position, even in the face of overwhelming fire power. The soldiers are being told that reinforcements are on the way, and that thought alone gives them the hope and courage to continue fighting, even if ultimately the reinforcements never arrive. I think some people simply need to believe that God is sending them reinforcements, to get through another day.”
― Oliver Gaspirtz

“Everything’s different from us. That’s why everything exists.”
― Alberto Caeiro, Selected Poems by Fernando Pessoa,: Including Poems by His Heteronyms: Alberto Caeiro, Ricardo Reis [And] Alvaro de Campos, as Well as Some of His Eng

“What does this think about that?
Nothing thinks about anything.
Does the earth have consciousness of its stones and plants?
If it did, it would be people. . .
Why am I worrying about this?
If I think about these things,
I’ll stop seeing trees and plants
And stop seeing the Earth
For only seeing my thoughts...
I’ll get unhappy and stay in the dark.
And so, without thinking, I have the Earth and the Sky.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“Believe. Believe in your destiny and the star from which it shines. Believe you have been sent from God as an arrow shot from His own bow.
It is the single universal trait that the great of this earth have all shared, while the shadows are fraught with ghosts who roam the winds with mournful wails of regret on their lips.
Believe as if your life depended on it... for indeed it does.”
― Richard Paul Evans, The Locket

“Pray each morning and each night.
Talk to God and be polite.
Tell Him what you're grateful for.
Leave your troubles at His door.

Share your wishes, needs, and hopes.
Ask God how to bravely cope.
Tell Him all you learned today.
Say the things you need to say.

Beg forgiveness for your sins.
Pray to live with Him again.
Speak with earnest heart and soul.
He will listen. This I know.

For prayer is hope put to the test.
And hope is faith in what is best.
Faith is power to do great things.
Thus, prayer is faith's enabling wings.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes

“Prayer is an insurance policy that you can never lapse on.”
― The Prolific Penman

“Even in hardship, God’s goodness prevails.”
― Todd Stocker, REFINED: Turning Pain into Purpose

“If I die very young, hear this:
I was never anything but a kid playing.
I was a heathen like the sun and the water,
I had the universal religion only people don’t have.
I was happy because I didn’t ask for anything at all,
Or tried to find anything,
And I didn’t find any more explanation
Than the word explanation having no meaning at all.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Growth comes from God, to those with surrendered, yielded hearts.”
― Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus

“As your heart goes, so goes your family! If your heart isn't right, no child raising system, rules, or gimmicks will ever work. As your heart goes, so goes your parenting!”
― Jim George, A Man After God's Own Heart

“Leave fears aside, clean tears away! Tell God "here I am, use me!" and he'll give you the assignments that will make your life a fulfilled one. Now dress up to work!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes

“Despite what you think you know, sometimes your plans may be interrupted. Because you were designed for a purpose. You are on a mission to achieve greatness. No matter what obstacles lie in your path, you will reach your destination. Remember God's grace is sufficient.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“All the evil in the world comes from us bothering with each other,
Wanting to do good, wanting to do evil.
Our soul and the sky and the earth are enough for us.
To want more is to lose this, and be unhappy.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“Our Scripture awakened that most glorious of things, the spontaneous love our Lord so desires His children to bear Him, for it is what He bears them.”
― Amy Rachel Peterson, Perpetua: A Bride, a Martyr, a Passion

“A kid thinking about fairy tales and believing in fairy tales
Acts like a sick god, but like a god.
Because even though he affirms that what doesn’t exist exists,
He knows things exist, that he exists,
He knows existing exists and doesn’t explain itself,
And he knows there’s no reason at all for anything to exist.
He knows being is the point.
All he doesn’t know is that thought isn’t the point.

(10/1/1917)”
― Alberto Caeiro

“Between what i see in a field and what I see in another field
There passes for a moment the figure of a man.
His steps go with “him” in the same reality,
But I look at him and them, and they’re two things:
The “man” goes walking with his ideas, false and foreign,
And his steps go with the ancient system that makes legs walk.
I see him from a distance without any opinion at all.
How perfect that he is in him what he is — his body,
His true reality which doesn’t have desires or hopes,
But muscles and the sure and impersonal way of using them.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Praise be to God I’m not good,
And have the natural egotism of flowers
And rivers following their bed
Preoccupied without knowing it
Only with blooming and flowing.
This is the only mission in the World,
This—to exist clearly,
And to know how to do it without thinking about it.)”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“I was born subject like others to errors and defects,
But never to the error of wanting to understand too much,
Never to the error of wanting to understand only with the intellect..
Never to the defect of demanding of the World
That it be anything that’s not the World.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“It is God’s omnipotence, His consuming holiness, and His right to judge that make Him worthy to be feared.”
― David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?

“Free will? Either you follow the word of God, or you'll be punished with eternal hellfire. That's the same kind of "choice" an abuse boyfriend gives you: 'Either you do exactly what I say, or I'll beat the shit out of you.”
― Oliver Gaspirtz

“The perplexity, the potential— God’s own crucible was not for angels.”
― Johnny Worthen, Beatrysel

“Ibn al-Arabi gave this advice:
Do not attach yourself to any particular creed exclusively, so that you may disbelieve all the rest; otherwise you will lose much good, nay, you will fail to recognize the real truth of the matter. God, the omnipresent and omnipotent, is not limited by any one creed, for he says, 'Wheresoever ye turn, there is the face of Allah' (Koran 2:109). Everyone praises what he believes; his god is his own creature, and in praising it he praises himself. Consequently, he blames the disbelief of others, which he would not do if he were just, but his dislike is based on ignorance.”
― Karen Armstrong, A History of God: The 4,000-Year Quest of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam

“Have you ever tried thinking of God as a person instead of an all-powerful vending machine that never gives you the right amount of change? He has feelings too, you know.”
― Angela N. Blount, Once Upon a Road Trip

“He who has the audacity to stop you from dreaming is he who had given you the imaginations to think, but not those who watch you as you explore the dreams!”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Yet a personal God can become a grave liability. He can be a mere idol carved in our own image, a projection of our limited needs. fears and desires. We can assume that he loves what we love and hates what we hate, endorsing our prejudices instead of compelling us to transcend them.”
― Karen Armstrong, A History of God: The 4,000-Year Quest of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam

“If you can change the way you think in time you will notice a change in your heart and also a change in your life and the way you see things.”
― The Prolific Penman, Real Expression's of Words Never Heard the Poet, the Man, the Idea

“My ACTIONS should draw people to the God I serve, not my SALES PITCH. If people want what I have, they'll ask me how to get it. If not, that's their business.”
― Stefne Miller, Collision

“If you can't focus then how do you expect to make your dreams come true?”
― The Prolific Penman

“I don't think there's anything wrong with borrowing someone else's faith to get you through until you get enough on your own.”
― Stefne Miller, Collision

“I am the chosen of the Lord, for who He loveth, so doeth He chastiseth. But I be durn if He dont take some curious ways to show it, seems like.”
― William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying

“He realized he needed strength, sustenance that couldn’t come from bread alone. He desperately needed God.”
― J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret

“We need to abandon our scale and adopt God's because our misguided labels keep us from the right kind of interaction with people.”
― Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human

“Truly I have looked into the very heart of darkness, and refused to yield to its paralyzing influence, but in spirit I am one of those who walk the morning. What if all dark, discouraging moods of the human mind come across my way as thick as the dry leaves of autumn? Other feet have traveled that road before me, and I know the desert leads to god as surely as the green, refreshing fields, and orchards.”
― helen keller, The Open Door

“Sometimes God takes your life for some crazy twists and turns.”
― Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human

“Come to think of it, maybe God is a He after all, because only a cruel force would create something this beautiful and make it inaccessible to most people.”
― Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina

“We are supernaturalists first, not naturalists. The only reason we feel compelled to accommodate science is that science says we ought to. But it is science that should accommodate revelation. Revelation has been around much longer.”
― Matt Chandler, The Explicit Gospel

“To paraphrase Paul, God often uses the cheesy to confound the sophisticated. He regularly honors those who are confused about his leading as if they have nailed it.”
― Mark Galli

“As is typical of this God [of Israel], he calls his people into freedom in the most unlikely place.”
― Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit

“Prayer ain't weakened by distance.”
― Vicki Lane, The Day of Small Things

“What we really need is only a heart of surrender & always trust what God has plan for our life. So we do our best, God shall take the rest. That's what I called FAITH.”
― Olivia Sinaga

“I reckon if there’s ere a man or woman anywhere that He could turn it all over to and go away with His mind at rest, it would be Cora. And I reckon she would make a few changes, no matter how He was running it. And I reckon they would be for man’s good. Leastways, we would have to like them. Leastways, we might as well go on and make like we did.”
― William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying

“That very breath wherewith they utter their complaints is a blessing and a fundamental one too for if God would withdraw that they were incapable of whatsoever else either have or desire.”
― Richard Allestree, The Art of Contentment

“God is but a supernatural spirit. He resides dormant in you, until you awaken to liberate yourself from this ignorance that you are body and mind.”
― Gian Kumar

“As Wade Clark Roof noted in his study, "the 'weightlessness' of contemporary belief in God is a reality...for religious liberals and many evangelicals.”
― Mark Galli

“He who challenges the God in his dying bed is indisputably the most courageous man, but not the cleverest one!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Our spiritual history is the history of God-ventriloquists! The truth is that the voice of God is the voice of cunning Man, the ventriloquist's voice!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“They cried. Yes, yes, they cried. Cried more tears than the Mississippi could hold, but those tears never washed away their faith…”
― Andrew Galasetti, These Colors Don't Run

“The world will be brighter and wiser without religions, but it will surely be darker and more hopeless without God!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“I have done nothing but open windows-God has done all the rest.”
― Frank C. Laubach

“God generously helps to those who try to do their best without asking God’s help!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“And we ask ourselves, if there is a God, how can this happen? Better to ask, if there is a God... must it be sane?”
― Lucien LaCroix

“I don't like to hear cut and dried sermons. No—when I hear a man preach, I like to see him act as if he were fighting bees.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Excuse me," she said politely. "But you can't have him. Not yet. He's going to come back with me.”
― Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure

“I don't know what I believe anymore. If God does exist, then He's just an asshole, creating this world full of human suffering and letting all these terrible things happen to good people, and sitting there and doing nothing about it. At June's memorial service, a few people came up to me and said some really stupid things, like how everything happens for a reason, and God never gives us more than we can handle. All I could think was, does that mean if I was a weaker person, this never would've happened? Am I seriously supposed to buy that June's death was part of some stupid divine plan? I don't believe that. I can't. It just doesn't make sense.”
― Hannah Harrington, Saving June

“God is a cloud from which rain fell.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“Devil and God – two sides of the same face.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“The devil has not vanished simply because people refuse to believe he exists, no more than God has...”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“There is something in the depths of our being that hungers for wholeness and finality. Because we are made for eternal life, we are made for an act that gathers up all the powers and capacities of our being and offers them simultaneously and forever to God. The blind spiritual instinct that tells us obscurely that our owns lives have a particular importance and purpose, and which urges us to find out our vocation, seeks in so doing to bring us to a decision that will dedicate our lives irrevocably to their true purpose. The man who loses this sense of his own personal destiny, and who renounces all hope of having any kind of vocation in life has either lost all hope of happiness or else has entered upon some mysterious vocation that God alone can understand.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“The only people who soul can truly magnify the Lord are...people who acknowledge their lowly estate and are overwhelmed by the condescension of the magnificent God.”
― John Piper, Good News of Great Joy: Daily Readings for Advent

“The forgiveness of God is gratuitous liberation from guilt. Paradoxically, the conviction of personal sinfulness becomes the occasion of encounter with the merciful love of the redeeming God. "There will be more rejoicing in heaven over one sinner repenting..." (Luke 15:7). In his brokenness, the repentant prodigal knew an intimacy with his father that his sinless, self-righteous brother would never know.”
― Brennan Manning

“Cosmos is God, who whispered the syllable of life.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“the grandeur of God reveals itself through simple things”
― Paulo Coelho

“God is busy and has no time for you.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“Culturally, though not theologically, I’m a Christian. I was born a Protestant of the white Anglo-Saxon persuasion. And while I do love that great teacher of peace who was called Jesus, and while I do reserve the right to ask myself in certain trying situations what indeed He would do, I can’t swallow that one fixed rule of Christianity insisting that Christ is the only path to God. Strictly speaking, then, I cannot call myself a Christian. Most of the Christians I know accept my feelings on this with grace and open-mindedness. Then again, most of the Christians I know don’t speak very strictly. To those who do speak (and think) strictly, all I can do here is offer my regrets for any hurt feelings and now excuse myself from their business.

“Traditionally, I have responded to the transcendent mystics of all religions. I have always responded with breathless excitement to anyone who has ever said that God does not live in a dogmatic scripture or in a distant throne in the sky, but instead abides very close to us indeed—much closer than we can imagine, breathing right through our own hearts. I respond with gratitude to anyone who has ever voyaged to the center of that heart, and who has then returned to the world with a report for the rest of us that God is an experience of supreme love. In every religious tradition on earth, there have always been mystical saints and transcendents who report exactly this experience. Unfortunately many of them have ended up arrested and killed. Still, I think very highly of them.

“In the end, what I have come to believe about God is simple. It’s like this—I used to have this really great dog. She came from the pound. She was a mixture of about ten different breeds, but seemed to have inherited the finest features of them all. She was brown. When people asked me, “What kind of dog is that?” I would always give the same answer: “She’s a brown dog.” Similarly, when the question is raised, “What kind of God do you believe in?” my answer is easy: “I believe in a magnificent God”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Words are God’s gift to mend a broken soul.”
― Chimnese Davids, Muses of Wandering Passions

“In some ways I admire Aunt Helen's unwavering certainty in God's divine plan. It must be comforting, to have faith like that. To believe so concretely that there's someone—something—out there watching guard, keeping us safe, testing us only with what we can handle. I've never believed in anything the way Aunt Helen believes in God.”
― Hannah Harrington, Saving June

“By the external appearance of your knowledge, you have attained (high) ranks and reverence with the people! So seek with Allah higher ranks and closeness by virtue of your hidden good deeds. And know that these two ranks, one cancels out the other.”
― Wuhayb ibn al-Wird

“Telling someone like my mother that Hell is a real, physical place, somewhere you can travel to and from, would be like spray-painting the statue of Jesus hanging over the pulpit during mass. Better off telling her the Pope is gay.”
― Bill Blais, No Good Deed

“You are the grace of my life
So tender, so undeserved
Hard to believe you're my wife
Even harder to put what I feel into words
If I need evidence God is good
Just looking at you is enough
You are the grace of my life
For you grace my life with your love”
― Brian Littrell

“…questioning the existence of God may begin because of one’s sense of disappointment rather than because of a line of reasoning. Disappointment can bring disillusionment, and disillusionment can get quite a grip on us. It may be the case that, next to the grip of disillusionment, whatever reasons we can think of to believe that God exists or that God is good will appear weak. So sometimes the reason we do not believe or the reason we stop believing is not the intellectual challenge to believing in God. Sometimes, the grip of disillusionment cannot be matched by things that seem to be only abstract or theoretical.”
― Gregory E. Ganssle, Thinking About God: First Steps in Philosophy

“God help me! I am small and alone but I must help them; and I most not waste a moment, because every moment another soul dies.”
― Leslie H. Hardman, The Survivors: The Story of the Belsen Remnant

“Have you ever had an experience with God as wild as your most incredible sexual experience?”
― Randy Elrod, Sex, Lies & Religion

“Consequently, the truth of God lives in our souls more by the power of superior moral courage than by the light of an eminent intelligence. Indeed, spiritual intelligence itself depends on the fortitude and patience with which we sacrifice ourselves for the truth, as it is communicated to our lives concretely in the providential will of God”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“New Rome will be destroyed
By the attacks of new vandals.
God always remains silent.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987

“One of Mom's favorite passages from Gilead was: "This is an important thing, which I have told many people, and which my father told me, and which his father told him. When you encounter another person, when you have dealings with anyone at all, it is as if a question is being put to you. So you must think, what is the Lord asking of me in this moment, in this situation?”
― Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club

“Fundamentalists offer us a "loving" God who is some kind of divine stalker.”
― Robert M. Price

“A steampunk nation
Baby pollution rises up then the loving comes arraigning 'cause
Our art's official and only partially artificial
And our heart's in the middle of sharp hardened shards of metal but
There's not where it settles
Because it's beating to the steaming of God's hottest pot or kettle

And now we face it, this creation we made to
To save our craving for a synthetic rebelnation it's
Our safeway they make into a pathetic revelation
In our steampunk nation
Our steampunk nation”
― Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality

“The world is God's salvation.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“When God becomes routine rather than revival, it's time to switch things up.”
― Lysa TerKeurst

“When following God, Zero we never find.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“Warren knows God doesn't chow down on Doritos or caviar. What he fails to see, however, is that there is no difference in principle between the old animal sacrifice theology and his own. Surely the same principle applies to emotional gratification. He is still manifestly talking about the care and feeding of God. His God, like an insecure boyfriend, seems to need emotional stroking.”
― Robert M. Price

“God never asked us to meet life's pressures and demands on our own terms or by relying upon our own strength. Nor did He demands that we win His favor by assembling an impressive portfolio of good deeds. Instead, He invites us to enter His rest.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“The Word of God I think of as a straight edge, which shows up our own crookedness. We can't really tell how crooked our thinking is until we line it up with the straight edge of Scripture.”
― Elisabeth Elliot

“Think of the self that God has given as an acorn. It is a marvelous little thing, a perfect shape, perfectly designed for its purpose, perfectly functional. Think of the grand glory of an oak tree. God’s intention when He made the acorn was the oak tree. His intention for us is ‘… the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ.’ Many deaths must go into our reaching that measure, many letting-goes. When you look at the oak tree, you don’t feel that the loss’ of the acorn is a very great loss. The more you perceive God’s purpose in your life, the less terrible the losses seem.”
― Elisabeth Elliot

“When ours are interrupted, his are not. His plans are proceeding exactly as scheduled, moving us always (including those minutes or hours or years which seem most useless or wasted or unendurable).”
― Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control

“It is better to have God over your shoulder, than carry the world alone on your back.”
― Anthony Liccione

“George Macdonald said, 'If you knew what God knows about death you would clap your listless hands', but instead I find old people in North America just buying this whole youth obsession. I think growing older is a wonderful privilege. I want to learn to glorify God in every stage of my life.”
― Elisabeth Elliot

“Until the will and the affections are brought under the authority of Christ, we have not begun to understand, let alone accept, His Lordship. The Cross, as it enters the love life, will reveal the heart’s truth.”
― Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control

“Choose to view life through God's eyes. This will not be easy because it doesn't come naturally to us. We cannot do this on our own. We have to allow God to elevate our vantage point. Start by reading His Word, the Bible...Pray and ask God to transform your thinking. Let Him do what you cannot. Ask Him to give you an eternal, divine perspective.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“The size of a challenge should never be measured by what we have to offer. It will never be enough. Furthermore, provision is God's responsibility, not ours. We are merely called to commit what we have - even if it's no more than a sack lunch.”
― Charles R. Swindoll

“Either we are adrift in chaos or we are individuals, created, loved, upheld and placed purposefully, exactly where we are. Can you believe that? Can you trust God for that?”
― Elisabeth Elliot

“God presents the Sabbath rest as a shelter we can enter. (Hebrews 4:1-11)”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“God never calls His people to accomplish anything without promising to supply their every need.”
― Charles R. Swindoll

“God has called His creation to find satisfaction in a personal relationship with Him, and stop trying to manage the world by conforming it to our expectations, and to allow Him to govern His creation. He continues to say through an ancient Hebrew worship song, "Be still and know that I am God!”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“To be "in Christ" is to place one's trust in Him for salvation from sin. To be "in Christ" is to trust His goodness, not our own; to trust that His sacrificial death on the cross paid the complete debt of death we owe for our sin; to trust that His resurrection gives us eternal life instead of relying upon our own ability to please God. To be "in Christ" is to claim, by faith, the free gift of salvation. To be "in Christ" is to enjoy a completely restored relationship with our Father in heaven by virtue of His Son's righteous standing.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Jesus kept it simple. The lesson wasn't complicated. 'I speak; you believe My word; your son will be fine.' We complicate what God has made simple by seeing the world through human eyes. We want to see in order to believe and presume that our limitations are His.”
― Charles R. Swindoll

“While God, for the most part, allows this cosmos [creation] to work according to the laws of nature, there is never a time when He is not actively involved in every detail of life.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Choose to view life through God's eyes.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“In seasons of hiddenness our sense of value is disrupted, stripped of what "others" affirmed us to be. In this season God intends to give us an unshakable identity in Him, that no amount of adoration nor rejection can alter.”
― Alicia Britt Chole, Anonymous: Jesus' Hidden Years ... and Yours

“When we panic, we instinctively turn to our own internal resources because we doubt Him.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“It's not enough merely to believe there is a God. You must believe in the God who is there.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Boldness in the course of a noble fight is worth the risk...If you stand on truth, you'll only regret your timidity later, but you'll never regret being bold.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Faith itself cannot accomplish anything, yet without faith, no one can fly.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Sin may have the power to kill and destroy, but God is the Creator of life. He can create it from nothing, and He can restore it from death.(John 11:25-26)”
― Charles R. Swindoll

“Jesus never commanded believers to produce fruit. Fruit is the *purpose* of the branch, but it is not the *responsibility* of the branch. The branch cannot produce anything on it's own. However, if it remains attached to the vine, it will receive life-sustaining sap, nourishment, strength, everything it needs.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“The matters we or the world might consider trivial, He cares about and wants to remedy. He longs to relieve our worries and has promised to supply our most fundamental needs.”
― Charles R. Swindoll

“The Promised Land was a tangible representation of God's ultimate desire for His people, but they failed to comprehend His gift for at least three reasons: It was unconditionally promised, it was outrageously generous, and it was absolutely free. None of those make sense in the world as we know it...”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“In the wilderness, God's covenant people struggled with a choice between feeding their bellies and nourishing their souls. God provided manna--a breadlike food that fell to the ground during the night--to sustain the wandering Israelites and to teach them how to value His Word more than physical fulfillment.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“At least one indication of unbelief is the tendency to measure life's challenges against our own adequacy instead of God's promises. To enter our Sabbath rest, we must put an end to self-reliance - trusting in our own abilities to overcome difficulties, rise above challenges, escape tragedies, or achieve personal greatness.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“The wise men posit questions to which they may not always find immediate answers, but through their reflections God stimulates man in his search for truth - which in the last analysis is a search for God himself.”
― University of Navarre, The Navarre Bible: Wisdom Books

“Israel's first king, Saul, looked like he was born for the role. He was tall, handsome, intelligent, and sensitive to God's leading. But he eventually lost most of his attractive qualities, the most important being obedience.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“I live my life in widening circle
That reach out across the world.
I may not ever complete the last one,
But I give myself to it.

I circle around God, that primordial tower.
I have been circling for thousands of years,
And I still don't know: am I a falcon,
A storm, or a great song? [I, 2]”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God

“God deals us all different hands. How we play 'em is up to us.”
― Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses

“The Lord did not create suffering. Pain and death came into the world with the fall of man. But after man had chosen suffering in preference to the joys of union with God, the Lord turned suffering itself into a way by which man could come to the perfect knowledge of God.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“We can scarcely indeed look into any part of the sacred volume without meeting abundant proofs, that it is the religion of the Affections which God particularly requires. Love, Zeal, Gratitude, Joy, Hope, Trust, are each of them specified; and are not allowed to us as weaknesses, but enjoined on us as our bounden duty, and commended to us as our acceptable worship.”
― William Wilberforce, Real Christianity

“In our time mass or collective production has entered our economics, our politics, even our religion, so that some nations have substituted the idea collective for the idea God. This in my time is the danger. There is great tension in the world, tension toward a breaking point, and men are unhappy and confused. At such a time it seems natural and good to me to ask myself these questions. What do I believe in? What must I fight for and what must I fight against?”
― John Steinbeck, East of Eden

“Life had stepped into the place of theory and something quite different would work itself out in his mind.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment

“Life...as God intended it enables us to live above the drag of fear, superstition, shame, pessimism, guilt, anxiety, worry, and all the negativity that keeps people from seizing each day as a gift from Him.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Jesus didn't come to earth to establish a new religion. He came to restore a broken relationship. He came to make the primary, primary again. The secondary activity of obedience to the law of God was always intended to serve the primary activity: to love God and enjoy Him forever. When that is primary, the secondary becomes a labor of love, a joyful, and "easy" burden to bear. (Matthew 11:28-30”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“The crisis of physical hunger is essentially a crisis of faith. What or whom will you trust to meet your most basic needs? Will you trust the God who made human bodies, or will you seek your own way? (Deuteronomy 8:1-3)”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“If there is a god, or hundreds of them, I hope they will forgive me for the harm I may have inflicted on you by telling you exactly what happened.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace

“The Lord gives and the Lord takes away, as it pleases him, for he can do all things.”
― Homer

“To require God to prove that He is able and willing to fulfill His promises would be proof positive that one does not trust Him.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“If God created shadows it was to better emphasise the light.”
― Pope John XXIII

“(Thinking while being interrogated by the Germans) You big shots think you can decide on my life, but I have news for you: you can't touch a hair on my head without the will of God my Father, because He is on my side.”
― Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say

“What I do not like about our definitions of genius is that there is in them nothing of the day of judgment, nothing of resounding through eternity and nothing of the footsteps of the Almighty.”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg

“God is the ultimate recycler. We have a good planet here. It has its troubles, yes. We have overpopulation, we have pollution, we have global warming, we have the Thursday night television lineup,” more laughter, “and, of course, we have the infected. We have a lot of problems on Earth, and it might seem like a great idea to hold the Rapture now—why wait? Let’s move on to Heaven, and leave the trials and tribulations of our earthly existence behind us. Let’s get while the getting’s good, and beat the rush.

“It might seem like a great idea, but I don’t think it is, for the same reason I don’t think it’s a great idea for a first grader to stand up and say that he’s learned enough, he’s done with school, thanks a lot but he’s got it from here. Compared to God, we’re barely out of kindergarten, and like any good teacher, I don’t believe He intends to let us out of class just because we’re finding the lessons a little difficult. I don’t know whether I believe in the Rapture or not. I believe that if God wants to do it, He will… but I don’t believe that it’s coming in our lifetime. We have too much work left to do right here.”
― Mira Grant, Feed

“Submitting seemed to me a lot like giving up. If God gave us the strength to bail- the gumption to try and save ourselves- isn't that what he wanted us to do?”
― Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses

“I would stand there at times and remember how beautiful God created this world, and then I would be reassured that he would certainly take care of me and all of my loved ones.”
― Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say

“Elizabeth's barreness and advanced age--a double symbol of hopelessness--became the means by which God would announce to the world that nothing is impossible for Him.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Old religious dogma attempts to convince you that you are on a journey to God, then makes you pay tolls along that roadway.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If it's not for Him, I guess I'd be dead few years ago.”
― Jestoni Revealed

“Yes, our Father has a plan, Ciminae,” he said. “But he leaves it up to his children to accept his will. It is their agency. He cannot force his will upon them. If he did, he would cease to be God. They . . . we must choose for ourselves to accept his will with unbreakable faith in our Father. That is when the Father moves us to do his will.” (The Spirit. From Book 2, "Worlds Without End: Aftermath," coming September 1, 2012)”
― Shaun F. Messick

“For though, I walk through the valley of shadows of Death, I will never fear. For You are in Me and I know You will never let me Go. ”
― Jestoni Revealed

“Though the ancient poet in Plutarch tells us we must not trouble the gods with our affairs because they take no heed of our angers and disputes, we can never enough decry the disorderly sallies of our minds.”
― Michel de Montaigne

“"Well, It's just painful to see them without nothing to eat and at the same time no God. So let's share our food and our God.”
― Jestoni Revealed

“Everything in life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on the planet and wasting everybody's time.”
― Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses

“Dumnezeu este doar unul şi acelaşi pretutindeni.”
― Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“To realize that we are just a breath away from eternity takes a lot of guts and brain power. So, spend your breath wisely.”
― Jestoni Revealed

“God Only Knows the Issue.”
― Heiligman Deborah

“Do we always do the things that God would take pleasure, or that we do things we think God would take pleasure.”
― Jestoni Revealed

“Holiness consists simply in doing God's will, and being just what God wants us to be.”
― St. Thérèse de Lisieux

“Love loves unto purity. Love has ever in view the absolute loveliness of that which it beholds. Therefore all that is not beautiful in the beloved, all that comes between and is not of love's kind, must be destroyed. And our God is a consuming fire.”
― George MacDonald

“Those who fight against God's people are fighting against God, and fighters against God will not prevail.”
― Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of Jehovah's Witnesses

“Do you not see the Madonna always beside the tabernacle?”
― Padre Pio

“It is unfortunate that in most cases when the sins of the father fall on the son it is because unlike God, people refuse to forgive and forget and heap past wrongs upon innocent generations.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“...Singles, too, must see the penultimate status of marriage. If single Christians don't develop a deeply fulfilling love relationship with Jesus, they will put too much pressure on their DREAM of marriage, and that will create pathology in their lives as well.”
― Timothy Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God

“Saying that you are moral because you believe in a god is like saying you are an economist because you play monopoly.”
― Robert W. Cox

“There is no unmoving mover behind the movement. It is only movement. It is not correct to say that life is moving, but life is movement itself. Life and movement are not two different things. In other words, there is no thinker behind the thought. Thought itself is the thinker. If you remove the thought, there is no thinker to be found.”
― Walpola Rahula, What the Buddha Taught

“You only get one body; it is the temple of your soul. Even God is willing to dwell there. If you truly treat your body like a temple, it will serve you well for decades. If you abuse it you must be prepared for poor health and a lack of energy.”
― Oli Hille, Creating the Perfect Lifestyle

“Conscience is the light by which we interpret the will of God in our own lives.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“The place that the shepherds found was not an academy or an abstract republic, it was not a place of myths allegorised or dissected or explained or explained away. It was a place of dreams come true.”
― G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man

“For I know that we laughers have a gross cousinship with the most high, and it is this contrast and perpetual quarrel which feeds a spring of merriment in the soul of a sane man.”
― Hilaire Belloc, The Path to Rome

“Of course, in the process, you must never do harm to others in any serious way, or you'll cease to amuse Him. Then payment comes due for promises you didn't keep.”
― Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas

“I prayed to a mystery.
Sometimes I was simply aware of the mystery. I saw a flash of it during a trip to New York that David and I took before we were married. We were walking on a busy sidewalk in Manhattan. I don't remember if it was day or night. A man with a wound on his forehead came toward us. His damp, ragged hair might have been clotted with blood, or maybe it was only dirt. He wore deeply dirty clothes. His red, swollen hands, cupped in half-fists, swung loosely at his sides. His eyes were focused somewhere past my right shoulder. He staggered while he walked. The sidewalk traffic flowed around him and with him. He was strange and frightening, and at the same time he belonged on the Manhattan sidewalk as much as any of us. It was that paradox -- that he could be both alien and resident, both brutalized and human, that he could stand out in the moving mass of people like a sea monster in a school of tuna and at the same time be as much at home as any of us -- that stayed with me. I never saw him again, but I remember him often, and when I do, I am aware of the mystery.
Years later, I was out on our property on the Olympic Peninsula, cutting a path through the woods. This was before our house was built. After chopping through dense salal and hacking off ironwood bushes for an hour or so, I stopped, exhausted. I found myself standing motionless, intensely aware of all of the life around me, the breathing moss, the chattering birds, the living earth. I was as much a part of the woods as any millipede or cedar tree. At that moment, too, I was aware of the mystery.
Sometimes I wanted to speak to this mystery directly. Out of habit, I began with "Dear God" and ended with "Amen". But I thought to myself, I'm not praying to that old man in the sky. Rather, I'm praying to this thing I can't define. It was sort of like talking into a foggy valley.
Praying into a bank of fog requires alot of effort. I wanted an image to focus on when I prayed. I wanted something to pray *to*. but I couldn't go back to that old man. He was too closely associated with all I'd left behind.”
― Margaret McGee

“The love of Christ for me will get last say. He is merciful to me for his name’s sake, for the sake of his own goodness, for the sake of his steadfast love and compassion (Psalm 25). When he thinks about me, he remembers what he is like, and that is my exceeding joy. My indestructible hope is that he has turned his face towards me, and he will never turn away.”
― David Powlison

“Gift better than Himself God doth not know,
Gift better than God no man can see;
This gift doth here the giver given bestow
Gift to this gift let each receiver be;
God is my gift, Himself He freely gave me,
God's gift am I, and none but God shall have me.”
― Robert Southwell, Collected Poems: Robert Southwell SJ

“That wish - that prayer - both men and women would have scorned me for - "But, Father, Thou wilt not despise!" I said, and felt that it was true.”
― Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey

“The whole function of the life of prayer is, then, to enlighten and strengthen our conscience so that it not only knows and perceives the outward, written precepts of the moral and divine laws, but above all lives God's law in concrete reality by perfect and continual union with His will.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“I'm through with you. Yes, I am going to put you down. From now on, I am my own God. I am going to live by the rules I se for myself. I'll discard everything I was once taught about you. Then I'll be you. I'll be my own God, living my life as I see fit. Not as Mr. Charlie says I should live it, or Mama or anybody else. I shall do as I want in this society that apparently wasn't meant for me and my kind. If you are getting angry because I am talking to you like this, then just kill me, leave me here in this graveyard dead. Maybe thats where all of us belong anyway. Maybe then we wouldn't have to suffer so much. At the rate we are being killed now, we'll all be soon dead anyway.”
― Anne Moody, Coming of Age in Mississippi: The Classic Autobiography of a Young Black Girl in the Rural South

“And you know what? If there is a God, and it's that same God who's so eager to have temples built in honor of his greatness, and wars fought over him, and people dropping to their knees telling him what a wonderful, magnificent being he is? If this all-powerful, all-knowing creature for some reason just can't get by without my worship? Then let him give me some proof. Or at least get over himself if I decide to go out and get some.”
― Robin Wasserman, The Book of Blood and Shadow

“Independence is counterfeit freedom. We think if we can make all our own choices and do our own thing, we will be free. But the opposite is true. By trying to be independent, we are attempting to take God’s place as the ruler of our lives. We can never succeed at creating happiness because we are the created, not the Creator.”
― Pauline Creeden, The Prodigal Life: Coming all the way home to God

“There are still many souls to be won for Christ,” she answered with quiet dignity, eyes downcast—but not, he figured, in humility. “Even here. Perhaps, especially here. Where better to spread his love, than a country just recently ravaged by war?”
“Where better to be kidnapped and sold into slavery, than a country just recently ravaged by war?” with a discernible sneer.”
― V.S. Carnes

“Yesterday the paper had a "short" summary of the places where Jews are not allowed! I can better mention where they are still aloud: "in their houses and in the streets!" God, punish those who are persecuting the people you chose and to whom Jesus also belonged. -From the diary of Diet Eman”
― Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say

“The realm of God is dangerous. You must enter into it and not just seek information about it”
― Archbishop Anthony Bloom

“Life will be a whole lot better if we understand what our salvation in Christ means.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“By the end of the war, I could pick out Jewish people almost as if I had a sixth sense about it, even if they had blue eyes and blond hair. I would have been a very valuable Gestapo person.”
― Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say

“Yes, he had made a good choice after all when he had chosen the God of the green pasture and the still waters! He was very powerful, and the fact that He expected you to think for yourself and do something in return for His help did not matter, as long as you could work things out.”
― Anne Holm

“I prayed to what all things hold in common. I prayed to what makes life. I thought about the elements of the universe, the rocks, the stars, the air, other living things. I tried to get the perspective of what's behind all that. I prayed to the force that brings things into existence. I thought this force encompassed all it created. My God was transcendent, and my God was also immanent. God ran in my veins. God lived and died and lived again in every atom of the universe.”
― Margaret McGee

“Therefore, she hummed the provincial lullaby she had learned from the officers’ children in the English Quarter of Jerusalem, and watched in fascination while the savage radical’s eyes misted over with tears. For an instant, the prison bars melted away, and she felt God’s presence—for the first time since their imprisonment. She was not a captive, and this man was not her captor. Indeed, they were both merely God’s children.”
― V.S. Carnes

“After the prayer they executed an armed robbery. That sounds very strange this many years later: prayer and then armed robbery.”
― Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say

“Love without truth is sentimentality; it supports and affirms us but keeps us in denial about our flaws. Truth without love is harshness; it gives us information but in such a way that we cannot really hear it. God's saving love in Christ, however, is marked by both radical truthfulness about who we are and yet also radical, unconditional commitment to us. The merciful commitment strengthens us to see the truth about ourselves and repent. The conviction and repentance moves us to cling to and rest in God's mercy and grace.”
― Timothy Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God

“Be strong, live happy and love, but first of all
Him whom to love is to obey, and keep
His great command!”
― John Milton, Paradise Lost

“Your mind was made to know and love God.”
― John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life

“Lord, I believe; help my unbelief' is the best any of us can do really, but thank God it is enough.”
― Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat

“If we are to believe he is really alive with all that that implies, then we have to believe without proof. And of course that is the only way it could be. If it could be somehow proved, then we would have no choice but to believe. We would lose our freedom not to believe. And in the very moment that we lost that freedom, we would cease to be human beings. Our love of God would have been forced upon us, and love that is forced is of course not love at all. Love must be freely given. Love must live in the freedom not to love; it must take risks. Love must be prepared to suffer even as Jesus on the Cross suffered, and part of that suffering is doubt.”
― Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat

“God arranges everything for us, so that we need have no more fear or trouble and may be quite sure that all things will come right in the end.”
― Johanna Spyri, Heidi

“When we live in the love of God, we begin to pay attention to people the way God pays attention to us.”
― John Ortberg, Love Beyond Reason: Moving God's Love from Your Head to Your Heart

“Beauty, then, is not mere decoration, but rather an essential element of the liturgical action, since it is an attribute of God himself and his revelation. These considerations should make us realize the care which is needed, if the liturgical action is to reflect its innate splendour.”
― Pope Benedict XVI

“you won’t ever get ahead if you keep feeling sorry for yourself. You must stop all the negative talk and start thinking positive. You have a lot of potential but your life won’t change until you change how you think”.”
― Michele Woolley, God's Favor - Breath Of Heaven

“Le hasard, c'est peut-être le pseudonyme de Dieu quand il ne veut pas signer.”
― Théophile Gautier, The Cross of Berny or Irene's Lovers

“You must make your choice: either this man was, and is, the Son of God, or else a madman or something worse. You can shut him up for a fool, you can spit at him and kill him as a demon; or you can fall at his feet and call him Lord and God. But let us not come with any patronizing nonsense about his being a great human teacher. He has not left that open to us. He did not intend to.”
― C. S. Lewis

“I am a man, and men are animals who tell stories. This is a gift from God, who spoke our species into being, but left the end of our story untold. That mystery is troubling to us. How could it be otherwise? Without the final part, we think, how are we to make sense of all that went before: which is to say, our lives?

So we make stories of our own, in fevered and envious imitation of our Maker, hoping that we'll tell, by chance, what God left untold. And finishing our tale, come to understand why we were born.”
― Clive Barker, Sacrament

“But deep this truth impress'd my mind:
Thro' all His works abroad,
The heart benevolent and kind
The most resembles God.”
― Robert Burns, Collected Poems of Robert Burns

“The evil and suffering in this world are greater than any of us can comprehend. But evil and suffering are not ultimate. God is. Satan, the great lover of evil and suffering, is not sovereign. God is.”
― John Piper, Suffering and the Sovereignty of God

“Like Adam, we have all lost Paradise; and yet we carry Paradise around inside of us in the form of a longing for, almost a memory of, a blessedness that is no more, or the dream of a blessedness that may someday be again.”
― Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat

“The organist was almost at the end of the anthem’s long introduction, and as the crescendo increases the cathedral began to glitter before my eyes until I felt as if every stone in the building was vibrating in anticipation of the sweeping sword of sound from the Choir.

The note exploded in our midst, and at that moment I knew our creator had touched not only me but all of us, just as Harriet had touched that sculpture with a loving hand long ago, and in that touch I sensed the indestructible fidelity, the indescribable devotion and the inexhaustible energy of the creator as he shaped his creation, bringing life out of dead matter, wresting form continually from chaos. Nothing was ever lost, Harriet had said, and nothing was ever wasted because always, when the work was finally completed, every article of the created process, seen or unseen, kept or discarded, broken or mended – EVERYTHING was justified, glorified and redeemed.”
― Susan Howatch

“If we are serious about loving God, we must begin with people, all people. And especially we must learn to love those that the world generally discards.”
― John Ortberg, Love Beyond Reason: Moving God's Love from Your Head to Your Heart

“Every day you and I walk through God's shop. Every day we brush up against objects of incalculable worth to Him. People. Every one of them carries a price tag, if only we could see it.”
― John Ortberg, Love Beyond Reason: Moving God's Love from Your Head to Your Heart

“It is not objective proof of God's existence that we want but, whether we use religious language for it or not, the experience of God's presence.”
― Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat

“If we require some kind of sign, or "proof," for our belief in God, then we believe, or place our tust, not in God but in the sign or proof.”
― Robert L. Short, The Gospel According to Peanuts

“The portraits, of more historical than artistic interest, had gone; and tapestry, full of the blue and bronze of peacocks, fell over the doors, and shut out all history and activity untouched with beauty and peace; and now when I looked at my Crevelli and pondered on the rose in the hand of the Virgin, wherein the form was so delicate and precise that it seemed more like a thought than a flower, or at the grey dawn and rapturous faces of my Francesca, I knew all a Christian's ecstasy without his slavery to rule and custom; when I pondered over the antique bronze gods and goddesses, which I had mortgaged my house to buy, I had all a pagan's delight in various beauty and without his terror at sleepless destiny and his labour with many sacrifices; and I had only to go to my bookshelf, where every book was bound in leather, stamped with intricate ornament, and of a carefully chosen colour: Shakespeare in the orange of the glory of the world, Dante in the dull red of his anger, Milton in the blue grey of his formal calm; and I could experience what I would of human passions without their bitterness and without satiety. I had gathered about me all gods because I believed in none, and experienced every pleasure because I gave myself to none, but held myself apart, individual, indissoluble, a mirror of polished steel: I looked in the triumph of this imagination at the birds of Hera, glowing in the firelight as though they were wrought of jewels; and to my mind, for which symbolism was a necessity, they seemed the doorkeepers of my world, shutting out all that was not of as affluent a beauty as their own; and for a moment I thought as I had thought in so many other moments, that it was possible to rob life of every bitterness except the bitterness of death; and then a thought which had followed this thought, time after time, filled me with a passionate sorrow.”
― W.B. Yeats, Rosa Alchemica

“And of the sixth day yet remained
There wanted yet the master work, the end
Of all yet done: a creature who not prone
And brute as other creatures but endued
With sanctity of reason might erect
His stature and, upright with front serene,
Govern the rest, self-knowing, and from thence
Magnanimous to correspond with Heaven,
But grateful to acknowledge whence his good
Descends, thither with heart and voice and eyes
Directed in devotion to adore
And worship God supreme who made him chief
Of all His works.”
― John Milton, Paradise Lost

“He does not call those who are worthy, but those whom He will.”
― "Therese of Lisieux

“Woods are grim places. Farmers shoot squirrels, crows, magpies, and hang them up on trees to warn Mother Nature to get it together or else. Much notice she takes, being in league with God. They're a right pair, more carnage than the rest of us put together.”
― Jonathan Gash, The Rich and the Profane

“Every Sunday I nudge Sam in her direction, and he walks to where she is sitting and hugs her. She smells him behind the ears, where he most smells like sweet unwashed new potatoes. This is in fact what I think God may smell like, a young child's slightly dirty neck.”
― Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith

“There is a god in whom I do not believe
Yet to this god my love stretches,
This god whom I do not believe in is
My whole life, my life and I am his.

Everything that I have of pleasure and pain
(Of pain, of bitter pain and men's contempt)
I give this god for him to feed upon
As he is my whole life and I am his.

When I am dead I hope that he will eat
Everything I have been and have not been
And crunch and feed upon it and grow fat
Eating my life all up as it is his.

- God the Eater”
― Stevie Smith, Collected Poems

“The Servant who really studies his Master gradually becomes like his master; gradually learns that he himself is the one who in the end does all the work and has all the power.”
― Don Cupitt, Theology's Strange Return

“If any human concious able to define the God then he exactly don't know about the God. If willing to describe then he is beliver of the God. Because The God is unable to describe, if described then not about God. Because God is unable to describe, thats why there is God. The supreme power.”
― kunal jajal

“Once, I remember, Father Abbot said that our purpose is justice, and with God lies the privilege of mercy. But even God, when he intends mercy, needs tools to his hand.”
― Ellis Peters, Dead Man's Ransom

“Inherent rights are from God, and the tragedies of the world originate in their attempted denial.”
― Warren Gamaliel Harding

“I believe that at the center of the universe there dwells a loving spirit who longs for all that’s best in all of creation, a spirit who knows the great potential of each planet as well as each person, and little by little will love us into being more than we ever dreamed possible. That loving spirit would rather die than give up on any one of us.”
― Fred Rogers, Life's Journeys According to Mister Rogers: Things to Remember Along the Way

“Tell me something. Do you believe in God?'

Snow darted an apprehensive glance in my direction. 'What? Who still believes nowadays?'

'It isn't that simple. I don't mean the traditional God of Earth religion. I'm no expert in the history of religions, and perhaps this is nothing new--do you happen to know if there was ever a belief in an...imperfect God?'

'What do you mean by imperfect?' Snow frowned. 'In a way all the gods of the old religions were imperfect, considered that their attributes were amplified human ones. The God of the Old Testament, for instance, required humble submission and sacrifices, and and was jealous of other gods. The Greek gods had fits of sulks and family quarrels, and they were just as imperfect as mortals...'

'No,' I interrupted. 'I'm not thinking of a god whose imperfection arises out of the candor of his human creators, but one whose imperfection represents his essential characteristic: a god limited in his omniscience and power, fallible, incapable of foreseeing the consequences of his acts, and creating things that lead to horror. He is a...sick god, whose ambitions exceed his powers and who does not realize it at first. A god who has created clocks, but not the time they measure. He has created systems or mechanisms that serves specific ends but have now overstepped and betrayed them. And he has created eternity, which was to have measured his power, and which measures his unending defeat.'

Snow hesitated, but his attitude no longer showed any of the wary reserve of recent weeks:

'There was Manicheanism...'

'Nothing at all to do with the principles of Good and Evil,' I broke in immediately. 'This god has no existence outside of matter. He would like to free himself from matter, but he cannot...'

Snow pondered for a while:

'I don't know of any religion that answers your description. That kind of religion has never been...necessary. If i understand you, and I'm afraid I do, what you have in mind is an evolving god, who develops in the course of time, grows, and keeps increasing in power while remaining aware of his powerlessness. For your god, the divine condition is a situation without a goal. And understanding that, he despairs. But isn't this despairing god of yours mankind, Kelvin? Is it man you are talking about, and that is a fallacy, not just philosophically but also mystically speaking.'

I kept on:

'No, it's nothing to do with man. man may correspond to my provisional definition from some point of view, but that is because the definition has a lot of gaps. Man does not create gods, in spite of appearances. The times, the age, impose them on him. Man can serve is age or rebel against it, but the target of his cooperation or rebellion comes to him from outside. If there was only a since human being in existence, he would apparently be able to attempt the experiment of creating his own goals in complete freedom--apparently, because a man not brought up among other human beings cannot become a man. And the being--the being I have in mind--cannot exist in the plural, you see? ...Perhaps he has already been born somewhere, in some corner of the galaxy, and soon he will have some childish enthusiasm that will set him putting out one star and lighting another. We will notice him after a while...'

'We already have,' Snow said sarcastically. 'Novas and supernovas. According to you they are candles on his altar.'

'If you're going to take what I say literally...'

...Snow asked abruptly:

'What gave you this idea of an imperfect god?'

'I don't know. It seems quite feasible to me. That is the only god I could imagine believing in, a god whose passion is not a redemption, who saves nothing, fulfills no purpose--a god who simply is.”
― Stanisław Lem, Solaris

“There is a greater Christian faith than one which settles for the temporal happiness, and that is the augmentation of faith. The more faithful you become, the harder the obstacles get; but the harder the obstacles get, the tougher your spine grows; and the tougher your spine grows, the less dependent you are on man's approval. I came to know this about Christianity when valuing faith before comfort.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Man of an hard heart! Hear me, Proud, Stern, and Cruel! You could have saved me; you could have restored me to happiness and virtue, but would not! You are the destroyer of my Soul; You are my Murderer, and on you fall the curse of my death and my unborn Infant’s! Insolent in your yet-unshaken virtue, you disdained the prayers of a Penitent; But God will show mercy, though you show none. And where is the merit of your boasted virtue? What temptations have you vanquished? Coward! you have fled from it, not opposed seduction. But the day of Trial will arrive! Oh! then when you yield to impetuous passions! when you feel that Man is weak, and born to err; When shuddering you look back upon your crimes, and solicit with terror the mercy of your God, Oh! in that fearful moment think upon me! Think upon your Cruelty! Think upon Agnes, and despair of pardon!”
― Matthew Gregory Lewis, The Monk

“Learned arguments do not make a man holy and righteous, whereas a good life makes him dear to God.”
― Thomas a Kempis, The Imitation of Christ

“Suffering often draws us closer to God. Instead of being a sign of God's punishment or distance, suffering can purify us, lead us into the heart of God, and transform our souls.”
― Allen R. Hunt, Confessions of a Mega Church Pastor: How I Discovered the Hidden Treasures of the Catholic Church

“Spiritual yearning is the homesickness of the soul.”
― Ma Jaya Sati Bhagavati, The 11 Karmic Spaces: Choosing Freedom from the Patterns That Bind You

“The cautious faith that never saws off a limb on which it is sitting, never learns that unattached limbs may find strange unaccountable ways of not falling.”
― Dallas Willard

“You and I are part of the colony of heaven. Right now, we may reside here on earth, but our passport indicates that our citizenship is in heaven. We are on the earth, but not of the earth.”
― Allen R. Hunt, Confessions of a Mega Church Pastor: How I Discovered the Hidden Treasures of the Catholic Church

“Yes, she believed God loved her. But if this whole fiasco was His idea of love . . .”
― Lauraine Snelling, Valley of Dreams

“If there is a God who made us and we did wrong before His eyes—as George says—at least we did wrong only because we were as God made us, and I do not think that He should set traps. Oh, you should know better than George! Let us not bring all that back into the world again—the angry God, the mean God—the one who does not tell us the rules of the game, and then strikes us when we break them. Let us not bring Him back.”
― George R. Stewart, Earth Abides

“Children, like God, see only our actions.”
― Marty Rubin

“There is nothing more wonderful than a book. It may be a message to us from the dead, from human souls we never saw who lived perhaps thousands of miles away, and yet these little sheets of paper speak to us, arouse us, teach us, open our hearts and in turn open their hearts to us like brothers. Without books, God is silent, justice dormant, philosophy lame.”
― Charles Kingsley

“God goes with thoughtless people.”
― Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten

“If you're male, and you're Christian and living in America, your father is your model for God. And sometimes you find your father in your career.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club

“Doubtless, by definition, God was Reason itself. But would he also be "reasonable" [...]”
― C.S. Lewis, Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life

“I need just be a bayonet, a bayonet named Diving Punishment. I wish I'd been born a storm. Or a menace. Or a single grenade. No heart, no tears, just as a terrible gale'd have been good. If [by doing this] I become that, then so be it.”
― Kouta Hirano

“In the name of God, they stole her time and her freedom, putting shackles on her heart. They preached about God's kindness, but preached twice as much about his wrath and intolerance.”
― Haruki Murakami, 1Q84

“When hiding ourselves behind religiosity becomes the order of the day, grace is left by the wayside; without being honest about our own sin, we will never show compassion toward others. If we are to adorn ourselves with anything, it should be with compassion and honesty—the foundations of connecting to our community.”
― Matt Litton, The Mockingbird Parables: Transforming Lives Through the Power of Story

“If one would praise the Almighty, one must then revel in His works, and take them whole, adore their very grossness, savor the oozing quiddity of that slime of which He seems to be inordinately fond. Love is not nice. God's love assuredly is not; and human love, its copy, must not presume to be so.”
― Eric Frank Russell, The Great Explosion

“If you dont love somebody, it gets annoying if they tell you what to do or what to feel. When you love them, you get pleasure from their pleasure nad it makes it easy to serve. I didnt love God because i didnt know God. universe is not effected by time. Light exists outside of time.. It is still a mystery to physicists.”
― Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality

“Why do you believe in God?" the woman asked me in the busy corridor. I don't remember the answer I gave. It was probably too long and rattled in her ears. I wish I could go back and answer her again. "Because HE believes in me," I would say. Isn't that enough?”
― Donna VanLiere, Finding Grace

“What mortal claims, by searching to the utmost limit, to have found out the nature of God, or of his opposite, or of that which comes between, seeing as he doth this world of man tossed to and fro by waves of contradiction and strange vicissitudes?”
― Euripides, Helen

“How charming is divine Philosophy!
Not harsh, and crabbed as dull fools suppose,
But musical as is Apollo's lute,
And a perpetual feast of nectar'd sweets,
Where no crude surfet raigns.”
― John Milton, Comus

“God is as real as a station wagon.”
― Peggy Payne

“The sight of her made him understand why he'd lost his faith in God.”
― Sarah Langan, The Keeper

“If a man cannot serve two masters, neither can Christianity, or several thousand of them as the case may be.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“Don't creationists ever wonder about the fact that the paleontologists found ape-like skulls with the 'human leg and foot bones,' rather than the other way around, i.e., human skulls with 'ape leg and foot bones?' . . . Come on, creationists, think about it! Did God hide the human skulls, only leaving behind leg and foot bones belonging to human midgets with misshapen feet, and mix such bones only with the skulls of ape-like creatures with larger cranial capacities than living apes? What a 'kidder' the creationists' God must be.”
― Edward Babinski

“Adam and Eve had first-hand empirical evidence of God’s existence. He walked in the Garden with them. Their problem was that God told them they could not eat of a certain tree. – p. 113”
― Ray A, Practice These Principles: Living the Spiritual Disciplines and Virtues in 12-Step Recovery to Achieve Spiritual Growth, Character Development, and Emotional Sobriety

“I would put myself in the attitude to look in the eye an abstract truth, and I cannot. I blench and withdraw on this side and on that. I seem to know what he meant who said, No man can see God face to face and live.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Disasters work like alarm clocks to the world, hence God allows them. They are shouting, 'Wake up! Love! Pray!”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“One of the greatest gifts from God is the eternal perspective. It is a level of fearlessness, a level of understanding where one can experience even emotional harmony with God.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“God's relationship with man does not work in a way in which man stumbles and then God has to drop what he is doing in order to lift him up; rather, man stumbles so that God can lift him up. Hence it is utterly impossible to truly diminish his glory.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“She was satisfied with the answer God had given Moses from the burning bush when Moses had seen fit to question. Who are you? Mose asks, and God comes back from that bush just as pert as you like: I Am, Who I AM. In other words, Mose, stop beatin around this here bush and get your old ass in gear.”
― Stephen King, The Stand

“The connection between art and Christ is like the connection between sunlight and the sun. It is, in fact, the connection between Sonlight and the Son.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“God is love, I said, but art's the possibility of forms, and shadows are the source of identity.”
― Ralph Ellison, Juneteenth

“Knowledge and book learning are not wisdom," said the captain.

"Is this book wisdom?" asked Lucy, putting the manuscript back on the table.

"It has some elements of wisdom in it, me dear," replied the captain. "I did not lead a very wise life myself but it was a full one and a grown-up one. You come to age very often through shipwreck and disaster, and at the heart of the whirlpool some men find God.”
― R.A. Dick, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir

“Discourse is not life; its time is not your time; in it, you will not be reconciled to death; you may have killed God beneath the weight of all that you have said; but don't imagine that, with all that you are saying you will make a man that will live longer than he.”
― Michel Foucault, The Archaeology of Knowledge & The Discourse on Language

“What is less often noticed is that it is precisely the kind of moral instruction that parents are constantly trying to give their children — concrete, imaginative, teaching general principles from particular instances, and seeking all the time to bring the children to appreciate and share the parent's own attitudes and view of life… The all-embracing principles of conduct”
― J.I. Packer, Knowing God

“So whom does God wrong in commanding the destruction of the Canaanites? Not the Canaanite adults, for they were corrupt and deserving of judgment. Not the children, for they inherit eternal life. So who is wronged? Ironically, I think the most difficult part of this whole debate is the apparent wrong done to the Israeli soldiers themselves. Can you imagine what it would be like to have to break into some house and kill a terrified woman and her children? The brutalising effect on these Israeli soldiers is disturbing.”
― William Lane Craig

“Only when it is seen that what decides each individual's destiny is whether or not God decides to save him from his sins, and that this is a decision that God need not make in any individual case, can one begin to grasp the biblical view of grace.”
― J.I. Packer, Knowing God

“But, as I understand it, your God is a universal God; He is God on all suns and all planets. Surely, then, He must have universal form? Would it not be a staggering vanity to imagine that He can manifest Himself only in the form that is appropriate to this particular, not very important planet?”
― John Wyndham, The Midwich Cuckoos

“Whatever thought grips the mind at the time of death is the one which will propel it and decide for it the nature of its future birth. Thus if one wants to attain god after death, one has to think of him steadfastly... This is not as simple as it sounds, for at the time of death the mind automatically flies to the thought of an object (i.e. money, love) which has possessed it during its sojourn in the world. Thus one must think of god constantly.”
― Stephen Mitchell

“Keep it simple and keep it real. The more basic we see our connection to God and Spirit, the easier it is to feel like you're a part of it.”
― Jim Fargiano

“Before God does anything, before he makes anything for us to be sustained by, God says, "More than food, more than water, more than shelter, more than other people, they are going to need me.”
― Wesley Miller

“Marty, my mother used to say "Never get greedy with God." I think what she meant was "Don't dare ask for more if you already have what you need." ”
― James Patterson, The Christmas Wedding

“This universe is shot through with mystery. The very fact of its being, and of our own, is a mystery absolute, and the only miracle worthy of the name. The consciousness that animates us is itself central to this mystery and the ground for any experience we might wish to call 'spiritual.' No myths need be embraced for us to commune with the profundity of our circumstance. No personal God need be worshiped for us to live in awe at the beauty and immensity of creation. No tribal fictions need be rehearsed for us to realize, one fine day, that we do, in fact, love our neighbors, that our happiness is inextricable from their own, and that our interdependence demands that people everywhere be given the opportunity to flourish.”
― Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason

“The brain, which operates on electromagnetic impulses, is as much an activity of the universe as are the electromagnetic storms in the atmosphere or on a distant star. Therefore science is one form of electromagnetism that spends it time studying another form…science is god explaining god through a human nervous system…isn’t spirituality the same thing?”
― Deepak Chopra

“The suffering of the Christian or anyone else in this world is never ultimately an accident. All suffering is within the pale of divine sovereignty. All suffering comes within the broader context of the sovereignty of God.”
― R.C. Sproul, Reason to Believe: A Response to Common Objections to Christianity

“Dominance is only for GOD.”
― Syed Islam

“We are in God’s hands. We can’t come up with a surprise big enough or a sin vile enough to thwart His plan. If we allow Him to refine us we will inevitably end up free from the impurities that separate us from Him.”
― Toni Sorenson

“All the different religions are really like different paths leading to the same goal. So there is no question of prescribing any rigid set of principles or practices. Everyone has got the right to follow his own path and approach God in his own way.”
― Kedar Nath Tiwari, Comparative Religion

“You were born into this life equipped to succeed. You are a part of God’s perfect plan. Yes, you. The plan would not be perfect if you were missing. Think about that. You matter more than you know.”
― Toni Sorenson

“There is a beauty in paradox when it comes to talking about things of ultimate concern. Paradox works against our tendency to stay superficial in our faith, or to rest on easy answers or categorical thinking. It breaks apart our categories by showing the inadequacy of them and by pointing to a reality larger than us, the reality of gloria, of light, of beyond-the-beyond. I like to call it paradoxology—the glory of paradox, paradox-doxology—which takes us somewhere we wouldn’t be capable of going if we thought we had everything all wrapped up, if we thought we had attained full comprehension. The commitment to embracing the paradox and resisting the impulse to categorize people (ourselves included) is one of the ways we follow Jesus into that larger mysterious reality of light and love.”
― Nanette Sawyer

“God is merciful cant we all be on the right track of faith but just using different roads?”
― Ali Al-Ahmed

“No mi kršćani upućeni smo po središtu našega Creda - 'mučen pod Poncijem Pilatom' - u povijest u kojoj je bilo razapinjanja i mučenja, u kojoj se plakalo i tako rijetko ljubilo. I nikakav od povijesti udaljeni mit, nikakav Platonovi idejni Bog, nikakva gnostička soteriologija i nikakav apstraktni govor o povijesnosti naše egzistencije ne mogu nam vratiti onu nedužnost koju smo u toj povijesti izgubili.”
― Johann Baptist Metz, Memoria passionis: Ein provozierendes Gedächtnis in pluralistischer Gesellschaft

“Radi se mnogo više - i to isključivo - o pitanju kako uopće valja govoriti o Bogu pred neizmjernom poviješću trpljenja svijeta, 'njegovoga' svijeta. To je pitanje, kako ga ja vidim, glavno pitanje teologije; ona ga ne smije niti eliminirati niti svojim odgovorom prepuniti.”
― Johann Baptist Metz, Memoria passionis: Ein provozierendes Gedächtnis in pluralistischer Gesellschaft

“Tko npr. formulira govor o Bogu Abrahamovu, Izakovu i Jakovljevu tako da se u njemu više ne čuje Jobov uzdisaj i tužaljka 'Ta dokle još?', taj se ne bavi teologijom nego mitologijom.”
― Johann Baptist Metz, Memoria passionis: Ein provozierendes Gedächtnis in pluralistischer Gesellschaft

“If we do not know the King that comes to your bedroom for the sole purpose of taking out your trash, then you have yet to know Jesus as the Servant of All.”
― Stuart Greaves

“We take a cavalier approach to Scripture at our own peril. If the scientific and historical accounts are true, then the commandments, promises and penalties are much more so. The Bible is not just a guideline. It is the authoritative Word of God. Disobeying it has consequences. Obeying it has rewards. Yet we fudge. We compromise. We rationalize. We trade away our spiritual integrity for man’s approval and as we do, we gradually erode our ability to distinguish right from wrong, to see our own failings, and to turn back in repentance to God. We simply have no idea how this cavalier attitude towards God’s Word taints our witness and hinders the kingdom of God.”
― Craig Olson

“There’s faith that knows itself as faith, Proyas, and there’s faith that confuses itself for knowledge. The first embraces uncertainty, acknowledges the mysteriousness of the God. It begets compassion and tolerance. Who can entirely condemn when they’re not entirely certain they’re in the right? But the second, Proyas, the second embraces certainty and only pays lip service to the God’s mystery. It begets intolerance, hatred, violence.”
― R. Scott Bakker, The Darkness That Comes Before

“In essence I find that the foundation of modern conservatism is driven by a clinging to God in fear of the world, whereas the foundation of modern liberalism is a clinging to the world in fear of God; albeit, the true foundation should be one's clinging to God in fear of God.”
― Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile

“Everyone claims to be okay with freedom of religion, but the moment you mention God there is a strange tension that fills the air. If there was a 6th sense, that would be it.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“At best we are but clay, animated dust; but viewed as sinners, we are monsters indeed. Let it be published in heaven as a miracle that the Lord Jesus should set His heart's love upon people like us.”
― Alistair Begg

“The best proof that He will never cease to love us lies in that He never began.”
― Geerhardus Vos, Redemptive History and Biblical Interpretation: The Shorter Writings of Geerhardus Vos

“Stories are masks of God.

That's a story, too, of course. I made it up, in collaborations with Joseph Campbell and Scheherazade, Jesus and the Buddha and the Brother's Grimm.

Stories show us how to bear the unbearable, approach the unapproachable, conceive the inconceiveable. Stories provide meaning, texture, layers and layers of truth.

Stories can also trivialize. Offered indelicately, taken too literally, stories become reductionist tools, rendering things neat and therefore false. Even as we must revere and cherish the masks we variously create, Campbell reminds us, we must not mistake the masks of God for God.

So it seemes to me that one of the most vital things we can teach our children is how to be storytellers. How to tell stories that are rigorously, insistently, beautifully true. And how to believe them.”
― Melanie Tem, The Man on the Ceiling

“Mystical experiences do not necessarily supply new ideas to the mind, rather, they transform what one believes into what one knows, converting abstract concepts, such as divine love, into vivid, personal, realities.”
― R.M. Jones

“In recent times, more and more human thinking has come to assume that the idea of a universal natural law and the idea of 'God' are pointing to one and the same reality.”
― Wilhelm Reich, Ether, God and devil : cosmic superimposition

“The real crisis of worship today is not that the preaching is paltry or that it’s too drafty in church. It is that people have no sense of the presence of God, and if they have no sense of His presence, how can they be moved to express the deepest feelings of their souls to honor, revere, worship, and glorify God?”
― R.C. Sproul, A Taste of Heaven: Worship in the Light of Eternity

“Why did I, like thousands of others, have to carry a cross I hadn't chosen, a cross which was not made for my shoulders and which didn't concern me? Who decided to come rummaging around in my obscure existence, invade my gray anonymity, my meager tranquility, and bowl me like a little ball in a great game of skittles? God? Well, in that case, if He exists, if He really exists, let Him hide His face. Let Him put His two hands on His head, and let Him bow down. It may be, as Peiper used to teach us, that many men are unworthy of Him, but now I know that He, too, is unworthy of most of us, and that if the creature is capable of producing horror, it's solely because his Creator has slipped him the recipe for it.”
― Philippe Claudel, Brodeck

“The glory of God is as destructive of evil as it is creative of good.”
― John G Lake

“Man was designed in a way in which he must eat in order to give him a solid reason to go to work everyday. This helps to keep him out of trouble. God is wise.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“If you can't illustrate 'it', 'it' doens't belong in Physics as a noun! You can't put an article in front. You can't put a verb after!”
― Bill Gaede, Why God Doesn't Exist

“God's holiness is not an unloving holiness, and God's love is not an unholy love. It is only by keeping these two primary moral qualities of the divine being closely related that we may rightly behold the character of God. (p. 98)”
― Thomas C. Oden, The Living God: Systemic Theology: Volume One

“It is ignorance or at least lack of consideration of heavenly things that make the temporal things of this world, whether good or evil, greater than they really are.”
― Tom Patton

“A mathematician is an individual who believes that prophesying that his dog will die if he deprives it of food constitutes a prediction.”
― Bill Gaede

“لم يكن الرب أكثر ما أخافني لكن اولئك الذين غالوا في الإيمان به. وكان الشيء الثاني الذي يرعبني غباء الورعين، الذي لا يمكن أبداً مقارنة حكمهم بحكم الرب - حاشا للرب- الذي يعبدونه من كل قلوبهم”
― Orhan Pamuk, أورهان باموق

“ولو ظل الإنسان ينكر كل ما لا يحسه لما خسر بذلك الأديان وحدها، بل خسر معها العلوم والمعارف وقيم الآداب والأخلاق.”
― عباس محمود العقاد, الله

“God himself culminates in the present moment, and will never be more divine in the lapse of all the ages. And we are enabled to apprehend at all what is sublime and noble only by the perpetual instilling and drenching of the reality which surrounds us. The universe constantly and obediently answers to our conceptions; whether we travel fast or slow, the track is laid for us.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“What if one were to want to hunt for these hidden presences? You can’t just rummage around like you’re at a yard sale. You have to listen. You have to pay attention. There are certain things you can’t look at directly. You need to trick them into revealing themselves. That’s what we’re doing with Walter, Jaz. We’re juxtaposing things, listening for echoes. It’s not some silly cybernetic dream of command and control, modeling the whole world so you can predict the outcome. It’s certainly not a theory of everything. I don’t have a theory of any kind. What I have is far more profound.’

‘What’s that?’

‘A sense of humor.’

Jaz looked at him, trying to find a clue in his gaunt face, in the clear gray eyes watching him with such - what? Amusement? Condescension? There was something about the man which brought on a sort of hermeneutic despair. He was a forest of signs.

‘We’re hunting for jokes.’ Bachman spoke slowly, as if to a child. ‘Parapraxes. Cosmic slips of the tongue. They’re the key to the locked door. They’ll help us discover it.’

‘Discover what?’

‘The face of God. What else would we be looking for?”
― Hari Kunzru, Gods Without Men

“Mr. Frimpong is the oldest person from church. That's when I knew why he sings louder than anybody else: it's because he's been waiting the longest for God to answer. He thinks God has forgotten him. I only knew it then. Then I loved him but it was too late to go back.”
― Stephen Kelman, Pigeon English

“Even at that time the hope of leaving behind messages in bottles on the flood of barbarism bursting on Europe was an amiable illusion: the desperate letters stuck in the mud of the spirit of rejuvenesence and were worked up by a band of Noble Human-Beings and other riff-raff into highly artistic but inexpensive wall-adornments. Only since then has progress in communications really got into its stride. Who, in the end, is to take it amiss if even the freest of free spirits no longer write for an imaginary posterity, more trusting, if possible, than even their contemporaries, but only for the dead God?”
― Theodor W. Adorno, Minima Moralia: Reflections on a Damaged Life

“Fear only one person that is God, listen to only one voice that is your conscience”.”
― Dr. Amit Abraham

“Justin Martyr explained the distinction and the sameness of the Father and the Son with the analogy of a candle. The flame can pass from one candle to another without changing in quality or diminishing the first.”
― Thomas F. Madden, From Jesus to Christianity: A History of the Early Church

“No human mind can fully grasp the gift of Christ’s atonement, the vastness and inclusiveness of the act—but in the end, it comes down to just you and Jesus. You’ve come, and He’s met you with open arms—and now it’s just between the two of you.”
― Toni Sorenson

“I wrestled through many sleepless nights after God became real to me. I can only describe this period of my life as 2 years of mental agony.”
― C.L. Cagan

“Prayer is our yearning for God, the cry of our poverty and misery, stretching out toward the throne of His divine mercy.”
― Emmanuel D'Alzon

“GOD is super intelligent - says GO & DO GOOD things, if not I may pick you as an ODD human & like a honest DOG knows what to do next!”
― Ningraj

“when god creat the world,first he must think abour architects”
― Ashok Sharma

“Suppose the hellfire of the orthodox really existed! We have no assurance that it does not! It seems incredible, but many incredible things are true. We do not know that God is not as cruel as a Spanish inquisitor. Suppose, then, He is! If, after Death, we wicked ones were shovelled into a furnace of fire- we should have to burn. There would be no redress. It would simply be the Divine Order of things. It is outrageous that we should be so helpless and so dependent on any one- even God.”
― W.N.P. Barbellion, The Journal of a Disappointed Man

“Many love humanity only in order to forget God with a clear conscience.”
― Nicolás Gómez Dávila

“What I learned in Rwanda was that God is not absent when great evil is unleashed. Whether that evil is man-made or helped along by darker forces, God is right there, saving those who respond to His urgings and trying to heal the rest.”
― James Riordan

“I love God, Jesus Christ, my three children, mother, father, brother, sisters, family in general, my pets, my students, and true friends.”
― Ana Monnar

“We must imagine our lives well. We must engage our conscience. Conscience is the voice of God in the nature and heart of man.”
― Laura Kasischke, The Life Before Her Eyes

“Who among us has not suddenly looked into his child's face, in the midst of the toils and troubles of everyday life, and at that moment "seen" that everything which is good, is loved and lovable, loved by God! Such certainties all mean, at bottom, one and the same thing: that the world is plumb and sound; that everything comes to its appointed goal; that in spite of all appearances, underlying all things is - peace, salvation, gloria; that nothing and no one is lost; that "God holds in his hand the beginning, middle, and end of all that is." Such nonrational, intuitive certainties of the divine base of all that is can be vouchsafed to our gaze even when it is turned toward the most insignificant-looking things, if only it is a gaze inspired by love. That, in the precise sense, is contemplation...

Out of this kind of contemplation of the created world arise in never-ending wealth all true poetry and all real art, for it is the nature of poetry and art to be paean and praise heard above all the wails of lamentation. No one who is not capable of such contemplation can grasp poetry in a poetic fashion, that is to say, in the only meaningful fashion. The indispensability, the vital function of the arts in man's life, consists above all in this: that through them contemplation of the created world is kept alive and active.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“Your heart of devotion and obedience is not in vain. Who knows but God how many people have come near to you and were forever changed simply by the fragrance of his love in you? Who knows but God if he will put you before kings and leaders to speak the truth, redirecting the future of nations? Who knows when that small crack in the dam of our enemy’s plans will give way and God’s glory will truly cover the earth as the sea? Do not become distracted or discouraged by the death around you. Death must always give way when the life of Christ enters the picture.”
― Amy Layne Litzelman, This Beloved Road: A Journey of Revelation and Worship

“Atheism is the opium of the mathematicians. Atheism is the religion of Mathematics.”
― Bill Gaede

“Whenever God thinks of you, he has your best interests in mind; he has plans to take you further, deeper, and higher than you ever dreamed. This process begins when you seek God and spend time with him. Look for every opportunity to know God. Consider your daily schedule. What does it include? A workout at the gym? A trip to the post office? A lunch hour? A commute? Look for ways to include God in your activities. Invite God to accompany you by talking together. Look for moments- even if it's only ten or twenty seconds- to steal away with him. God will reward your efforts as you reshape your inner life to be focused around him. As you seek God, you will find yourself abiding in him." -Hungry for God”
― Margaret Feinberg, Hungry for God: Hearing God's Voice in the Ordinary and the Everyday

“Milton's Eve! Milton's Eve! ... Milton tried to see the first woman; but Cary, he saw her not ... I would beg to remind him that the first men of the earth were Titans, and that Eve was their mother: from her sprang Saturn, Hyperion, Oceanus; she bore Prometheus" --

"Pagan that you are! what does that signify?"

"I say, there were giants on the earth in those days: giants that strove to scale heaven. The first woman's breast that heaved with life on this world yielded the daring which could contend with Omnipotence: the stregth which could bear a thousand years of bondage, -- the vitality which could feed that vulture death through uncounted ages, -- the unexhausted life and uncorrupted excellence, sisters to immortality, which after millenniums of crimes, struggles, and woes, could conceive and bring forth a Messiah. The first woman was heaven-born: vast was the heart whence gushed the well-spring of the blood of nations; and grand the undegenerate head where rested the consort-crown of creation. ...
I saw -- I now see -- a woman-Titan: her robe of blue air spreads to the outskirts of the heath, where yonder flock is grazing; a veil white as an avalanche sweeps from hear head to her feet, and arabesques of lighting flame on its borders. Under her breast I see her zone, purple like that horizon: through its blush shines the star of evening. Her steady eyes I cannot picture; they are clear -- they are deep as lakes -- they are lifted and full of worship -- they tremble with the softness of love and the lustre of prayer. Her forehead has the expanse of a cloud, and is paler than the early moon, risen long before dark gathers: she reclines her bosom on the ridge of Stilbro' Moor; her mighty hands are joined beneath it. So kneeling, face to face she speaks with God. That Eve is Jehova's daughter, as Adam was His son.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Shirley

“The sound of thunder awake me, and when I got up, my feet sank into muddy water up to my ankles. Mother took Buster and Helen to high ground to pray, but I stayed behind with Apache and Lupe. We barricaded the door with the rug and started bailing water out the window. Mother came back and begged us to go pray with her on the hilltop.
"To heck with praying!" I shouted. "Bail, dammit, bail!"
Mom look mortified. I could tell she thought I'd probably doomed us all with my blasphemy, and I was a little shocked at it myself, but with the water rising so fast, the situation was dire. We had lit the kerosene lamp, and we could see the walls of the dugout were beginning to sag inward. If Mom had pitched in and helped, there was a chance we might have been able to save the dugout - not a good chance, but a fighting chance. Apache and Lupe and I couldn't do it on our own, though, and when the ceiling started to cave, we grabbed Mom's walnut headboard and pulled it through the door just as the dugout collapsed in on itself, burying everything.
Afterward, I was pretty aggravated with Mom. She kept saying that the flood was God's will and we had to submit to it. But I didn't see things that way. Submitting seemed to me a lot like giving up. If God gave us the strength to bail - the gumption to try to save ourselves - isn't that what he wanted us to do?”
― Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses

“One of the most striking things about the New Testament teaching on homosexuality is that, right on the heels of the passages that condemn homosexual activity, there are, without exception, resounding affirmations of God's extravagant mercy and redemption. God condemns homosexual behavior and amazingly, profligately, at great cost to himself, lavishes his love on homosexual persons.”
― Wesley Hill, Washed and Waiting: Reflections on Christian Faithfulness and Homosexuality

“After Hiram Bingham built the first church on Oahu the student recalls, "When it was completed some of the natives said among themselves, 'That house of worship built by the haoles is a place in which they will pray us all to death. It is meant to kill us.”
― Sarah Vowell, Unfamiliar Fishes

“Surrounded by Your glory, what will my heart feel
Will I dance for you Jesus or in awe of you be still
Will I stand in your presence or to my knees will I fall
Will I sing hallelujah, will I be able to speak at all
I can only imagine
I can only imagine”
― MercyMe, I Can Only Imagine - The Songs of Mercyme

“Reason is incompetent to answer any fundamental question about God, or morality, or the meaning of life.”
― Carl Lotus Becker, The Heavenly City of the Eighteenth Century Philosophers

“To know myself as woman in the image of God to know God as Mother and to know my own mother as a window into God: these three are inseparable.If one is implausible to the heart the other two are as well.”
― Roberta Bondi

“All crosses had their tops cut and became T's. There was also a thing called God.”
― Aldous Huxley, Brave New World

“Washed and waiting. That is my life – my identity as one who is forgiven and spiritually cleansed and my struggle as one who perseveres with a frustrating thorn in the flesh, looking forward to what God has promised to do. That is what this book is all about.”
― Wesley Hill, Washed and Waiting: Reflections on Christian Faithfulness and Homosexuality

“If thou really believe in one God,
irrationality is subset of thou logic.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“I don't believe for a minute that the proof of God's existence is achieved. My faith prohibits me from believing that the proof of God's existence can ever be adduced. My God is not an object for verification, He is a subject for love. My faith is not knowledge, it is acceptance. It is a matter not of calculation but of trust.”
― Laurence Cossé, A Corner of the Veil

“The finger of the atheists' own divinity, Reason, wrote on the wall the appalling judgments that there is no God; that the universe is only matter in spontaneous motion; and, most grievous word of all, that what men call their souls die with the death of the body, as music dies when the strings are broken.”
― John Morley, Diderot and the Encyclopaedists

“[God] is a kind of perpetual critique of instrumental reason.”
― Terry Eagleton, Reason, Faith, and Revolution: Reflections on the God Debate

“First and foremost, God is the true hero of the story. No matter how captivating the other characters may be, our top priority is to discover what the Bible reveals about God.”
― Carolyn Custis James, The Gospel of Ruth: Loving God Enough to Break the Rules

“Here we must take account of one of St. Thomas's conceptual distinctions, which at first seems like unnecessary caviling. It is the distinction between "uncreated" and "created" happiness. We have here something which, while not at all obvious, is nevertheless fraught with consequences for our whole feeling about life. Namely, this: what does indeed make us happy is the infinite and uncreated richness of God; but participation in this, happiness itself, is entirely a "creatural" reality governed from within by our humanity; it is not something that descends overwhelmingly upon us from outside. That is, it is not only something that happens to us; we ourselves are intensely active participants in our own happiness.
Beatitude - Thomas is saying - cannot possibly be conceived as a merely objective condition of sheer existence. It is not a mere quality, not pure passivity, not simply a feeling. It is something that takes place in the alert core of the mind... Happiness is an act and an activity of the soul.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“The common element in all the special forms of contemplation is the loving, yearning, affirming bent toward that happiness which is the same as God Himself, and which is the aim and purpose of all that happens in the world.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“Gods are but greater demons," the Cishaurim said, "hungers across the surface of eternity, wanting only to taste the clarity of our souls. Can you not see this?”
― R. Scott Bakker, The White Luck Warrior

“I believe in a benevolent God not because He created the Grand Canyon or Michelangelo, but because He gave us snacks.”
― Paul Rudnick, I Shudder and Other Reactions to Life, Death, and New Jersey

“LIII.
What is the holiness of conversation?

It is
to master death.”
― Anne Carson

“In that moment, I understand the way that the noblest yearning for duty and sacrifice can be mixed up with all that is savage and shameful, like in the Bible, where a just and merciful God tells you to kill everyone, kill the children, kill the livestock, kill John Polling, leave nothing alive to sully this pure and just world. Except when it's all done you find out that wasn't really God after all, just some politician, or maybe it was God, but he taps you on the shoulder and says, 'No, dude, that isn't what I meant,' and leaves you sitting in a Dairy Queen in Bothell with blood on your hands and no further orders...”
― Stuart Archer Cohen, The Army of the Republic

“Ieder beest bidt op zijn manier.”
― Tom Lanoye, Het goddelijke monster

“Is there any reward?
I'm beginning to doubt it.
I am broken and bored,
Is there any reward
Reassure me, Good Lord,
And inform me about it.
Is there any reward?
I'm beginning to doubt it.”
― Hilarie Belloc

“In the desert, the only god is a well.”
― Vera Nazarian, Dreams of the Compass Rose

“Really, doesn´t everything make sense? There are, of course, things from which we more or less recover, although some of them are too harsh even for saints. But that is no reason to accuse God. Even if there are reasons to doubt him, the fact that he did not arrange the world like a well-ordered parlor is not one of them. It speaks rather in his favor. This used to be much better understood.”
― Ernst Jünger

“If there is no personal God,everything is permissablel, and if God exists,everthing is possible.”
― Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn

“The core of liberation theology is profoundly "theologal" - that is, rooted in the very nature of God. You see, there's an immediate relationship between God, oppression, liberation: God is in the poor who cry out. And God is the one who listens to the cry and liberates, so that the poor no longer need to cry out. ( Leonardo Boff, p. 166)”
― Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation

“Look there.” Regina pointed toward the northern sky. “Polaris.”
Viktor looked up. “The constant north star, one of man’s most dependable guides.”
“Polaris will be waiting for us there when we are old and have experienced a lifetime of joys and regrets,” Regina said, a wistful note in her voice. “That fact makes me feel like one of God’s most insignificant creatures.”
― Patricia Grasso, Seducing the Prince

“The yogi can relate to his Beloved in the form of a personal relationship-as a friend, a child, a spouse. He can cherish God in traditional religious performances–honoring saints, holy sites, and scriptures. He can hold God dear in the form of union—as his own Self, or in samadhi. All forms of God are equally suitable for love. (165)”
― Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras

“Relinquishing selfish wants, one is free to allow others to travel their own paths under the will of God. (18)”
― Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras

“Our crucifixes exhibit the pain, but they veil, perhaps necessarily, the obscenity: but the death of the God-Man was both.”
― Charles Williams

“I must not, like the quietists, reduce all religion to a denial of any specific action, despising all other means, since what makes perfection is God's order, and the means he ordains is best for the soul.”
― Jean-Pierre de Caussade, The Sacrament of the Present Moment

“... the divine knowing - what the Father knows, and what the Word says in response to that knowing, and what the Spirit broods upon under the speaking of the Word - all that eternal intellectual activity isn't just daydreaming. It's the cause of everything that is. God doesn't find out about creation; he knows it into being. His knowing has hair on it. It is an effective act. What he knows, is. What he thinks, by the very fact of his thinking, jumps from no-thing into thing. He never thought of anything that wasn't.”
― Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace

“...a deep and even paranoid suspicion continues to disparage higher criticism of the Bible, as if someone could publish a paper that would unravel God. (p. 151)”
― Robin R. Meyers, Saving Jesus from the Church: How to Stop Worshiping Christ and Start Following Jesus

“The cure for our modern maladies is dirt under the fingernails and the feel of thick grass between the toes. The cure for our listlessness is to be out within the invigorating wind. The cure for our uselessness is to take back up our stewardship; for it is not that there has been no work to be done, we simply have not been attending to it.”
― L.M. Browning, Ruminations at Twilight: Poetry Exploring the Sacred

“As science advances, there seems to be less and less for God to do. It's a big universe, of course, so He, She, or It, could be profitably employed in many places. But what has clearly been happening is that evolving before our eyes has been a God of the Gaps; that is, whatever it is we cannot explain lately is attributed to God. And then after a while, we explain it, and so that's no longer God's realm.”
― Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God

“...

... موسی رو به نیل کرد، خیره به همان نیل، انگار با نیل صحبت می کند، بدون آن که رو به مردم بر گرداند، مردم را مخاطب قرار داد. یا مردمان! در این باد جهل که می وزد، از شما می خواهم خدای تان را دشنام نگوئید، و بوسه بر پای نا خدایان نزنید. من شما را از این آب عبور می دهم، در حالی که دوست داشتم بدانید اگر شما جثه و اندامی چونان پرندگان از عشق داشتید، شاید چوبدست شما نیز معجزات همتی می شد بر روی این موج خروشان... وآنگاه موسی چوبدست اش را بلند کرد، رو به سوی آسمان... یا نیل، یا مادرم اینان پرنده نیستند که به نوک پنجه رقصشان از عرصه سینه تو بگذرند. بگذار اهل این خاک، از خاک بستر تو بگذرند. پس آغوش بگشا، تن دو تکه کن . در میان ظرافت دریای ات، زخمه ای جانکاه از جنس خاک زن، تا من و این مردمان جهل از دل تو بگذریم. می دانم ای عزیز، این خاطره، سالهای سال در جانت می ماند، اما بگذار بگذریم تا با مردمان به پیشواز سرزمین موعودی رویم و آنان ببینندآن دور دورها، سرزمینی است که اگر عشق رفتن به آن در دل نداشته باشند، شاید آ سرزمینی دریایی باشد که در گوشه صحرایی به چشم تشنه ای که ایمان به یافتن آب ندارد، هویت خود را از دست دهد و سرابی شود. سرابی رقصان از گرمای آتش گونه خورشید و خاک. پس تو نیز هویت خود را عوض کن تا مردمان من که اینک شان سراب است از دل تو بگذرند... و چنین شد که نیل شکافتو مردمان از آن گذشتند و موسی بعد از ایشان که نمی فهمیدند و نمی دیدند که بر چه پای می نهند، از تن مجروح مادر گذشت و در غربتی سخت، در حالی که می دانستمنت این تن مجروح بر تمام عمرش یله خواهد شد، پشت به نیلی کرد که برادر خوانده اش را در خود به خشم می بلعید، و موسی به خاطر آن مردمان که پرنده و دگر خواه و حاظر به هیچ گذشتی نبودند، نیل و گذشته اش را فدیه کرد. آری موسی گذشت.

... گذر گاه پیامبران همین است، اگر هزاران هزار نفر هم باشند، باز و باز تنهایی موسی را در کنار رود نیل باور کن و کودکانه گهواره اطمینانت را بر دستان نیلی ببخش، تا حداقل یک نفر باشد که در اعجازش خواب دریا را به خاک مردگان تبدیل نکند....آن مردمان سرزمین بندگی ، شاید اگر آنان اهل پنجه پریدن و پا زدن بر نیل بودند، امروز پرندگان پرواز از نمای نیل ها و کوه ها گذشته بودند و هزاران هزار سرزمین موعود برای فرزندان غربت و ظلم می ساختند. بماند، فقط و فقط تنهایی را برای خدا باور کنیم و ادامه دهیم که شاید از گهواره تک افتاده بر نیل موسایی دیگر بر خیزد.



گذر گاه پیامبران- شارمین میمندی نژاد”
― شارمین میمندی نژاد, Sharmin Meymandinejad

“I have taken all my good deeds and all my bad deeds, and cast them … in a heap before the Lord, and fled from both, and betaken myself to the Lord Jesus Christ, and in him I have sweet peace!”
― David Dickson

“Bí ann nó as
táimse ag triall Ort

agus má tá
cuirim geasa Ort
mé a shábháil
ón dream
a deir
gur fear fuar
sa spéir Thú.”
― Caitlín Maude, Dánta, Drámaíocht agus Prós

“For, what is order without common sense, but Bedlam’s front parlor? What is imagination without common sense, but the aspiration to out-dandy Beau Brummell with nothing but a bit of faded muslin and a limp cravat? What is Creation without common sense, but a scandalous thing without form or function, like a matron with half a dozen unattached daughters?

And God looked upon the Creation in all its delightful multiplicity, and saw that, all in all, it was quite Amiable.”
― Vera Nazarian, Northanger Abbey and Angels and Dragons

“All the Navel therefore and conjunctive part we can suppose in Adam, was his dependency on his Maker, and the connexion he must needs have unto heaven, who was the Sonne of God. For holding no dependence on any preceding efficient but God; in the act of his production there may be conceived some connexion, and Adam to have been in a moment all Navel with his Maker. And although from his carnality and corporal existence, the conjunction seemeth no nearer than of causality and effect; yet in his immortall and diviner part he seemed to hold a nearer coherence, and an umbilicality even with God himself. And so indeed although the propriety of this part be found but in some animals, and many species there are which have no Navell at all; yet is there one link and common connexion, one general ligament, and necessary obligation of all whatever unto God. Whereby although they act themselves at distance, and seem to be at loose; yet doe they hold a continuity with their Maker. Which catenation or conserving union when ever his pleasure shall divide, let goe, or separate, they shall fall from their existence, essence, and operations; in brief, they must retire unto their primitive nothing, and shrink into that Chaos again.”
― Thomas Browne, Pseudodoxia Epidemica: Or, Enquiries into Commonly Presumed Truths

“... It's the rare
God who needs less stroking that a rock
Star or poetician ...”
― Alice Fulton

“I can never feel that the Illusion of Life is a truth as long as any illusion reflects unreality; however, even an untruth is a truth in its turn.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“You have perhaps heard some false reports
On the subject of God. He is not dead; and he is not a fable. He is not mocked nor forgotten--
Successfully. God is a lion that comes in the night. God is a hawk gliding among the stars--
If all the stars and the earth, and the living flesh of the night that flows in between them, and whatever is beyond them
Were that one bird. He has a bloody beak and harsh talons, he pounces and tears--
And where is the German Reich? There also
Will be prodigious America and world-owning China. I say that all hopes and empires will die like yours;
Mankind will die, there will be no more fools; wisdom will die; the very stars will die;
One fierce life lasts.”
― Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry

“Between world and animal are fewer questions than between man and world. How many such questions are there in God's Word?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Who prays at help in the Illusion of his Life does not understand that his only aid is death”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Are we the wreck or the ship of God's Word?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“The world of an animal is reduced to its perimeter. Human world is reduced to its perimeter, but does the world of God have perimeters? If it does then it is not infinite, but if it doesn’t, it means that this is not a world.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection

“Why not? Why not anything? If God ain’t a God of why nots, than I say ‘Why bother,’ and I don’t think that’s takin his name in vain, I think it’s tellin the truth about what people need.”
― Todd Johnson, The Sweet By and By

“To talk about God, except in the context of prayer, is to take His name in vain.
One may, indeed, talk to a child about God, but this is on a par with telling him that he was brought to his mother by a stork.”
― Ferdinand Ebner

“What distances can be explored without God?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Nay, in many cases open denials of prayer prove the most excellent answers, and God's not hearing us is the most signal audience. Therefore at the foot of every prayer subscribe "thy will be done," and thou shalt enjoy preventing mercies that thou never soughtest, and converting mercies to change all for the best, resting confident in this, that having asked according to his will he heareth thee.”
― Samuel Lee, The Bible and the Closet or How We May Read the Scriptures with the Most Spiritual Profit: And Secret Prayer Successfully Managed

“There are no names that do not desire fame because we come from God.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“the best existential analysis of the human condition leads directly into the problems of God and faith”
― Ernest Becker, The Denial of Death

“What do you believe in?’ asked David.
‘I believe in those whom I love and trust. All else is foolishness. This god is as empty as his church. His followers choose to attribute all of their good fortune to him, but when he ignores their pleas or leaves them to suffer, they say only that he is beyond their understanding and abandon themselves to his will. What kind of god is that?”
― John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things

“We see that in the organic world, to the same degree that reflection gets darker and weaker, grace grows ever more radiant and dominant. But just as two lines intersect on one side of a point, and after passing through infinity, suddenly come together again on the other side; or the image in a concave mirror suddenly reappears before us after drawing away into the infinite distance, so too, does grace return once perception, as it were, has traversed the infinite--such that it simultaneously appears the purest in human bodily structures that are either devoid of consciousness or which possess an infinite consciousness, such as in the jointed manikin or the god.”
― Heinrich von Kleist, Selected Prose

“I went to interview some of these early Jewish colonial zealots—written off in those days as mere 'fringe' elements—and found that they called themselves Gush Emunim or—it sounded just as bad in English—'The Bloc of the Faithful.' Why not just say 'Party of God' and have done with it? At least they didn't have the nerve to say that they stole other people's land because their own home in Poland or Belarus had been taken from them. They said they took the land because god had given it to them from time immemorial. In the noisome town of Hebron, where all of life is focused on a supposedly sacred boneyard in a dank local cave, one of the world's less pretty sights is that of supposed yeshivah students toting submachine guns and humbling the Arab inhabitants. When I asked one of these charmers where he got his legal authority to be a squatter, he flung his hand, index finger outstretched, toward the sky.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“If I had my way, I would declare a moratorium on public preaching of 'the plan of salvation' in America for one to two years. Then I would call on everyone who has use of the airwaves and the pulpits to preach the holiness of God, the righteousness of God, and the Law of God until sinners would cry out, 'What must we do to be saved?" Then I would take them off in a corner and whisper the gospel to them. Don't use John 3:16. Such drastic action is needed because we have a gospel hardened generation of sinners by telling them how to be saved before they have any understanding why they need to be saved.”
― Paris Reidhead

“No man [...] can be so stupid to deny that all men naturally were born free, being the image and resemblance of God himself.”
― John Milton, The Tenure of Kings and Magistrates

“For this will cure him that is sick, and rouse him that is in dumps; one that has loved, it will remember of it; one that has not, it will instruct. For there was never any yet that wholly could escape love, and never shall there be any, never so long as beauty shall be, never so long as eyes can see. But help me that God to write the passions of others; and while I write, keep me in my own right wits.”
― Longus (Longos), Daphnis and Chloe : The Love Romances of Parthenius and other fragments

“(Wallace) Stevens turns to the idea of the weather precisely as the religious man turns to the idea of God.”
― Harold Bloom, Wallace Stevens: The Poems of Our Climate

“Thine are these orbs of light and shade;
Thou madest Life in man and brute;
Thou madest Death; and lo, thy foot
Is on the skull which thou hast made.”
― Alfred Lord Tennyson, In Memoriam, Maud and Other Poems

“Xas sighed. "But I don't want to talk about God. Why do I? Sometimes I feel God is all over me like a pollen and I go about pollinating things with God."
Sobran opened his eyes and Xas smiled at him. Soban said, "I did think that you talked about God to persuade me you weren't evil. But I've decided that, for you, everything is somehow to the glory of God, whether you like it or not."
"I feel that, yes. My imagination was first formed in God's glory. But I think God didn't make the world, so I think my feelings are mistaken."
This was the heresy for which Xas was thrown out of Heaven. Sobran was happy it had finally appeared. It was like a clearing. Sobran could almost see this clearing - a silent, sunny, green space into which not a thing was falling, not even the call of a cuckoo. Xas thought the world was like this, an empty clearing into which God had wandered.”
― Elizabeth Knox, The Vintner's Luck

“Some men may be unready
for the coming of the genie
who grants three wishes.”
― Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“Men didn't have any idea about regret
before God felt so once after created us.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“In vain a zealous evangelist with a fely hat and flowing tie threads his way through the crowd, crying without cease: 'God is great and good. Come unto Him.' On the contrary, they all make haste toward some trivial objective that seems of more immediate interest than God.”
― Albert Camus, The Plague

“Only God would adore his own death.”
― Floriano Martins

“As Moses threw whatever in his hand on the ground,
so does hand should do what it can to earn miracles.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“For it is not we who call God by these names. We do not invent them. On the contrary, if it depended on us, we would be silent about him, try to forget him, and disown all his names. We take no delight in the knowledge of his ways. We tend continually to oppose his names: his independence, sovereignty, righteousness, and love, and resist him in all his perfections. But it is God himself who reveals all his perfections and puts his names on our lips. It is he who gives himself these names and who, despite our opposition, maintains them. It is of little use to us to deny his righteousness: every day he demonstrates this quality in history. And so it is with all his attributes. He brings them out despite us. The final goal of all his ways is that his name will shine out in all his works and be written on everyone’s forehead (Rev. 22:4). For that reason we have no choice but to name him with the many names his revelation furnishes us.”
― Herman Bavinck

“God's image…is found not best in individual humans, but in humans as they relate to each other.”
― Luke Timothy Johnson, The Creed: What Christians Believe and Why it Matters

“A solemn day. Barring a stay by Sup Ct, & with my final nod, Utah will use most extreme power & execute a killer. Mourn his victims. Justice.

[...] I just gave the go ahead to Corrections Director to proceed with Gardner's execution. May God grant him the mercy he denied his victims.

[...] We will be streaming live my press conference as soon as I'm told Gardner is dead. Watch it at www.attorneygeneral.Utah.gov/live.html.”
― Mark L. Shurtleff

“Ninguna cosa es más propia a Dios que el amor, ni al amor hay cosa más natural que volver al que ama en las condiciones e ingenio del que es amado.”
― Fray Luis de León

“Whoever won the wars in heavens,
He is The God of men today.”
― Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident], Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“I know there is only one
Governor
Of
Deities.”
― Toba Beta

“Der Papst ist der einzige Konzern-Vize, der seinen Chef nie zu sehen bekommt. Nicht einmal bei der Weihnachtsfeier.”
― Oliver Hassencamp

“God, who might have directed the assassin's dagger so as to end your career in a moment, has given you this quarter of an hour for repentance. Reflect, then, wretched man, and repent.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“But humans disappoint. Adam, in tasting the fruit, indicates that he prefers Eve to God, so God banishes them.


”
― Bruce Feiler, Abraham: A Journey to the Heart of Three Faiths

“Go where thou wilt, thou canst not go out of thy Father's ground.”
― Thomas Boston

“(Life) it was a little bit nearer than God, but no less powerful and terrible. Yes, it was something, perhaps, that one did not wish to understand because one feared it, something to which one paid tribute lest it should feel offended and seize one, body and soul.”
― Arthur Holitscher

“...torna-se difícil acreditar Nele quando o céu e a terra podem chegar a se explicar por si mesmos.”
― Rafael Ábalos

“It is symptomatic of the constricting specialism and the oppressive burden of fact of our time that it has been left to the imagination of a novelist, Marguerite Yourcenar, to create the broadest, the most balanced and in many ways the most authentic interpretation of the affair.”
― Royston Lambert

“i wasted all of my
outrage on my fucking religion.
it should have been wasted on god-
cut out the middle man.”
― J.A. Carter-Winward, No Apologies

“Long since, through the gods of Asgard, and later through the notion of the Absolute, He had taught me how a thing can be revered not for what it can do to us but for what it is in itself. That is why, though it was a terror, it was no surprise to learn that God is to be obeyed because of what He is in Himself. If you ask why we should obey God, in the last resort the answer is, 'I am.' To know God is to know that our obedience is due to Him. In His nature His sovereignty 'de jure' is revealed.”
― C.S. Lewis, Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life

“When you share your problems with man, you get man-sized solutions. When you share your problems with God, you get God-sized solutions.”
― Rejoice Denhere, Fearless

“Atheism is so senseless. When I look at the solar system, I see the earth at the right distance from the sun to receive the proper amounts of heat and light. This did not happen by chance.”
― Sir Isaac Newton

“Life was never meant to be a race, rather a journey—to be enjoyed with God, and shared with those we love. These are the things that make life meaningful, leaving us satisfied, rather than wanting.”
― Leila Grandemange, Pawz & Pray: Finding Joy in the Journey with God, Family, and Furry Friends! 130 Inspiring Stories and Devotions for Dog Lovers

“Charity by principle that God will bless you in return is to give with a heart of greed rather than with a heart of love.”
― Criss Jami

“Not a single one of us in unimportant or unworthy, for it really has little or nothing to do with us but everything to do with a love that will not let us go.”
― Jeff Blake, Traveling on Grace Street

“You can’t believe in people the way you believe in God ; Because if you did you are Inevitably perished.
People are just people
And God is God .”
― Lara Zubaidia

“We give thanks to God for the priceless gift of grace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“waking up"
in a dream, your mother's garden flourishes
and she smiles and never knows the taste of rot

in a dream, you take god off the shelf, shake the dirt from his shoulders
he's smaller than he once was. you no longer tremble.

in a dream, kindness dances off your tongue
genuine, golden, graceful
your silicone heart beating a song from your sister's piano
you see the world through rosewater eyes

in a dream, the greenest shoot sprouts from the ash
how wonderful it is
that some things still believe in resurrection
that some things refuse to be destroyed.”
― E. P.

“By a show of hands," Kirsch continued, "how many of you believe in any of the following ancient gods: Apollo? Zeus? Vulcan?" He paused, and then laughed. "Not a single one of you? Okay, so it appears we are all atheists with respect to those gods." He paused. "I simply choose to go one god further.”
― Dan Brown, Origin

“A mountain is not nearly as much a wonder as a mosquito.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The impossible is not the place where we ran out of possibilities. Rather, it’s the place where we ran out of faith.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I came to the end of myself fighting to birth the beginning of a dream. But what really brought me to the end of myself was that I was foolish enough to fight for a dream without including the God that had given it to me.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“If you don't know what to do with your life, you should start right where you're at... right now. Get involved in a local church. Start praying for people around you. Begin reading Scriptures and ask God to show you His purpose for your life. It may seem like a large task to begin, but just look at life as picking up one piece after another until you start to see something brand new.”
― Sunshine Rodgers, God The Father Jesus The Big Brother Holy Spirit The Best Friend

“When God opens doors for you, no one can close those, because He is a great God.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Little science takes you away from God but more of it takes you to Him.”
― Louis Pasteur

“Sometimes, God will allow you to lose battles. So you can learn to lean on Him, and not on your own strength. For He knows, in Him you are always a winner; despite what is happening around you.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“We may be part of the universe, but we ain't no god.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Șor: Când o să beau, o să mă spăl înăuntru. Dumnezeu se uită la inima omului, aceea să fie spălată; de mâini puțin îi pasă.”
― Ronetti Roman, Manasse

“Now the liberals hate to admit this and won't, but something like what happened in America's Southern states between the late 1960s and late 1970s cannot be explained by an factor other than the miraculous curing powers of a loving God. Many reasons and theories may be expounded but as the old saying goes, "the truth shall set ye free".”
― Steve Travers, CALIFORNIA LIBERALISM IS EXAMPLE OF AMERICAN SPORT’S POLITICAL EFFECT

“Let us be dissatisfied until that day when nobody will shout "White Power!" — when nobody will shout "Black Power!" — but everybody will talk about God's power and human power.”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“God cares not what clothes we wear, for they can neither show nor hide who we really are.”
― Sue Stephenson, The Secret Jesus: A Modern Novel

“Evil exists... Doesn’t mean God doesn’t”
― K. Weikel

“Moterys, kurios užkasa savo vaikus, kartu palaidoja ir Dievą.”
― Giedra Radvilavičiūtė, Šiąnakt aš miegosiu prie sienos

“I make messes. God makes masterpieces. And the difference is found in surrendering what I think I know to the God who knows without having to think.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“According to the Bible, the believer's relationship with God is not instigated through self-realization, but rather through faith in Jesus' sacrificial death and resurrection from the dead...”
― Armin Weidle, Bowing to Yoga?

“The Bible, however, says there are no other gods besides the one true God, who created heaven and earth and everything in it, and it is for this very reason that the pantheistic worldview that everything is divine, which is held by most yoga propagators, cannot be justified on biblical grounds.”
― Armin Weidle, Bowing to Yoga?

“He is a personal God who wants to relate with human beings, not just a force or an underlying principle or reality. Therefore the concept of the divine as it is often found within yoga is very unlike the God of the Bible.”
― Armin Weidle, Bowing to Yoga?

“I couldn't help but humbly smile when every elderly local we spoke to when walking downtown or eating at Karen's diner—yes, it was still in business—each fondly remembered the league and the tournament that they still held dear in their hearts. These were memories and stories that were passed on to their own families. Each conversation they would constantly rave about three things that they and even former locals proudly took claim to, like their own badge of honor. They'd say during the league's heyday that they "lived in God's country." That they "lived in the times of pure baseball." That they "lived in the times of the Dalton boys.”
― Michael Dault, The Sons of Summer

“From the human body the life-power separates, comes up, accumulates and transforms into mental plane with pure faculty of seeing God’s light in him as well as in the outer world. This transformation goes on till it turns into Bliss. It is emanation and manifestation of God with attributes in the body – Saguna Brahma.”
― Sri jibankrishna or Diamond

“It’s all nonsense of course. You can find God in a thunderstorm, or in the smile of a child, or in the wilderness (I believe that Jesus himself tried that at one stage), or in a rain forest, or a puppy, or in a legend, or by just lying under the stars, or in a daydream, or in your lover’s eyes, or in music, or by believing in magic, or in a conversation with a bag lady, or by loving a Gypsy girl, or by stumbling upon a white buffalo, or by dancing around your bones on the edge of extinction.”
― Karl Wiggins, Wrong Planet - Searching for your Tribe

“He’d never shaken angry fists at the Savior his mother had taught him to respect. But God had never hurt him before. Not like this.”
― Willowy Whisper, Angel Gate

“Sovereign LORD is the source of all supply.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Our sole duty is to wrestle in prayer! God's will is to perform according to His perfect plan.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“By prayer we wrestle with God. God's power is to perform.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“One would have to lose one's wits to believe in a God, and to become a complete imbecile to adore Him.”
― Marquis de Sade, The 120 Days of Sodom

“Just when our understanding of God finally appears to have fallen comfortably into our childlike formulas, God lets us know that He’s not two things; a child or a formula.”
― Craig D Lounsbrough

“Could it be that it’s not a belief in God that’s absurd, but rather it’s our perpetually limited understanding of God that’s really the thing that’s absurd.”
― Craig D Lounsbrough

“Laughter produces in the air
a vibration more closely related
to the vibration of God's voice
when He commanded the
universe to come into being
than any other sound.”
― Chris Ernest Nelson

“God holds the copyright, as the sole author of life.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Dear God,
Guide my life today and every day. Wrap your hands around my heart, and allow me to live and speak with only kindness and love on my breath. In Jesus name. Amen.”
― Ron Baratono

“Life is not only the dance and the dancer but also the song.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“...For much of my life I loved books more than God, never discovering for a long, long time that a God who spoke the world into existence with words is, in fact, the source of meaning of all words. My journey toward that discovery is the story of this book. I thought my love of books was taking me away from God, but as it turns out, books were the backwoods path to God, bramble-filled and broken, yes, but full of truth and wonder.”
― karen swallow prior, Booked: Literature in the Soul of Me

“I am the problem myself,
I am the solution as well.

I am the defeated myself,
I am the conqueror as well.

I am the atheist myself,
I am the believer as well.

I am the life myself,
I am the death as well.

I am the God myself,
I am the devil as well.”
― Rabb Jyot, The Freedom of Being Human

“The greatest treasure is reverence of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The best gift God gave is family.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“But my sin was this, that I looked for pleasure, beauty, and truth not in Him but in myself and His other creatures, and the search led me instead to pain, confusion, and error.”
― Aurelius Augustinus, Confessions

“Redemption is the work of the righteous God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The just God is fair Judge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The Lawgiver is LORD God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Where there seems to be no way, God will show you the way. Do not walk away from Him.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Loving a desiring God is a fuller picture of a God who also yearns for our happiness, our joy, and yes, even our pleasure.”
― Mihee Kim-Kort, Outside the Lines: How Embracing Queerness Will Transform Your Faith

“Maybe the aliens have taken Him, too.”
― Laura Pohl, The Last 8

“Today's religions where once books for education, It's just that people eventually forgot to get the knowledge from the books and started to pray it”
― Dido Stargaze

“People got creative, creativity became stories, stories became books, Books became religions, characters became Gods, Religions became differences, differences limited the creativity in people.”
― Dido Stargaze

“Atheism has always been understood wrongly as much as they understood God itself”
― Dido Stargaze

“Nothing can explain God and Gravity”
― Dido Stargaze

“Gravity is the God and the Sun is the Son of God as our ancestors tried to teach us, they where scientists with unstoppable creativity”
― Dido Stargaze

“Parents impart such invaluable ingredients as genetic code, Sanskaar, and Education … whereas The Almighty God just hands out to us destiny … So life is just about bettering or be battered by Destiny!!”
― Sandeep Sahajpal, The Twelfth Preamble: To all the authors to be!

“The God of the philosophers disappeared behind the world, because he was described in the third person, and not addressed in the second.”
― Roger Scruton, The Soul of the World

“Meanwhile the clouds are white and the sky is all blue. Why so much God. Why not a little for men.”
― Clarice Lispector

“The righteous God is always right.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God is gracious.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God give you life, be grateful.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“She might've had the skill to get them out of the Hold, but God knew how she'd fare across the desert of Altadas. And God wasn't telling.”
― Dean F. Wilson, Hopebreaker

“God will meet you where you are...in order to take you where He wants you to go, you must follow Him.”
― Positively Sherry

“From this vantage point, Jacob noticed the distinctive emblem of the Resistance on a patch sewn onto the right shoulder of Rommond’s uniform. It showed a white equilateral triangle with two lines horizontally through it, all upon a royal blue field. What it meant was the subject of some discussion, but some thought it represented an uprising that pierced the ceiling of Hell and the floor of Heaven, as if to say they would resist not only the Devil, but God too.”
― Dean F. Wilson, Hopebreaker

“It’s not about whether God exists or not. It’s not like that. To believe, or not to believe, that is the question.”
― Olga Tokarczuk, Primeval and Other Times

“Come back to me. The world is terrible and it can kill you. Look at the earthquakes, the volcanic eruptions, the fires and the floods,” He thundered from the rain clouds.

“Oh, come on, I’ll manage,” man replied, and was gone.”
― Olga Tokarczuk, Primeval and Other Times

“When God is enough for you, the doors of heaven open wide.”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“Question Everything until you find that common thread that unravels everything.”
― Vivian Amis, The Lotus - Realization of Oneness

“To love God with all you heart, all your mind and all your soul, you must surrender all that you have, all that you know and all that you are.”
― Vivian Amis

“There is only one path...and everyone is on it,”
― Vivian Amis

“Once he accepts the distraction as his present problem and lays that before the Enemy and makes it the main theme of his prayers and his endeavors, then, so far from doing good, you have done harm. Anything, even a sin, which has the total effect of moving him close up to the Enemy, makes against us in the long run.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters

“Who are the happiest people? Those who hear the word of God and obey. They are happy to bend the knee, happy to turn it over to God because they know, it’s that, or carry the weight of the world.”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“Most hidden, yet most present.”
― St. Augustine of Hippo, The Confessions Of St.Augustine

“One night I went to sleep feeling very discouraged. When I woke up the next morning, the Lord led me to step outside for a talk with Him. I looked out at the sunrise, heard the chirping sound of the birds, and the wind blowing in the trees. Then God spoke to my heart, “Has the earth stopped?” I said, “No.” “Has the sun stopped shining?” I replied, “No.” Then the Lord said to me, “So it is with life. Life goes on. The world doesn’t come to an end, My daughter, just because someone disagrees with you. The world doesn’t come to an end just because someone abandons you or chooses to no longer support you. The world doesn’t stop just because you made a mistake. Life goes on.”
― Kesha Trippett, Daughters of the King Daily Devotionals: Volume 2

“And just like the madness of a man who, not knowing how to sail, might take to the sea with no one to pilot him, is the madness of a creature
who enters upon religious life without God's will to guide her.”
― Jacques-Bénigne Bossuet

“In the beginning was a moment in time, and the moment was with God, and the Moment was 'God Moment!”
― Khalid Masood

“The proper study of God is the nature of time.”
― Khalid Masood

“God was never closer to him, never more real, than when Stephen spoke of God, or when he remembered Stephen speaking of God.”
― William Edmund Barrett, A Woman in the House

“He could hear Fr. Stephen’s voice. “Do not ask God to do for you what you can do for yourself.”
― William Edmund Barrett, A Woman in the House

“God doesn't hate you for what you've done wrong, He loves you for what you're trying to do right.”
― Josh Steimle

“Only God was able to create a free creature, and freedom could only arise by the act of creation.”
― Alija Izetbegovic, Islam between East and West

“Aren’t you strong enough to walk alone? We must each of us find God by ourselves.”
― André Gide, Strait is the Gate

“As we remember the Personal God, chant his name, clean his temples, or read tales of his play on earth...we start liking God. The expressive mind experiences the feeling of affection towards our preferred form of God. When this bond of love is purified by the addition of selflessness (nishkama mode) to it, love becomes true love or bhakti.”
― Mukul Shri Goel, Devotional Hinduism: Spiritually Connecting to God

“As we love God, wish to see him, develop a sense of belonging, and work for him, faith blossoms to produce refuge in him. Refuge is about leaving everything to God.”
― Mukul Shri Goel, Devotional Hinduism: Spiritually Connecting to God

“Being an atheist has its own benefits you can explore all the forms of God's without any reason to worship it”
― Dido Stargaze

“If Egyptian pyramids where in India they would be Temples and mummies would be prayed as God's”
― Dido Stargaze

“An atheist would not stand against any religion or worships but he rather helps you understand the science behind it”
― Dido Stargaze

“Humans are capable of great discoveries and inventions and then give the credits to a God they barely discovered”
― Dido Stargaze

“I prayed to trees. This was easier than praying directly to God. There was nearly always a tree nearby.”
― Sharon Creech, Walk Two Moons

“In a world without magic, there’s only action and chaos. Perhaps there’s some pattern so vast we can’t see it, like a giant universal machine we are all a part of, but actions are its fuel, actions steer it. God may exist. Angels might be real. Energies beyond the physical may take part in the actions of men, but nothing preordains to such a degree that we cannot determine our futures through the actions we do or don’t take.”
― Garten Gevedon, Dorothy in the Land of Monsters

“How in the world are we supposed to engage life when we spend all of our life building walls to protect ourselves from the very thing that we say we want to engage? The answer is, I think, understanding that God doesn’t need walls but we need Him.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“It is strange that God, who is beyond the limits of time, manifests Himself within time and its transformations. If you don’t know “where” God is – and people sometimes ask such questions – you have to look at everything that changes and moves, that doesn’t fit into a shape, that fluctuates and disappears: the surface of the sea, the dances of the sun’s corona, earthquakes, the continental drift, snows melting and glaciers moving, rivers flowing to the sea, seeds germinating, the wind that sculpts mountains, a foetus developing in its mother’s belly, wrinkles near the eyes, a body decaying in the grave, wines maturing, or mushrooms growing after a rain.

God is present in every process. God is vibrating in every transformation. Now He is there, now there is less of Him, but sometimes He is not there at all, because God manifests Himself even in the fact that He is not there.

People – who themselves are in fact a process – are afraid of whatever is impermanent and always changing, which is why they have invented something that doesn’t exist – invariability, and recognised that whatever is eternal and unchanging is perfect. So they have ascribed invariability to God, and that was how they lost the ability to understand Him.”
― Olga Tokarczuk, Primeval and Other Times

“God has a special way of making dreams come true. Believe, go for it and watch your dream become a reality.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“I firmly believe God is still in the business of miracles.”
― Christy Martenson, Halstad House

“...a sinful lifestyle can blind you from seeing who you really are - a child of God.”
― Tyeesha Holt, Nothing Gay About Being Gay

“We cannot create hope where there is hopelessness or love where there is lovelessness. We cannot create repentance where there is unrepentance, but we can cry out to the God who can.”
― Jen Wilkin

“Faith is firm believe in a faithful God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Tell God all your troubles.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Trust in God at all times, even in times of troubles.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Faith in God is a firm fortress.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The Sovereign LORD is a Supreme Being.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You're my reason in life. You're my grace of God.”
― ApolloM

“God can multiply your blessings. You just need to trust in Him.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“It doesn’t take much to become thrown. All it takes is to put the world before God. Over and over, we fall from grace, and over and over we are redeemed ‘as’ we pray.”
― Edward Weiss, The Silver Meditation: Connect With God In a Simple Way That Works

“If God is benevolent and almighty, why should there be so much suffering in the world? Luria's answer was that the forces that cause suffering and evil in the world are remnants of the universe before ours- a primal cosmos of unbalanced forces- and the mission of human beings, and Jews in particular, is to redeem the powers of evil through religious observance and Cabalistic disciplines.”
― John Michael Greer, The Occult Book: A Chronological Journey from Alchemy to Wicca

“God invents musical theatre. Satan voluntarily opts for Hell.”
― Brian Andreas, Theories of Everything

“Me? I want to move with my not-safe-but-good God.”
― Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible's View of Women

“The love of God illuminated the path of life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To love God and to love neighbour are the greatest grace for all other good deeds.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“It has nothing to do with what the mountain in front of us is. Rather, it has everything to do with what God is going to do to it.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“To believe in God is the brevity of life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“About God, how could he give up his secrets and still be God?”
― Mary Oliver, Blue Horses

“What is hard for you is not what is hard for God. What is hard for God...is to find men and women that He can trust...with His secrets of the future.”
― Dr Paul Gitwaza

“It is the effects on the world of successful active germ-line replicators that we see as adaptations.”
― Richard Dawkins, The Extended Phenotype: The Long Reach of the Gene

“Shah Jahan who proved
an emperor to be shorter than a lover,
who turned a grave into a temple
who gave his beloved a place of God
and converted love into a prayer.”
― Suman Pokhrel

“God has created for us this green heaven, called the Earth. God has created the Earth as our playground, where through rights and wrongs, virtues and sins, rightful actions and mistakes, we can learn and evolve to rediscover our true nature of godliness.”
― Banani Ray

“The unseen God sees every secret deed.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God is the end. I look into the myriad multitudes of the stars that shine like radiant beams of florid hopefulness, pinholes into heaven itself, and see that as God is my origin and the meaning to each day and each moment, so God will be my ending. I do not need to describe it or explain it, and even if I did it cannot be so reduced. But I do believe it. It is my pulse. It is simply this: my life is an offering of praise to the wonderful God who made life possible.”
― Stephen Cottrell, Walking Backwards to Christmas

“Wearing things such as makeup and fake hair is some people’s subconscious way of showing God where they are adamant He made a mistake.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“God will always be God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“He is a God of all nations throughout seasons. There is no reason enough, to refute His existence.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“If I really believe that my timing is perfect, maybe the thing that’s perfect is my denial about my timing. And if that’s the case, maybe now is the perfect time to be honest about that.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The God who never fails, is able to do more than what humans can ever imagine.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“There is no problem too complicated for God to solve.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Be grateful to God, every new day!”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Every new morning, thank God for His new mercies.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Let thy holy pilgrimage be a prayer to thy God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God has better promises for us. It is up to us, to believe and receive them.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Be grateful to God , who sustains you every day of your life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You life is a gift from God. HE LOVES YOU.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Right now is time to return to God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Shall I believe in a man. Yet doubt my Maker? No this ought not to be so.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Faith is to believe God will fulfill His word.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Sometimes people see us for who we are not, but God sees us for who we really are.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Dear God, wherever we choose to stay, be with us. When we choose to leave, go with us. ~Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu”
― Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu

“Faith is full assurance of God's faithfulness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Pain believes itself to be the force that pushes everyone away. But God says that pain is the invitation that He could never throw away.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Our wealthy, Westernized classes are so obsessed with individualism, they’ve forgotten how to be themselves, let alone how to be individuals,” he said. “These Westernized Turks are too conceited to believe in God. Their individuality is all they care about. Most choose not to believe in God just to prove they’re not like everyone else, though they won’t even acknowledge that’s the reason why. But faith is precisely about being like everyone else. Religion is the haven and the consolation of the meek.”
― Orhan Pamuk, Kırmızı Saçlı Kadın

“What can man do without God? Where can man find life, if not from God? How can mankind survive, if not for God? Who is the source of wisdom if not God?”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Wisdom is from God, anything outside of that is intellect.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“After God has done wonders in your life, do not forget to worship Him.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“If you wish to return to God, pray for grace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To turn to God is to trust in His faithfulness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Even when you go through battles, God will lead you into victory.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Though we are faithless, our Heavenly Father remains faithful.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“When you do the will of God in your life, you will live life to the fullest.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“The greatest of all is to love God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To see your face is behold the face of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“When you open your heart to God, He will fill it with goodness.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God promises always prove true.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“When God favours you, no amount of failure can bring you down.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“But we live in a world that has lost its appreciation for small things. We live in a world that wants things bigger and bigger. We want to supersize our fries, sodas, and church buildings. But amid all the supersizing, many of us feel God doing something new, something small and subtle. This thing Jesus called the kingdom of God is emerging across the globe in the most unexpected places, a gentle whisper amid the chaos.”
― Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical

“If our effort to know God more clearly is not an effort to love him more dearly, it will be fatal.”
― John Piper, Does God Desire All to Be Saved?

“I felt so thirsty for God, so embarrassed by Christianity, and so ready for something more.”
― Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical

“If you have the gift of frustration and the deep sense that the world is a mess, thank God for that; not everyone has that gift of vision.”
― Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical

“Over and over, the dying and the lepers would whisper the mystical word namaste in my ear. We really don’t have a word like it in English (or even much of a Western conception of it). They explained to me that namaste means “I honor the Holy One who lives in you.” I knew I could see God in their eyes. Was it possible that I was becoming a Christian, that in my eyes they could catch a glimpse of the image of my Lover?”
― Shane Claiborne

“You guys are all into that born again thing, which is great. We do need to be born again, since Jesus said that to a guy named Nicodemus. But if you tell me I have to be born again to enter the kingdom of God, I can tell you that you have to sell everything you have and give it to the poor, because Jesus said that to one guy too…[And he paused in the awkward silence.] But I guess that’s why God invented highlighters, so we can highlight the parts we like and ignore the rest.”
― Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical

“God is not like people”
― Angel Moreira

“God is not a person who sits on the throne, God is the superpower of universe.”
― Kamaran Ihsan Salih, Latest Proverbs

“Happiness lies in knowing God, the Heavenly Father.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The gospel of God is the grace of salvation.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We are workmanship of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Silver and gold belongs to God, but He has given us the privilege to own it; because He is a God of Grace.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“When you are favoured by God, nothing will make you fail. Even when there is failure written all over, you will gracefully succeed.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Nature is the work of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“As I wait upon thee, Thou perfect thy work in me.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“He work in me to wait upon thee.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Faith is full assurance in God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I have full assurance in God, what He promises, He is able to bring to pass.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If I am unable to believe that I am more than happenstance, I have chosen to behave as a person of accident verses standing as a man of purpose.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Despite the illusions that I so readily embrace, whatever I hold can’t be held, for in time, time will steal it away. But time can’t hold God. Therefore, of all the things around me, my hands should be full of God and empty of everything else.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“God, God . . . He’s just a good accountant with an eye on the debit as well as the credit column. There has to be a balance. One life is wasted, another is born . . .”
― Olga Tokarczuk, Primeval and Other Times

“God can restore your life. Trust in Him.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God remains the same, regardless of the circumstances around you. Trust in Him. He is reliable all the time.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“When we make God the centre of our being, it helps us realize that we are not lesser beings.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Although we are made in the image of God, we cannot substitute who He is.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Without God, anything else is vanity.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“I don’t want to say that I believe in God. Rather, I want to live out my life like I believe in God because that takes the words that I choose not to say and it shouts them without ever saying them.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“If you are broke, don’t pursue money. Pursue God your prosperity. If you are faced with lack, don’t pursue material goods. Pursue God your provider. If you are sick, don’t pursue the 'cure'. Pursue God your healer.”
― Joseph Prince

“The problem with societal issues in general, is nobody really wants a solution because the answer to the problem involves introspection based, not by one's own subjective opinion, but by the objective moral truth from God.”
― Allene vanOirschot, Daddy's Little Girl

“For what is it to die but to stand naked in the wind and to melt into the sun?
And what is it to cease breathing, but to free the breath from its restless tides, that it may rise and expand and seek God unencumbered?

Only when you drink from the river of silence shall you indeed sing.
And when you have reached the mountain top, then you shall begin to climb.
And when the earth shall claim your limbs, then shall you truly dance.”
― kahlil Gibran, The Prophet

“God is great, because He created and predestined you for greatness.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God is a great God. Even when there are technological advances, nothing can ever replace Him nor His works. His greatness is beyond what a human mind can comprehend.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God is too great, even technology cannot replace His greatness.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God is great! He is the source of abundant love, peace and power.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God is great! In times of pain, He gives power. In times of sickness, He provides healing and after a loss, He is able to restore what was lost.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God is so great! He remains the same throughout seasons.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God does not have to prove Himself to anyone, but He still does anyway. Through Creation, God has proven over and over again, that He is so great.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Day in and out. Season in and out. In any city and any country. God remains a great Father!”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“The love of God is ever shining, everlasting and never failing. He is a great God after all.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“The greatness of God alone, is greater than the greatness of many great men combined.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“There is no one like God. He is the greatest. He is so good and so glorious.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“There is never a giant problem for a God so great.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“He has been God, yesterday. He is still God, today and He will remain God, tomorrow. He is the All-knowing and All-mighty King.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“In life, the greatness of God is often realized during the darkest hour of the night.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God is bigger than you think, and He can do better than you thought.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God is unlimited by the limitations of humankind.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God never stops doing wonders. He has done wonderful things, and He will keep on doing wonders.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“The battle is never fought alone even though we might feel alone in the fight, for with God the feeling of being alone never supersedes the fact of His presence.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Any refuge other than God is probably something that I should seek refuge from rather than seek refuge in.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“When you put God in charge of your life, no one can take you out of line.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“When God anoints you, people will see it. When He appoints you, others will know it and when He uplifts you, the world will hear it. Because He is able to do what is unheard of.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“When God anoints you, surely you will be appointed for massive accomplishments.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“I have seen a world within a world within a world but never a world ending without another world”
― Meeran W. Malik

“God will restore everything that was stolen from your storeroom of blessings. Get ready to receive in due time.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“When God blesses you, the Words you speak, will be blessed. The land you walk in will be blessed. Everything you do, will be abundantly blessed.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God is wonderful. He has done so many wonders through His work of art.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God has favoured His workmanship and made it so wonderful.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“The Lord dwells in the hearts of all. Who then is his devotee? He who dwells in Him with his whole soul, heart, and mind. Such a devotee not only sees God in his own heart and realizes his oneness with Him, but he sees the same Lord in the hearts of all, and serves God in all mankind, knowing His oneness with all. 'Love your neighbour as yourself,' because your neighbor is your self.”
― Prabhavananda, Narada's Way of Divine Love

“God is an excellent eternal King.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The glory of God is reveal through His righteous redemptive power .”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If I make something as small as myself, it will never be as great as I need it to be in order to help me quit being as small as I've chosen to be.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“There is only One Saviour, the LORD Jesus Christ, Holy Child of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God never goes on vacation. He never changes His decisions nor His location. He is still the same great God, regardless of human opinion.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God has been great and He has done great things in our lives.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“God is "teaching us something very meaningful" – whether of the unexpected powers of endurance of those affected or the hidden depths of compassion of those who respond.”
― Sophia Skaalerud

“God is the Comforter in all circumstances.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Whatever trials we may encounter, we can trust God to give us grace to triumph.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Speak to God about your situation.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Nys'ema, oh, he was beautiful as a god and innocent as a child.”
― Sylvie Danielle Matias, The Shadows of Auldham

“„The art of creation is about giving away a part of yourself, not taking pride in the process. Creation, once it leaves our hands, becomes independent in itself and you can no longer control it. You see, you cannot just free any source of power out there without giving it the ability to auto-control itself with a heart and a mind of its own”.”
― Sylvie Danielle Matias, The Shadows of Auldham

“The Kingdom of God is found within a man!”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The greatest need is God's grace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The grace of God restored a man to his glorious state.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Love is the force that holds the universe together. Literally. Without it, matter would instantaneously fall apart. We may replace the name Love with God at any time for God is Love.”
― Wald Wassermann

“[Bóg] jest gnozą, i daje wiedzę.
<...>
Dlatego jego towarzyszka zostaje mu wysłana, a on opuszcza swego ojca i swą matkę. Nasza siostra Sophia, jest tą, która zstąpiła w niewinności, aby naprawić swój błąd. Dlatego została nazwana „Życie” („Zoe”), to znaczy matka żyjących przez Pronoia absolutnej władzy niebios, przez Epinoię, która się objawiła jemu. Przez nią zakosztowali [Adam i Ewa] doskonałej gnozy (gnosis teleios). Bo jej [Sofii] partner nie przyszedł do niej (sam od siebie), ale przyszedł do niej przez Pełnię (pleroma), po to, aby móc naprawić jej brak.”
― Nag Hammadi, Evanglie gnostique de la vérité

“Man is helpless and exposed to numerous misfortunes. He is indigent, and his needs are numerous. He is weak, and the burden of life is most heavy. If he does not rely on the Omnipotent One of Glory, place his trust in Him and confidently submit to Him, his conscience will always be troubled. Fruitless torments, pains and regrets will suffocate him and intoxicate him, or turn him into a beast.”
― Master Nursi

“Man passes from the work to the producer of the work and he sees that an All-Beauteous Maker wants to make himself known and acquainted through the miracles of His own art, and he responds with knowledge and belief.”
― Master Nursi

“Kto zna Pełnię będąc pozbawionym siebie, cierpi z braku Pełni. Gdy pozwolicie powstać tamtemu, co jest w was, wtedy to, co macie, uratuje was. Jeślì nie istnieje tamto, co jest w was, wtedy to, czego nie macie w sobie, uśmierci was. Kto znalazł siebie samego, tego świat nie jest wart.”
― Nag Hammadi, Evanglie gnostique de la vérité

“The wildness of God is the sensuousness of God. Nature is the direct expression of the divine imagination. It is the most intimate reflection of God's sense of beauty.”
― John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom

“like god's stray eyelashes
the stars are falling—more light! more!
god has no time to make a wish
all he can do is cry out faster! faster!”
― Valzhyna Mort, Factory of Tears

“May God deliver us in the day of dark of evil moment.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The difficulty in believing in any creator of any kind is the question of suffering. God as the many epithets implies, is All-knowing, and All-powerful yet cannot stop the suffering of this world. That is the question most atheists ask of a seemingly benevolent being”
― N.K. Aning, The God Dilemma

“No other way is possible but agony, but suffering, says god, says Peter's god, says Peter.”
― Cliff James, Life As A Kite

“Look, see: the universe does nothing. Victim or monster, there is no one to help.  God is dead. We should have tried to do our best without him.”
― Cliff James, Life As A Kite

“Live your life by GOD’S PRINCIPLES, not someone’s opinion or commentary.”
― Brenda Diann Johnson

“Before you honor me, make much of the one who made me, for he is a writer without equal, not in that he doesn’t rewrite but crafts characters that write their own lives.”
― VKBoy, Shambala Sect

“Visit many books, but live in the Noble. -C. H. Spurgeon”
― C. H. Spurgeon

“The law is an amazing tool, but it has limits. Good people, on the other hand, don't have limits. The law is not in the business of forgiveness or redemption. The law cannot compel us to love each other or respect each other. It cannot cancel hate or conquer evil; teach grace or extinguish passions. The law cannot achieve these things, not by itself. It takes people -- brave and strong and extraordinary people.”
― Preet Bharara, Doing Justice: A Prosecutor's Thoughts on Crime, Punishment, and the Rule of Law

“We knew the promise had never been safety, or that bad things would not happen if we were good and virtuous. The promise is only that God is in it with us, no matter what it is.”
― Madeline L'Engle

“Who am I, who are we, to questions the works of our Lord? For we are but mere mortals, created by Him and for Him. What life we call ours does not belong to us. And it is grace that we be taken from this dark earth.”
― Grace A. Johnson, Prisoner at Heart

“Genius is creating something and constructing within it the ability to build on itself in order to become what it was created to be, and as a result of that very process, never find an end to the creating.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“They say that believing in God can be hard. But from where I’m standing, that’s nothing compared to having to believe in myself. Yet, the oddest thing of all is that God believes in me even if I don’t believe in either of us.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“In times of crisis, what we don’t need are nice ideas or colorful platitudes or the congenial pat-on-the-back. What we need is a God Who so perfectly transcends the thing that is attacking us that His presence alone obliterates all of the fear within us.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Islam isn't about ayats and hadiths and niches and lamps. Its about us. All of us. Allah’s too big and too open for my Islam to be small and closed”
― Eyad Zahra

“सत्य शिवसमान है| या मे कहू की सिर्फ शिव ही सत्य है”
― Gunjan Surendra Bugde

“It seems strange that visitors to Yosemite should be so little influenced by its novel grandeur, as if their eyes were bandanged and their ears stopped. Most of those I saw yesterday were looking down as if wholly unconscious of anything going on about them, while the sublime rocks were trembling with the tones of the mighty changing congregation of waters gathered from all the mountains round about, making music that might draw angels out of heaven ... God himself is preaching his sublimest water and stone sermons!”
― John Muir, My First Summer in the Sierra

“Godliness is a great gain.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The greatest thing is to love God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“. . . and God wept only
at dark windows, so that no one ever knew.”
― Jill Alexander Essbaum, Heaven

“The Christian is bound to perform many good works, but before all else what he ought to do is to pray, for without prayer no other good work whatever can be accomplished. Without prayer he cannot find the way to the Lord, he cannot understand the truth, he cannot crucify the flesh with its passions and lusts, his heart cannot be enlightened with the light of Christ, he cannot be savingly united to God. None of those things can be effected unless they are preceded by constant prayer.”
― R.M. French, The Way of a Pilgrim

“A calling is something you discover, not something you choose. The word vocation comes from the Latin word for voice. Discovering it involves very careful listening. People will sometimes speak about "choosing their calling," but a chosen calling is an oxymoron. The whole idea of a calling is taken from Scripture, where time after time God calls someone to do his work. The whole idea of calling is that there is a Call-er and a call-ee.”
― John Ortberg, If You Want to Walk on Water, You've Got to Get Out of the Boat

“Trust God to give you what you need when you need it. If you get it too early, you might misplace it.”
― Kristi Ann Hunter, An Elegant Façade

“Cleanliness is next to Godliness but Godliness is next to Loneliness..”
― Ankala Subbarao

“He threw Scholscher a challenging glance. The major was thinking of the motives that could drive a man like Haas to live alone for twenty-five years among the elephants of Lake Chad. It was again that spark of misanthropy which most people carry in them, a presentiment of some different and better company than their own kind, a spark that sometimes blazes up and takes astonishing, unpredictable and explosive forms. He thought also of the old Chinese who never move without their pet grasshoppers, of the Tunisians who take their caged birds to the cafe with them, and of Colonel Babcock who spent hours with his eyes fixed on a jumping bean, which kept him company. He was slightly astonished to hear that Haas believed in God — there seemed to be a contradiction there; it’s true, he thought, taking a pull at his pipe, that God hasn’t got a cold muzzle a man can touch when he feels lonely, that one can’t stroke Him behind the ears, that He doesn’t wag His tail at the sight of you every morning, and that you cannot catch sight of Him trotting over the hills with His ears flapping and His trunk in the air. One can’t even hold Him in one’s hand like a nice warm pipe, and since a spell on earth after all lasts fifty or sixty years, it’s perfectly understandable that people should end by buying themselves a pipe or a jumping bean.”
― Romain Gary, The Roots of Heaven

“God Will Not Abandon You
10) If you know the pain of being abandoned, it’s easy to believe that God may abandon you, too; He Won’t. It doesn’t matter how imperfect, sinful, obnoxious or undeserving you are, He will NOT leave you. Deuteronomy 31:8”
― Susan Grant, 100 Minutes with God: 1 Minute Daily Devotions of Timeless Inspirations

“Let your life be filled with the Fruit of His Spirit.
If you do, you are the most happiest man of God.”
― Jennifer Aquillo

“When I was a child in school, one of my teachers complained that we students always told about our achievements in the active mode (I've passed), while we always told about our failures in the passive mode (I've been failed). All of this in Spanish, of course, but it's true, that's how children speak in my country. So the good grades are due to the child's actions, while the failed grades seem to be the responsibility of the teacher.
What Lorenzo Scupoli is telling us [in his book "Spiritual Combat"] is just the opposite: whenever I do something right, it's not I who has done it, it's not my action, for God was acting through me. At most I can say that I allowed God to act through me.
On the other hand, when I do something wrong (sin) I myself am the only responsible, for I didn't allow God to take control.
Therefore I should trust only God and not me, for whenever I insist to take control, I do something wrong.”
― Manuel Alfonseca

“Trusting yourself is the opposite of trusting God. If you trust God totally (as you must) you must mistrust yourself. If you trust yourself, you are automatically mistrusting God.
Faith is not enough, you also need an act of will. The act of will you need is precisely deciding to trust God fully and mistrust yourself.
Modern psychology has lost its bearings when they insist that one must trust oneself. That position is un-Christian.”
― Manuel Alfonseca

“God is a miracle wonder worker.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“An idle brain is a devil's workshop but an idle mind can be a God's one.”
― Ankala Subbarao

“If human lives were immortal on earth, then everything would be so boring like the mythical Tithonus. But, human lives in the heaven will be endless and there will be no boredom. If God can make us feel bored in the world occasionally, He can surely make us feel unbored in the heaven also!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“One who knows their connection with divine Love can never feel the isolation of loneliness or the fear of being rejected or deserted. One cannot be apart from or turned away from a Love which knows no parting and is present and available under all circumstances.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Being Loving

“You are blessed when God gave you someone who has the same faith on you, someone who worship God with you even in the days of storm. But You are both more Blessed when you have Jesus, it means you have everything. He is more than enough and He is surely the source of everything.”
― Jennifer Aquillo

“Beginnings are fragile things. They're made of gossamer threads of hope and shimmer with the faint light of potential grace. It's in the human heart that we begin weaving our designs and dreams of experience yet to come. We live our entire lives within chrysalises. As soon as we emerge from one, life sculpts another around us. Within manifest reality, everything is in a constant state of becoming, even God.”
― Dana Hutton, The Art of Becoming: Creating Abiding Fulfillment in an Unfulfilled World

“True humility is agreeing with God about who you are.”
― Danielle Strickland

“Tuhan Maha Bijak Social Media Dibuat bukan untuk menghujat”
― Adhityaardian

“May you find comfort in all circumstances.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Ultimately what matters is the inward and invisible voices of our inner being. Because all-surpassing power lives within us.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“There are many idols but I would categorize them into three: heroes who are strong enough to lay themselves bare to the people and cowards who hide behind symbols and crafted figures. Then there is one who rules over them. They all love the same thing; praise and adoration. The question is, to whom does the glory belong to, really?”
― DON SANTO

“Faith is to believe and knowledge is accomplished through death.”
― Steven Magee

“God is not DON SANTO.”
― DON SANTO

“But if the Bible is not everywhere literally true, which parts are divinely inspired and which are merely fallible and human? As soon as we admit that there are scriptural mistakes (or concessions to the ignorance of the times), then how can the Bible be an inerrant guide to ethics and morals?”
― Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space

“Only the oppressed can receive liberating visions in wretched places. Only those thinking emerges in the context of the struggle against injustice can see God's freedom breaking into unfree conditions and thus granting power to the powerless to fight here and now for the freedom they know to be theirs in Jesus' cross and resurrection.”
― James H. Cone, God of the Oppressed

“His expression made me think of old-timey illustrations of god: severely paternal, bestowing the kind of love that weighs and measures before it find you worthy.”
― Alix E. Harrow, The Ten Thousand Doors of January

“Reach into the darkness and pull out the light!”
― PD Alleva

“There’s a difference between believing and knowing.”
― PD Alleva

“The world waits on us, for decisions must be made with impacts that flutter across time. No series of events can come from more of a change in demeanor. Knowing —not thinking, not believing, but knowing —is what manifests reality.”
― PD Alleva

“Separation slithers into the hearts of man to the breaking point where humanity becomes lost and we all take sides to stand against the other, and evil wins. Evil blinds us from walking in another’s shoes, promises us all we desire, including a voice to be heard and a satisfaction of ego and sensation, while our wings flutter and destroy a part of the hope that exists in the netherworld by directing hope’s vibrational healing into a new direction…towards absence and despair with a loss of that same hope.”
― PD Alleva

“You drive that hate of love from one life to the next with no recourse, regret, nor redemption of your soul.”
― PD Alleva

“Learning to fear God gives way to no fear of anything else”
― John M. Sheehan, Walking In The Newness Of Christ Large Print

“Keep Them Open To God; Your heart, mind, and soul because the floodgates are open, and the water is out. You just never know when grace will seep in.”
― John M. Sheehan

“Only the oppressed can receive liberating visions in wretched places. Only those thinking emerges in the context of the struggle against injustice can see God's freedom breaking into unfree conditions and thus granting power to the powerless to fight here and now for the freedom they know to be theirs in Jesus' cross and resurrection”
― James H. Cone, God of the Oppressed

“Thank God! I’m getting tired of working underground. I feel like damn mole.”
― Jason Medina, The Manhattanville Incident: An Undead Novel

“Each of us is a kaaranakartha...a conduit, a catalyst, an instrument…and so we only have one role...to be better instruments for divinity to work through us! And we can do that by working humbly, meaningfully, on whatever gives us unadulterated joy and by sharing all that we receive, thereby helping people around us to grow.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Faith is to suspect something is there and knowledge is to encounter it.”
― Steven Magee

“God is in full measure in a man. The quantity of emanation of God from the body depends upon the grace of God. It is His sport and there is no control over it.”
― Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond

“Redemption lies in the hands of a righteous God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The Maker is a merciful God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God is the giver.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God never gives up on you.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“At all times, trust in God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There is salvation for sinners through the grace of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Without the mercy of the Maker, every man should have perish in his sins.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Seek what the LORD requires of you.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Repent, return to God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God is excellent in guidance.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The Lord turned away washing
His hands without soap and water
Like a common housefly.”
― Galway Kinnell, A New Selected Poems

“I asked for strength that I might achieve;
I was made weak that I might learn humbly to obey.

I asked for health that I might do greater things;
I was given infirmity that I might do better things.

I asked for riches that I might be happy;
I was given poverty that I might be wise.

I asked for power that I might have the praise of men;
I was given weakness that I might feel the need of God.

I asked for all things that I might enjoy life;
I was given life that I might enjoy all things.

I got nothing that I asked for
but everything that I had hoped for.
Almost despite myself my unspoken prayers were answered,
I am, among all men, most richly blessed”
― Unknown Confederate Soldier

“We adults can be a wretched lot Chika, yet in every child's face we see the Lord has not given up on us.”
― Mitch Albom, Finding Chika: A Little Girl, an Earthquake, and the Making of a Family

“God loved humans but humans loved themselves instead, that's where all it began from.”
― Neymat Khan

“What a blessings God has bestowed upon us; the breath of being?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Don’t get attached to a label called religion which society has stuck on you. After all, the Life-giving source – the breath that you and I take and what keeps us alive – is the same. Which is why, religion and rituals are totally avoidable. Yes, there’s a Higher Energy that governs all of us. It is both the creator and the destroyer. So, as part of celebrating yourself, if you want to go to some place to celebrate that Higher Energy (if you believe the Energy is location-specific) – Sabarimalai, Ajmer Sharif, Velankanni, Amritsar, Mecca, Vatican, wherever – simply go. But please don’t get waylaid by people who tell you that religion dictates or rituals demand this and that from you. Do what you feel like to enable your communion with divinity. Just be sure to be happy doing what you are doing. Nothing else – and no one else – really matters!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“God realized that He had no concept of the skills required to run an organization of this magnitude.”
― David Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives

“Praying brings us to God 's presence.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Faith is the fear of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Pray without ceasing to purify thyself in God's presence.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“No God, no grace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Without God, there is no grace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A poet's promise is kept by attention to detail. Every word is an opportunity to reveal the universal truth of God's love.”
― Emily Weis

“Enter my world and you will find what is in my heart.
Imagination to see beauty in the world which is barren to all but a few.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Tuesday makes God's love shine.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“God just isn't in you.
He's in everything.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Let there be light said GOD & THERE WAS LIGHT.”
― pranita deshpande

“God is our graceful Comforter.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil. Everyone who does evil hates the light, and will not come into the light for fear that their deeds will be exposed.
But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light, so that it may be seen plainly that what they have done has been done in the sight of God.”
― Anonymous, The Gospel According to John

“Dear self, you have your own flaws. That is why you should learn to trust in God, more than you trust your own thoughts. Your own thoughts can derail you from your purpose. Your own thoughts can limit you from reaching your maximum potential. Self, trust God and you will never go wrong.”
― Gift Gugu Mona

“Sometimes to destroy the monsters that we face, we have to come against them in the same way that they have come against us. But if I do so in the power of God, I might have come against them in the same way, but I have come against them with a very kind of different power. And in that sense, nothing is the same.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Sometimes to destroy the monsters that we face, we have to come against them in the same way that they have come against us. But if I do so in the power of God, I might have come against them in the same way, but I have come against them with a very different kind of power. And in that sense, nothing is the same.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Mortal man has always sought to reduce the “infinite” into the finite in order to understand it and in
doing so has missed the mark completely. It was not until I could see, with the help of modern science,
the larger portion of the universe with all it’s myriad stars and galaxies that the enormity of God
really struck me,”
― Lawrence Boudreau, Wisdom From the Watcher on the Wall: The Legacy of Larry

“Jesus never gives up on you, so don't give up on Him. Don't be God's fairweather friend.”
― Laura-Lee Rahn

“Without God, there is no grace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Heaven is where Christmas came from. And if we give it permission to do so, someday it will take us back there with it.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Jesus died a criminal’s death surrounded by a handful of followers who refused to do anything other than a chase a God who, through His death at that very moment, was chasing them.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“On that first Christmas morning, the cries of this newborn were ignored by a world off to greater agendas from which this child would rise to save us.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I don’t know what is more frightening: a creature on a small planet worshipping itself and its world as if infinity did not exist, or a creature who burns its fellow beings because the infinite does exist.”
― Karl Ove Knausgaard, Om vinteren

“One of the things that vexes me to the point of near insanity is understanding the message of Christmas and realizing the potency of this message to transform the worst of our lives so that we can become the best of our ourselves, to shift the momentum of entire cultures so that the world is brilliantly enriched by each instead of destroyed by all, and to handily touch the hem of history itself so that history is changed in the touching. And while all of these are ours for the taking, I continue to watch the mindless hoards trudge past these things in order to embrace everything that is not the ‘everything’ of these gifts. And so I pray that God would grant them a heart ready to be captured by the ‘everything’ of Christmas.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“He always hoped God would provide him with salvation, someday. He believed that everything he went through was a test of his faith.”
― Jason Medina, The Manhattanville Incident: An Undead Novel

“Prayer serves as a reminder, that you are not God”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“The way I understand things, the Bible may have been thought out by God, but it was written down by men. And like everything men write down, such as the newspapers, they got the main story right but some of the details wrong.”
― Margaret Atwood, Alias Grace

“Do you desire redemption? Trust in the righteous God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Sometimes I just sit and stare out of the window wondering what the world is going to do today. And my prayer is that what the world does today is based on Who God is every day.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“If God believes in you, then it doesn’t matter if anyone else does. And God has never not believed in you.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Pain led me to love.
Love led me to God.
God showed me myself,
For I have always been love.”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“I believe that any God worth believing in believes in me too”
― Katherine DeGilio

“Satan plants questions in your mind and says, ‘Answer this with logic.’ But God says, ‘No, answer with faith.”
― Jenny B. Jones, Save the Date

“Disguised as a friend, my thoughts waltz in, asking if reason would like to dance...logic, being a gentleman, said nothing, and i was fooled again.”
― Genesis the Greykid, Words In Grey: Genesis the Greykid

“Sensuality is the portal through which God permeates every aspect of our beings so He can express His absolute beauty, passion and depth through us.”
― Lebo Grand

“We want the schedule for the next five years. But God says, "Take my hand. Let's just focus on doing the next right thing.”
― Len Woods

“I’ve written a few stories in my time. But sooner or later you realize that the greatest stories can’t be written by men because the best of our humanity can’t pen the stories that will save our lives. And so, God sat down and wrote one on Christmas.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The greatest treasure is awe reverence for God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Think of it… not a moment is the same from one second to the next. And that moment will never come again. This is what the mind perceives of God… endless change (time) within changelessness (eternity).”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“... has helped bring it home to me how fragile life is - and how necessary it is to concentrate on the essentials. No matter what happens to you, if you can draw strength from God and the people you love, nothing can ever defeat you.”
― Reba McEntire, Reba: My Story

“I don’t care what men say about God. What I care about is what God says about me.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The divine grace of salvation leads to deliverance from sin.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The gospel of salvation is to be saved from sin.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Faith in God is like a well watered garden.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To do evil is to be an enemy of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To do good is to be a friend of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The greatest gift in any gift is that there was someone who loved us so much that they simply could not keep themselves from giving the gift to us. And by far, the best example of that ‘someone’ is God, and the thing that He couldn’t keep Himself from giving us was Christmas.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“It was always the magic of those dense snowfalls that bedecked the landscape in a whitened splendor and rendered the horizon cloaked to invisibility in winter’s frosty veil. And in the rapture of such moments, you find yourself pressed beyond any and all means of resistance to hold onto anything except the majesty of the ascending moment. And being held a willing hostage, it takes but a moment of these moments to realize that everything around you has been swept up in just the same way, leaving you joined with the whole of creation that is both quieted in awe, but likewise raucous in praise. And I wonder (in some very remote way), if the first Christmas night might have been something like this.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“When you selflessly offer whatever you have – your art, your time, your wealth – to make the world a better place, there is nothing to achieve, nothing to prove, nothing to claim and nowhere to reach. Then all you are doing is giving, offering, whatever is flowing through you. Try being this way for a day or just for an hour perhaps. You will see how happy you are. You will realize that this is a beautiful place to be in. You will realize that you are a mere instrument for divinity to work through you. When you are in that place then none of the worldly measures matter to you…success, failure, reward, recognition, victory, defeat…nothing is relevant anymore. You are truly living then because you are giving!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Life is precious regardless of how you choose to think about it.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The nature reveals itself how Great and Perfect God You are. You are bright as the sunrise and more beautiful than the sunset. Unto You all the Glory will be. You are God of creation and Lord of all mankind.”
― Jennifer Aquillo

“God is great.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God is glorious.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Do not waste the life God has given you.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“For centuries, it was believed that disabled people like me were living under a curse that was inflicted by God. I prefer to think that everything can be explained another way, by the laws of nature.”
― Stephen Hawking, Brief Answers to the Big Questions

“When we image borders, we fail at imaging God.”
― Tristan Sherwin, Living the Dream?: The Problem with Escapist, Exhibitionist, Empire-Building Christianity

“My heart believed even when my mind faltered. I listened to my heart and I wrote "A Wrinkle in Time" as an affirmation that there was indeed light in the darkness with which I was surrounded. I wrote it for God.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, Bright Evening Star: Mystery of the Incarnation

“Broken expectations aren't meant to crush our hopes, but to free us to put our confidence in God alone. They aren't meant to make us give up, but look up.”
― Suzanne Woods Fisher, Anna's Crossing

“My parting shot tonight, let not politics engage you away from living. It is through living that we find true joy and fulfilling life. Simple things in life define who God is in our lives.”
― DON SANTO

“But failure to disprove something is not a good reason to believe it.”
― Richard Dawkins, Outgrowing God: A Beginner’s Guide

“In seeking God, you discover she is now-here and everywhere - in every heart, in every breath, in every thought, and in every pulse of the Universe. You are neither the body nor the mind, and the love of the self in you is the love for the God in you - the supreme witnessing self.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“I want to believe in a new thing, Lord. I want that more than anything. I want to forget the old things—the bad and ugly things that have sent me here. Please let me see your hand in all of this. Let me see the path through this wilderness.”
― Tracie Peterson, A Lady of High Regard

“To choose joy does not mean to choose happy feelings or an artificial atmosphere of hilarity. But it does mean the determination to let whatever takes place bring us one step closer to the God of life.”
― Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Road to Daybreak: A Spiritual Journey

“God holds every tear in the hallow of His hand, and each one that we shed is intermingled with a thousand of His own. And someday He will welcome us home, draw us deep into His embrace and let the tears of both spill on the floor, never to be collected again.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Now, we turn to the gods – not for guidance or protection, but as experimental subjects. Deities, demons and other supernatural entities can be considered as self-perpetuating structures in the elemental chaos. They might be naturally accreting structures, or perhaps they were unconsciously shaped over many generations by blind faith. These self-perpetuating structures can channel elemental energy through congruent souls – or, to put it another way, saints manifest the sacred blessings of the gods.”
― Gareth Ryder-Hanrahan, The Gutter Prayer

“Gods – all gods, I think – are just spells that keep going. Like waterwheels powered by the passage of souls, maybe. Prayer strengthens them, and so does residuum, the portion of the soul that remains in the corpse after death. The gods are not omniscient or omnipotent, just very different from us. More powerful in some ways, but locked into patterns of behaviour they cannot change, so they’re not really sentient, I suppose. Saints are p-p-points of congruency between our world and theirs.”
― Gareth Ryder-Hanrahan, The Gutter Prayer

“Ningún dios puede hacer nada por quien no descubre su propio camino”
― Daína Chaviano, Los hijos de la Diosa Huracán

“Everything depends on something. The leaf depends on the tree. The tree depends on the sun, air and water. They are only ‘part’ of the Universe. To depend on God is to know the same and be sublimely happy because of that knowledge.”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“The RIGHT balance Equal to a Better Life. Being Grateful for God Guidance, Help and Support... a Balanced Life Includes LOVE, Solitude, Meditation and Peaceful Surroundings.”
― nick catricala

“Replying, I attempted to make my companion understand the meaning of sacred terror. "We are small worms, Zorba, very small worms on the tiniest leaf of a gigantic tree. This tiny leaf is our earth; the other leaves are the stars you see moving at night. We drag ourselves along on our tiny lea, eagerly ferreting around in it. We smell it: it has an odor. We taste it: it can be eaten. We strike it: it resounds, shouting like a living thing. Some of us human beings, the most fearless, reach the edge of the leaf. We bend over this edge with open eyes and ears, observing chaos below. We shudder. We divine the terrible drop beneath us, occasionally hear a sound made by the gigantic tree's other leaves, sense the sap rising from the roots, swelling our hearts. In this way, leaning over the abyss, we realize with all our body and soul that we are being overcome by terror. What begins at that moment is-"
I stopped. I had wanted to say, "What begins at that moment is poetry," but Zorba would not have understood, so I kept silent.
"What begins?" asked Zorba eagerly. "Why did you stop?"
"At that moment, Zorba, begins the great danger," I replied. "Some become dazed and delirious; others, growing afraid, take great pains to discover an answer that will brace their heart. These say, 'God.' Still others, calmly, bravely, look down at the drop from the leaf's edge and say, 'I like it.'"
Zorba thought for a long time, probing deeply in order to understand. "I look down at death continually," he said at last. "I look at it and am not afraid. Never, however, do I say, 'I like it.' No, I do not like it, not at all. I am free, am I not? I don't sign!”
― Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek

“I had a passing thought; I wondered if God might have been drunk when He created me. Then it dawned on me--of course not! He was just God being God, and He knew exactly what He was doing and what the outcome would be.”
― Joe Miller

“I will always love you, but I am not God. I will sometimes hurt you, because I am not God.”
― jenim dibie

“To be biblical a sermon must be rooted in the particularities of a passage of Scripture, in the immediate and wider context of the passage and in the cosmic sweep of the Christian gospel as a whole. Only thus can I be sure that I have heard an authentic proclamation of the Word--not just that I have admired the silver-tongued eloquence of the King's herald or even the splendor of his robes, but that I have caught a fresh glimpse of the face of the King himself. The preacher cannot guarantee that this will happen. The preaching event, that moment of royal meeting, is something we cannot create or command. Only God can do that.”
― Ian Pitt-Watson, A Primer For Preachers

“At the heart of it, preaching is the telling and retelling of Christ's story and our stories from creation to parousia. It is the remembering of the stories with a special kind of remembrance of which the Bible speaks (Old Testament zakar, New Testament anamnesis), a remembrance that does not merely call to mind the thing remembered, but that makes it real, present, potent, and demanding here and now.”
― Ian Pitt-Watson, A Primer For Preachers

“But all the things that God would have us do are hard for us to do - remember that - and hence, he oftener commands us than endeavors to persuade. And if we obey God, we must disobey ourselves; and it is in this disobeying ourselves, wherein the hardness of obeying God consists.”
― Herman Melville, Moby-Dick; or, the Whale

“I only wanted to suggest to you that self-confidence is a passion so overwhelming that beside it even lust and hunger are trifling. It whirls its victim to destruction in the highest affirmation of his personality. The object doesn't matter; it may be worth while or it may be worthless. No wine is so intoxicating, no love so shattering, no vice so compelling. When he sacrifices himself man for a moment is greater than God, for how can God, infinite and omnipotent, sacrifice himself? At best he can only sacrifice his only begotten son.”
― Maugham W. Somerset, The Razor's Edge

“The Lord's will would be done. All I had to do was follow His voice.”
― Grace A. Johnson, Prisoner at Heart

“Only an arrogant person thinks they can lie, steal and cheat to get what they want, and never get caught. In business and in life, odds are, there are more people on a righteous road than there are on a deceitful path. The devil may cloak you in his darkness, but God will always reveal you with His light.”
― Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings

“In eternity, there is no 'time' for anything to begin or end, therefore, past, present, future represent a linear progression that goes nowhere.”
― Edward Weiss, The Silver Meditation: Connect With God In a Simple Way That Works

“Silence is autonomous. It is beyond us; our task is to coordinate our being with the greater Being of Silence.”
― Robert Sardello, Silence: The Mystery of Wholeness

“If I’d been born in ancient Greece, I’d worship Zeus and Aphrodite”
― Richard Dawkins, Outgrowing God: A Beginner’s Guide

“The most confused kids are those who pray to God before their science exam.”
― Nitya Prakash

“There are so many different faiths. How do you know the holy book you have been brought up with is the true one? And if all the others are wrong, what makes you think your holy book isn't wrong too?”
― Richard Dawkins, Outgrowing God: A Beginner’s Guide

“It is our duty to pray, for such an act brings us to the presence of the Mighty GOD, who desires to show mercy to all who call upon His HOLY name.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“All have problems. But those who rely on God breathe easier. How? They don’t allow mistakes in the world to define who they are. Instead, they lean on ‘what’ they are and the worries of the world bounce off them.”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“God is dancing in our breath, singing in our thoughts, and celebrating in our DNA when you understand that God, fears evaporates and eternity arises.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“A boy is in search of faith. Such a faith that he went to the forest for it, although it is not always preferable. The God with his entire presence is everywhere, but this boy, he loved the forest. He always thought that the forest is better than the city; free from artificially fabricated environment, free from social animals and full of real animals, whose intentions are very clear, far clearer than the social animals. When they search for prey, they use claws and teeth and jaws and roars, they don’t use soft words, fake emotions and false love.”
― Sameem ul Islam, The Real Happiness

“It's impossible to fear and love God at the same time. Simply, because you can't enter into heaven and hell at the same time!”
― Mwanandeke Kindembo

“Being 'accepted' by God never meant being accepted by your peers.

Stop worrying about what others think about you. Stop judging God by the way people judge you.

Your worth is inherent, not in question.”
― Richie Norton

“The weird thing about the bible is that almost everything in it is a metaphor.

So it seems to me that when the bible describes church as a place where two or more people discuss God, they don’t mean just the cathedral like churches. I don’t know what, who or where God is; but if everything is a metaphor, I think he or she is a comparison to us. I think we are like, or as God. I think when we get together, and talk about ourselves, about being human, about what hurts us; we are also talking about God.

So that’s also church, right?

I know this might seem blasphemous, but my priest tells me its okay to ask questions, even if they seem bizarre.”
― Elizabeth Acevedo, The Poet X

“Planning is good. Irreverently waiting for something more when God gave you life and a dream today is not good.”
― Richie Norton

“God uses people to block opportunities you should have considered in the first place.”
― Jeffrey Duarte

“In the here and now, out on the Arctic ice, I believe in a God. Not one I need to define, worship, or evangelize but the truth is undeniably palpable.”
― Katherine Keith

“Our blessed Lord was hopeful about humanity. He always saw
men the way He originally designed them. He saw through the surface, grime, and dirt to the real man underneath. He never identified
a person with sin. He saw sin as something alien and foreign which
did not belong to man. Sin had mastered man but he could be freed
from it to be his real self. Just as every mother sees her own image
and likeness on her child’s face, so God always saw the divine image
and likeness beneath us.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Life is Worth Living

“Our blessed Lord was hopeful about humanity. He always saw men the way He originally designed them. He saw through the surface, grime, and dirt to the real man underneath. He never identified a person with sin. He saw sin as something alien and foreign which did not belong to man. Sin had mastered man but he could be freed from it to be his real self. Just as every mother sees her own image and likeness on her child’s face, so God always saw the divine image and likeness beneath us.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Life is Worth Living

“Self love is not as difficult a discovery as some folks will conjecture. Muting the ego's clamourous influence over the conscience. This could be the support 'self' needs to begin-to-understand' that a Divine Creator had them in mind before building their flesh brain around the soul's spirit body, purely out of a love that pre-existed prior to that of ones existence. That love was magnificently demonstrated in the hybrid spirit-to-flesh-body-back to Spiritual Saviour who purpose in introduction, activity and prophetic discourse documentation, rejection turned persecution, crucifixion and Divine Spirit Resurrection to regain proper origin in (complete soul) relationship back to each living human being. Love went through all of that to restore us back to Supreme of absolute Love. To accept that truth brings light thru revelation which guides the spirit of oneself to change thoughts from dark external influences that make us not love ourselves. How can you sp easily reject yourself against the the existence of a Love Creator that "loved" you into life, and paid an extreme price with His hybrid life to
powerfully save yours back to him, from which you came. Don't get lost in the deep details. Get LOVED!”
― Tracey Bond

“To trust God means to depend upon God This is the reason children are content. They know, deep down, they are taken care of. To lose this feeling is the great tragedy of life. To find it again, the greatest recovery.”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“You took all that was most extraordinary, most hypothetical, and most vague, all that was beyond the understanding of the people, and thus You acted as though You did not love them at all—and who was this? The one who had come to give His life for them!

Instead of taking control of human freedom, You intensified it and burdened man’s spiritual domain with its torments for ever. You desired man to have freedom of choice in love so that he would follow You freely, lured and captivated by You. Instead of the old immutable law, man should henceforth decide with a free heart what is good and what is evil, having only Your image before him as a guide—but didn’t it occur to You that in the end men would reject and dispute even Your image and Your truth if they were saddled with such a terrible burden as freedom of choice?

They will cry out in the end that truth is not in You, for they could not have been left in worse confusion and torment than that in which You left them, bequeathing them so many problems and unresolved questions. So You Yourself sowed the seed of the destruction of Your own kingdom; blame no one else for this.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov

“Americans can afford to disregard 'thou shall not kill' and 'thou shall not covet.' We sidestep 'blessed are the meek' and 'blessed are they who hunger and thirst for righteousness.' We dance around the particulars of 'again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of God' as we change money in this earthen temple.”
― Dan Johnson, Catawampusland

“Beauty is God made visible.”
― Khalid Masood

“God uses people to block opportunities you should have never considered in the first place.”
― Jeffrey Duarte

“That day, and for a long time after, she'd grapple with God's injustice too, but it was also a long time before she learned that God needed an indestructible person for the tasks that lay ahead, and this is how they're forged.”
― J. Ryan Stradal, The Lager Queen of Minnesota

“10 Ways to Approach a Joyful Life

1. Life is short so don’t pretend like you’ll have time later.⁣
2. Design your work so have freedom of geography, income and time.⁣
3. Don’t care about stuff. ⁣
4. Own your life.⁣
5. Own your time.⁣
6. Own your contribution to humanity on a deep level.⁣
7. Be cool (kind) to other people.⁣
8. Don’t take yourself too seriously.⁣
9. Sacrifice.⁣
10. Choose happiness.⁣
⁣
Bonus: Bad stuff will happen. Move forward and don’t blame God for the bad stuff.”
― Richie Norton

“The sad news is, those born into poverty usually remain in poverty. The good news is, these people are among the first to turn to God. The pain of life has made them seek for something better. When they find it, they are no longer poor.”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“God has a special place especially for sinners like you, a filthy, stinking, dirty pit with horrendous fire and smoke all around where you'll be awake and cognizant but you have to go through the intense torture and anguish by the vicious and most ferocious demons, where you'll suffer and yelp and regret and scream and screech and yell forever till the end of time!!," recounted by a religious leader who has all the qualities to land in the Heaven starting from extreme pride, enormous greed, horrid lust, despicable envy, intense gluttony, monstrous wrath, and exorbitant sloth.”
― Mohammed Israil

“God should be welcomed in the heart and not in the act of worship alone.”
― Mwanandeke Kindembo

“The world is full of mysteries, strange, unapproachable, overpowering mysteries that you cannot read. Trust, trust in the power, and in the wisdom, and in the goodness of Him, the Almighty One, who rules it.”
― George Granville Bradley

“The heart is the throne of God and the heart is the mother of all the desires!”
― Mwanandeke Kindembo

“Is your home life more sorrow than joy? This isn’t the way it’s supposed to be. It should be more joy than sorrow. If it is, you know. If it isn’t, you also know. Remember this… God is always with you. This is the bedrock that allows the hopeless to remedy their situation.”
― Edward Weiss, The Silver Meditation: Connect With God In a Simple Way That Works

“The world is full of mysteries, strange, unapproachable, overpowering mysteries that you cannot read. Trust, trust in the power, and in the wisdom, and in the goodness of Him, the Almighty One, who rules”
― George Granville Bradley

“The ubiquitous eyes of God may identify one as a supply-route and strategically maneuver his placing. He never leaves wanting any through whom he chooses to bless others.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“That ‘God will provide’, is a sanguine statement laced with faith. He does not bring one out in the dark and switch off the light.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“The love of God is so hot than a burning coal. It burns the heart and warms the chest; while at the same time calming the mind like still water.”
― Mwanandeke Kindembo

“Today, everyday, try not to worry about what someone thinks of you, who may be hurting or deceiving you or taking advantage of your kindness or love. Just be who you are; who God intends you to be. People who push you away with their bad behavior are doing you a favor. They are releasing you from negativity. Remember, follow your instincts. That's God talking.”
― Liz Faublas

“You have such a big heart! You care so deeply for your angels and you love every single thing you create! You want to share your love, you
want to be present in others' lives, you want to interact with your creation and you want to be known. You are the most compassionate being I know! You are willing to step out and do amazing things. You are giving your old and new creation a beautiful place to live, bountiful food to eat, a grand fellowship and a Father who loves them. They have every opportunity in the world to respond to you and be close to you. If they don't see that, I don't know how else you can show them!”
― Sunshine Rodgers, The Creation Project

“It is all the dance. It is all God.”
― Shahar Rabi, Spiritual Misfits: Collaboration and Belonging in a Divisive World

“Allah (glorified is He) tells us in a very profound ayah (verse): “Verily with hardship comes ease.” (Qur’an, 94:5). Growing up I think I understood this ayah wrongly. I used to think it meant: after hardship comes ease. In other words, I thought life was made up of good times and bad times. After the bad times, come the good times. I thought this as if life was either all good or all bad. But that is not what the ayah is saying. The ayah is saying WITH hardship comes ease. The ease is at the same time as the hardship. This means that nothing in this life is ever all bad (or all good). In every bad situation we’re in, there is always something to be grateful for. With hardship, Allah also gives us the strength and patience to bear it.”
― Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles

“Those who choose God 'have' God”
― Edward Weiss, The Silver Meditation: Connect With God In a Simple Way That Works

“Don't hesitate to ponder the next time you catch a glimpse of the sky; it takes only a few seconds to see what the eyes cannot. Because did you ever ask yourself that while we may not have eyes, why do we all have a heart?”
― Maham Javaid, Journey: From you to your Lord

“If you start understanding the god or say power of the universe, it’s conscious and knowledge.
If you start praying every stones in the name of same god, it’s foolishness.
If you worship anything by realizing them, it's faith.
Seeking is fundamental accomplishment to human life.”
― Ankit Samrat

“Don't over intellectualize that which is the love of God, Just Be!”
― Syed Sharukh

“God so loved the world that he gave his son to that world, that those who put their confidence in him would not lead a miserable, failing existence, but have eternal life, which is the kind of life God has.”
― Dallas Willard

“Dear god,
Every time I take my clothes off, I stop believing in you.”
― Aimee Herman, Meant to Wake Up Feeling

“Choose this day whom you will serve. As for me and my house we will serve the Lord.”
― Joshua - Bible

“God as an idea; is limited by human comprehension.
God as a person; is infinitely more sophisticated than our best example of a good, fair, moral and ethical human.
God as an image; would be the idea that imagination under the proper constraints or laws will produce the most value.”
― R.A. Delmonico

“Before this, I couldn't understand why a person would commit suicide. And while I now have the perspective that only comes from distance, and the perspective always comes, I know the power of a lie has to shrink time into what seems the eternal end of things. It is a true miracle I survived that hour. I wasn't numb anymore. I was allowed to feel the brunt of it. The bones penetrated my chest in a sudden rip, emptying a body of blood down my shirt and onto my lap. The blood pooled in the lap of my pants and seeped into the carpet in my hotel room. I clasped my hand over my heart and knelt between the bed and the television and rolled onto the floor and cried out to God a lamenting demand that he would come and save me from the sorrow that, for the immensity of it, I could only attribute to him in the first place. I didn't want to learn whatever it was he wanted to teach me. I cried to him an angry petition for rescue. I doubted him and needed him at the same time. God seemed to me, in that moment, a cruel father burning a scar into my skin with his cigarette. And yet I knew he was the only one with the power to make the pain go away.”
― Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life

“A bad book about the love of God remains a bad book, even though it may be about the love of God. There are many who think that because they have written about God, they have written good books. Then men pick up these books and say: if the ones who say they believe in God cannot find anything better than this to say about it, their religion cannot be worth much.”
― Thomas Merton

“God has an inordinate fondness for stars and beetles.”
― JBS Haldane

“The Creator would appear as endowed with a passion for stars, on the one hand, and for beetles on the other, for the simple reason that there are nearly 300,000 species of beetle known, and perhaps more, as compared with somewhat less than 9,000 species of birds and a little over 10,000 species of mammals. Beetles are actually more numerous than the species of any other insect order. That kind of thing is characteristic of nature.”
― Jbs Haldane

“„God is beautiful and He loves beauty. When you are true in your relationship with God, you take on that beauty in you. You become virtuous, just and balanced. Everything you do is graceful and beautiful. Every thought you think, every word you say and every action you take. Anything you weave, make, carve or cook with your hands, it all becomes beautiful.”
― Dr. Umar Faruq Abd Allah

“Love of God, he said slowly, searching for words, is not always
the same as love of good, I wish it were that simple. We know what
is good, it is written in the Commandments. But God is not
contained only in the Commandments, you know; they are only an
infinitesimal part of Him. A man may abide by the Commandments
and be far from God.”
― Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund

“The first and foremost thing is to be loving toward yourself. Don't be hard; be soft. Care about yourself. Learn how to forgive yourself— again and again and again— seven times, seventy-seven times, seven hundred and seventy-seven times.

Learn how to forgive yourself. Don't be hard; don't be antagonistic toward yourself. Then you will flower. And in that flowering you will attract some other flower. It is natural. Stones attract stones; flowers attract flowers. And then there is a relationship which has grace, which has beauty, which has a benediction in it. And if you can find such a relationship, your relationship will grow into prayer, your love will become an ecstasy, and through love you will know what God is.”
― Osho, The Book of Woman

“In the beginning God created "Nothing".”
― Khalid Masood

“Find your freedom in God, and have your heaven on Earth”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“Without a firm moral restraint and a bold adherence to principled ethics, nothing within the power of men will save us from the power of mankind.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“In my efforts to flee God, I will always end up some place where’s He’s at because I’ve never left where He was.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Denial that we’re living for some kind of ‘god’ is likely the best evidence we have that we’re dying because of some kind of ‘god’.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The act of striving itself is not sufficient to suggest that one is actually striving, for without an objective that is defined by the bigness of God and freed from the smallness of us we are only toddling about.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“God is second to none, so when I walk with Him my fear should be second to everything to the point that it is present in nothing.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough, LPC

“God is second to none, so when I walk with Him my fear should be second to everything to the point that it is present in nothing.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Zijn vader zette een witte plastic zak van de snackbar op tafel en daarna moesten we bidden. Ik vouwde mijn handen en deed mijn ogen dicht, maar ik bad niet. Met patat had God niets te maken.”
― Thomas van der Meer, Welkom bij de club

“Honor is where I unashamedly declare that every success is the work of my God, where flattery is pretending that every success is the work of my hands. And while pursing honor will insure the death of flattery, pursuing flattery will insure the death of everything.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Most of the maps that I create go from the nowhere of where I am to the nowhere of what I think is a somewhere. For without God, my nowhere and my somewhere will not take me anywhere.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“We squander our souls by giving them over to what makes them feel good rather than surrendering them to what makes them grow strong.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“In the darkness of despair, let this light of wisdom shine,
What He gave was always His, so what I lost was never mine.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Nobody can return to you something that was never yours, to begin with. Let’s trace back to the history of your race: the humans were made for slavery and were found faulty for that purpose. They showed immense energy and willpower only when confronted against tremendous obstacles with no weapons in their hands. With those bare hands, and the wits that exceeded even those of their creators and equalled the ones of mighty gods, they could break mountains. Once the humans earned at least a bit of benevolence from their creators, though, they’d immediately turn into lazy drunkards feasting upon the luxuries of life. They were quite haughty creatures, at that – one could never make them work without posing a certain purpose before their eyes. They should be given an aim they approved of, or else, they’d move no finger! Yet, if such necessities were met, they’d begin to loaf around. Forbidding them to taste those luxuries? Nay, they obeyed not! Hence, their creators cast them down on Earth – a planet inhabited by many other faulty experiments of different alien species, so that their lives would end. Yet even here, the humans defied their creators – instead of dying out, they adapted to the environment they were cast in, due to their boundless wits and the unexplainable willpower that no other species could ever possess. They mated the local species whom they could more or less find a common language with, killed off the obstacles, and conquered the planet as their own. The conquering ambitions of their creators, the boundless wisdom of their gods, and the primal instincts of Earthly nature – all of it meddled in these extraordinary creatures. They were full of instability, unpredictability, wild dreams, and rotten primitivism. Which side they would develop, depended entirely upon their choice. Aye, they had proven faulty to their creators, yet had attained the perfect treasure they required – the freedom. Could they make use of it? – Nay, certainly not… at least not many of them. There are certain individuals among the human race, who are able to well balance their mixed-up nature and grow into worthy people that merit our godly benevolence. However, most of them are quite an interesting bunch whom an ambitious man like me can make good use of. I am half-human with godly and angelic descendance, so I guess, I am worthy to be their sole ruler, their only saviour, their treasured shepherd… The shepherds too make use of their sheep – they guide them, then to consume some of them for wool and meat. Shepherds do not help the sheep for granted – they use their potential to its fullest. I shall be the same kind of a god – I shall help these magnificent creatures to achieve the wildest of their dreams but will use their powers for my own benefit. These poor creatures cannot define their potential alone, they cannot decide what’s the best and the fittest for them! I can achieve that. Free human souls? – Nay, they need no freedom. What they need, is to serve the rightful master, and that rightful master I shall be.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“Any type of violence is against God, against religion, against spirituality, against humanity, and against nature. Maturity comes only through non-violence, love, and all-inclusiveness.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Your humanity is your divinity”
― Drew Gerald

“Every new encounter is a chance for love to meet itself again.”
― Drew Gerald

“God is an artist par excellence. He has painted the picturesque universe on the screen of His own immutable and glowing Spirit. So He is at once the painter and the painted. In the ultimate analysis, God and His lover, God and His devotee and servant, are He. The unmanifest--which is beyond all duality has become both. This secret few know.”
― Swami Ramdas, The Essential Swami Ramdas

“God is ever busy in freeing you from the tangle of worldly friendship and attachments which are in their very nature unstable and unreliable, and, therefore, bring you nothing but sorrows and anxieties. Let this experience teach you that if there is one whom you can entirely trust and for whom you should offer the love of an undivided heart, it should be the supreme Lord Himself who has His eternal seat in your heart.

God is all merciful. Pray to Him. '0 God, lead me from the unreal to the Real; from darkness to Light; from death to Immortality.' When He makes you pass through many a painful ordeal of life, it is only to awaken you to the ultimate Reality.”
― Swami Ramdas, The Essential Swami Ramdas

“Remember that He who created you to be creative gave you the things with which to make beauty and gave you the sensitivity to appreciate and respond to His creation. Creativity is His gift to you and the 'raw materials' to be put together in various ways are His gift to you as well.”
― Edith Schaeffer, The Hidden Art of Homemaking

“Though I don't believe, I come to you now, and I lift my doubt to your mercy.”
― Leonard Cohen, Book of Mercy

“Straw is not gold, up is not down, black is not white. Don't you understand? A only equates to A.”
― Kudretullah Sak

“My faith is not some pathetic emotional escape from a reality that I am unable to cope with. Rather, my faith is the power to change that reality by changing me so that I can change it. And from that, I don’t need any escape nor do I want one.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“God did not make this complicated, man did; perhaps so that he could tell himself that it is not possible”
― Daniel Mangena, Stepping Beyond Intention

“Believing in science is to know that one day the sun won't rise. Believing in God is to trust that it will.”
― Seni Glaister, The Museum of Things Left Behind

“God is the cause that is 'cause of itself' (essence) and the Universe is the effect existing within the cause (existence). Essence involves existence.”
― Edward Weiss, The Silver Meditation: Connect With God In a Simple Way That Works

“My faith is not some escapist fantasy born of my inability to face reality. Rather, it is the belief in a reality that supersedes the one that I am being accused of escaping from. And because that’s the case, that reality demands more of me than would have been demanded had I stay put. So, if I am in fact escaping, it’s escaping to something better which is entirely different than fleeing from something that I fear.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I spend a whole lot of time in a whole lot of places that don’t do me a whole lot of good, when God has spent a whole lot of time inviting me to spend the whole of eternity with Him.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I expend my days relentlessly attempting to design my life in a manner that is designed to meet the needs in my life. Yet, God did not design life to do that. Rather, He designed life to direct us to Him so that He could do that.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The Gospel of Jesus Christ stilted rigid by our traditions, held a suffering captive to our denominational creeds, and parsed thin by our need to control our faith rather than submit to it is not compelling to anyone…except the ones who are so enamored with what they’ve created that they’ve forgotten that they created it.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I am not ashamed of my God. But I am deeply ashamed of the fact that we have created a gospel that is far more of ‘us’ and far less of God. And more of ‘us’ is not anything that any of us need, but more of God is everything that we all need.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Do we dare embrace an authentic faith stripped bare of everything that we have spoken into it and ripped entirely clean of everything that we have built upon it? And are we willing to embrace something that inexpressibly potent, that unashamedly demanding, and that shockingly unfamiliar? Yet maybe the better question is, do we dare to not do that?”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Time is an echo of God.”
― Khalid Masood

“Kad su drevni narod stvarali bogove na svoju sliku, bojali su se i bili ponizni pred njima. U današnje doba, Bog se boji ljudi.”
― Aline Apostolska, L'île noire de Marco Polo

“I am a man in death. I am not God. I am not man. I am a beast and a predator. I want to make love to prostitutes. I want to live like an unnecessary man.
I know that God wants this, and therefore I will live that way. I will live that way until He stops me. I will gamble on the Stock Exchange because I want to do so at other people's expense. I am an evil man. I do not love anyone. I wish harm to everyone and good to myself. I am an egoist. I am not God. I am a beast, a predator. I will practice masturbation and spiritualism. I will eat everyone I can get hold of. I will stop at nothing. I will make love to my wife's mother and my child. I will weep, but I will do everything God commands me to. I know that everyone will be afraid of me and will commit me to a lunatic asylum. But I don't care. I am not afraid of anything. I want death. I will blow my brains out if God wants it.”
― Vaslav Nijinsky, The Diary of Vaslav Nijinsky

“I know many people will say, "What kind of God orders you to do everything you do? You are deceiving us. You are a primitive man, quite uncivilized." I know all these objections. I will answer them simply. I am man's firstborn, with God's culture and not an animal's.”
― Vaslav Nijinsky, The Diary of Vaslav Nijinsky

“Student: How does Self-realization of an individual help society?

Ramdas: By Self-realization you become happy inwardly and therefore seek nothing from outside. So, your activities flow out only for the uplift and good of others. A man who is discontented within seeks for external things in order to get happiness, and so doing, harms society. He thinks he will get happiness from external objects.

When you have found true happiness by realizing the Self, that is, by realizing that your true nature is absolute peace and bliss, you are not in conflict with anybody, your vision is equal and your activities turn to the service of everyone. Then it is that you become the true instrument of God.”
― Swami Ramdas, The Essential Swami Ramdas

“You're still alive because God has plans for you, even if we don't understand what they are yet.”
― Elizabeth Camden, The Spice King

“It is in nature, among the things which God has created, designed and brought forth Himself, that we are in the most natural atmosphere to be inspired. Creative ideas are apt to flow in the midst of the creativity expressed in God's creation, as one is temporarily separated from the confusion of conflicting voices which would separate us from the simple basic realities of what 'is'- and this is especially true today, when so much of what man builds, paints and writes, not only has no place for God but has no place for nature or man either.”
― Edith Schaeffer, The Hidden Art of Homemaking

“When man is at his best, he outweighs the worth of God as a whole.”
― Ryan Rider

“How can we humans claim ourselves to be superior to other animals? Is it because of the technological development we’ve made? Destroying one resource to create another one! Egotism is what we humans are fraught with… We boast of our intellectual superiority, but why do we have to depend upon a dog to sniff out a thief, one from our own race? Why do we need a dog for that? Why don't we just train ourselves and do the job on our own? The defence we produce here is that we don't have as many olfactory receptors in our nose as there are in a dog, and a part of a dog’s brain is devoted to analyzing smells. But then why is our developed logical and intellectual ability considered superior to their developed instinctive abilities? Isn't it ironical that a race that considers itself superior to others needs another race that it looks down upon, to sniff out someone of its own race? Doesn't it seem at variance with our own asset, logic that is, that we, who haven't yet developed a reliable device to predict an earthquake, consider ourselves better than a race that has an uncanny ability to predict future catastrophe? Being at the top of the food chain isn’t everything; even the dinosaurs disappeared, and the ones which were at the bottom still exist… I truly believe in nature's impartiality.”
― Anurag Shrivastava, The Web of Karma

“Tears are one of the wonders that manifest God’s greatness: they ooze out of the eyes to bear off the pain when it gets unbearable. They wash away the painful memories, and keep our hearts from drowning in the ocean of dark emotions: if not for them this world would be full of bitter obnoxious people.”
― Anurag Shrivastava, The Web of Karma

“I cannot give you what you need because I am not enough of what you need. But I can point you to the God Who is everything that you need. And if you go to where I point you, you will need nothing. And is that not the point?”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“To be honest, we have learned by our many experiences with gods both heathen and non-heathen, that if personified, they bear only problems. There’s a single step for an angel to become a demon.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“The god who decides for himself whose life should end and whose life should begin, who decides on his own whether be born a woman or a man, who gives children to the families of the poor or the rich without ever asking the newborn’s opinion, who twists the humans’ minds and yet never desires to reveal the single truth only he knows, who caused humans five world wars and let aliens take over them, who allowed death and misfortune and only granted miracles to chosen few – this true non-heathen god whom you spoke of, be he not a bloody tyrant playing with your lives on his whims?”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“God is in every particle in the Universe. No religion, no prophet can make division on it.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“I always write with my .357 Magnum handy. Why? Well, you never know when God may try to interfere.”
― Edward Abbey

“The moment we begin to feel satisfied that we are making some progress along the road of sanctification, it is all the more necessary to repent and confess that all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags. Yet the Christian life is not one of gloom, but of ever increasing joy in the Lord. God alone knows our good works; all we know is His good work.”
― Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship

“My relationship with God is now healthier than it has ever been, because before I thought I deserved a cure, or miracle like those described in the Bible. If God is a healer, why won't he heal me? What I know now is that there is a purpose behind his every action and the actions of his son, and I don't have to look to be healed in order for my own happiness and a life lived well.”
― Keah Brown

“Là, au milieu du pavé, — il était midi, — un grand soleil, — une créature dansait. Une créature si belle que Dieu l’eût préférée à la Vierge, et l’eût choisie pour sa mère, et eût voulu naître d’elle si elle eût existé quand il se fit homme !”
― Victor Hugo, Notre-Dame de Paris

“Once I stare into the face of God, I can stare into the face of anything.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Religion is a human invention. It is a device with which a few people control the masses, employing fear and divisiveness. Allowing ourselves to be divided on the lines of religion is being outright stupid. Because judging and alienating – hating – another human being causes, above all, your own suffering.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Life offers us many paths, but there’s only One that doesn’t lead to the edge of a cliff.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“That door that "they" blocked you from entering, God is about to kick it in. I hope you're prepared to make your grand entrance.”
― Sabrina Newby

“If you listen to your brain, you will live your entire life as an animal; if you listen to your heart, you will live your entire life as a human; if you listen to your brain and heart, you will live your entire life as God”
― P.S. Jagadeesh Kumar

“There are no second chances at life.”
― Timothy Peak, To Heaven and Back With Angels

“I believe I have a soul and that soul is connected to something greater than my physical form. If religion did not exist, the soul would still be a part of the infinite find its bearings in this universe. God Lives in all of us all the time”
― Levon Peter Poe

“Dare to love God more than the world”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“Insipid writer, you pretend to draw for your readers
The portraits of your 3 impostors;
How is it that, witlessly, you have become the fourth?
Why, poor enemy of the supreme essence,
Do you confuse Mohammed and the Creator,
And the deeds of man with God, his author?...
Criticize the servant, but respect the master.
God should not suffer for the stupidity of the priest:
Let us recognize this God, although he is poorly served.

My lodging is filled with lizards and rats;
But the architect exists, and anyone who denies it
Is touched with madness under the guise of wisdom.
Consult Zoroaster, and Minos, and Solon,
And the martyr Socrates, and the great Cicero:
They all adored a master, a judge, a father.
This sublime system is necessary to man.
It is the sacred tie that binds society,
The first foundation of holy equity,
The bridle to the wicked, the hope of the just.

If the heavens, stripped of his noble imprint,
Could ever cease to attest to his being,
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
Let the wise man announce him and kings fear him.
Kings, if you oppress me, if your eminencies disdain
The tears of the innocent that you cause to flow,
My avenger is in the heavens: learn to tremble.
Such, at least, is the fruit of a useful creed.”
― Voltaire

“She opened the box and released the ghosts of a thousand odors. I sneezed, Joel sneezed. Izzy’s mother said, “God bless you.” I smiled. “Yes, He does. Thank you.”
― Patricia Briggs, Fire Touched

“I don’t believe God will punish you for looking differently at the pattern of life. God is good, it’s man who is evil. - Ware”
― Iris Johansen, Lion's Bride

“The cosmos is filled with purpose because there is a God above. Our hearts are intrinsically and acutely aware that there is more to us than chemical reactions in laws of physics. Our short lives find meaning in the Creator of the heavens and earth. Though death awaits us all, it is not the end.”
― Dan DeWitt, Jesus or Nothing

“The gospel does not imply that Jesus has risen and nothing else matters, but rather Jesus has risen and now everything matters. We can now live above the line of despair because the gospel is true.”
― Dan DeWitt, Jesus or Nothing

“If all people were to be judged by ‘right and wrong’, nobody would be wholly right or wholly wrong - for have not all people ‘sinned and fallen from the glory of God’? It seems more than a little unfair (and unhinged) that some folks with at least as much ‘sin’ themselves as any gay or trans person, like to jump up and down and point fingers at what other people are up to in their own lives.”
― Christina Engela, Pearls Before Swine

“If I’ve created this road, it’s likely that my agendas define it. And although I believe the ascent to be lofty, it’s anything but the ‘higher road’ that I pretend it to be. However, if God’s truth’s define it, there is no road that is higher and there’s no pretending that it’s not.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“True service is possible only when the self-conscious individual loses his egoistic sense of 'actorship' by merging his self-interest in the common weal and welfare of the world. Now his life-interest is identical with the interest of all. This exalted humility can be achieved by realizing the eternal fact that an omnipotent power, which is inherent in all creatures and beings, is actuating the individual life and all its actions.

Humility leads to self-surrender, i.e., an attitude of submission to the will and purpose of God, who is the source of infinite power that controls all the movements in the universe.”
― Swami Ramdas, The Essential Swami Ramdas

“Out of the travails through which the world is passing, a new order is bound to emerge based on a knowledge of the universal Spirit. But this cannot be achieved by the efforts of politicians, diplomats, and administrators whose vision is warped by narrow considerations of personal, national, and racial self-interest. The transformation can be brought about only by divinely inspired saints and sages who have experienced the universal vision of Truth or God, who are perfectly selfless and whose hearts are ever filled with love for all.

(...)

International conflicts, religious wrangles, social injustices, economic exploitations, and political tyrannies are all found, in the ultimate analysis, to spring from selfishness born of the failure to realize the unity and universality of the Spirit.”
― Swami Ramdas, The Essential Swami Ramdas

“Self-surrender means that we throw the whole burden of life, our anxieties and sorrows on the Supreme Lord who is the Master of all and keep our mind filled with calmness and peace that comes from His constant remembrance.

Cling to the Lord in all situations. Do not worry about anything. thing. Have complete trust in God. Give up all superstitious notions. Do not mind the opinions of the world about you. Court the society of pure and noble souls. Whenever changes come in your life, take them that they come by God's will alone. Take to the changes naturally and cheerfully.
We are ever under God's care and protection. We are never forsaken. God is all love. We have doubts about this because we are not conscious of His love. Let us know once and for all that He is our sole refuge.”
― Swami Ramdas, The Essential Swami Ramdas

“You always find God in the details, but only when you have time.”
― Giedra Radvilavičiūtė, Those Whom I Would Like to Meet Again

“At the start of Creation
There was a dark without origin,
At the breaking of Creation
There is fire without end...”
― Rabindranath Tagore, Selected Poems

“What is it that we seek through greed if it isn't the abandonment of our souls?”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“God is busy with other life forms. Humans believe in him some form or other & hating each others shall keeps God Alive on Earth”
― Talees Rizvi, 21 Day Target and Achievement Planner [Use Only Printed Work Book: LIFE IS SIMPLE HENCE SIMPLE WORKBOOK

“Writing the story of my life limits the whole of its storyline to this single, solitary vantage point from which I survey the world. So, why wouldn’t I want it written by the God who not only sits at every vantage point in all of existence, but Who was also the One that brought everyone of them into existence?”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

