“ The Paradoxical Commandments

People are illogical, unreasonable, and self-centered.
Love them anyway.

If you do good, people will accuse you of selfish ulterior motives.
Do good anyway.

If you are successful, you will win false friends and true enemies.
Succeed anyway.

The good you do today will be forgotten tomorrow.
Do good anyway.

Honesty and frankness make you vulnerable.
Be honest and frank anyway.

The biggest men and women with the biggest ideas can be shot down by the smallest men and women with the smallest minds.
Think big anyway.

People favor underdogs but follow only top dogs.
Fight for a few underdogs anyway.

What you spend years building may be destroyed overnight.
Build anyway.

People really need help but may attack you if you do help them.
Help people anyway.

Give the world the best you have and you'll get kicked in the teeth.
Give the world the best you have anyway.”
― Kent M. Keith, The Silent Revolution: Dynamic Leadership in the Student Council

“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.”
― Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land

“Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.”
― Marthe Troly-Curtin, Phrynette Married

“It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Diary

“Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.”
― Ernest Hemingway, The Garden of Eden

“The Seven Social Sins are:

Wealth without work.
Pleasure without conscience.
Knowledge without character.
Commerce without morality.
Science without humanity.
Worship without sacrifice.
Politics without principle.


From a sermon given by Frederick Lewis Donaldson in Westminster Abbey, London, on March 20, 1925.”
― Frederick Lewis Donaldson

“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.”
― Albert Camus

“There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.”
― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower

“Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.”
― Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.”
― Dalai Lama XIV

“Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.”
― John Lennon

“Promise Yourself

To be so strong that nothing
can disturb your peace of mind.
To talk health, happiness, and prosperity
to every person you meet.

To make all your friends feel
that there is something in them
To look at the sunny side of everything
and make your optimism come true.

To think only the best, to work only for the best,
and to expect only the best.
To be just as enthusiastic about the success of others
as you are about your own.

To forget the mistakes of the past
and press on to the greater achievements of the future.
To wear a cheerful countenance at all times
and give every living creature you meet a smile.

To give so much time to the improvement of yourself
that you have no time to criticize others.
To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,
and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.

To think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world,
not in loud words but great deeds.
To live in faith that the whole world is on your side
so long as you are true to the best that is in you.”
― Christian D. Larson, Your Forces and How to Use Them

“If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien

“They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.”
― Tom Bodett

“The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.”
― Audrey Hepburn

“Happiness is a warm puppy.”
― Charles M. Schulz

“You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.”
― Jonathan Safran Foer

“It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.”
― Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People

“No medicine cures what happiness cannot.”
― Gabriel García Márquez

“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.”
― George Burns

“Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.”
― Marcel Proust

“The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters

“Hope
Smiles from the threshold of the year to come,
Whispering 'it will be happier'...”
― Alfred Lord Tennyson

“You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes".”
― Lauren Oliver, Delirium

“Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.”
― Bertrand Russell, The Conquest of Happiness

“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.”
― Mark Twain

“Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery—air, mountains, trees, people. I thought, "This is what it is to be happy.”
― Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar

“Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it. You must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get”
― W. P. Kinsella

“I've got nothing to do today but smile.”
― Simon and Garfunkel

“Happiness [is] only real when shared”
― Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild

“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.
If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“It's been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.”
― Lucy Maud Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables

“The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.”
― Bette Midler

“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.”
― Ayn Rand

“It's like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story.”
― Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

“Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world.”
― Orhan Pamuk, Snow

“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy
Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.”
― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower

“When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.”
― J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan

“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.”
― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations

“I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

“All happiness depends on courage and work.”
― Honoré de Balzac

“I'm happy. Which often looks like crazy.”
― David Henry Hwang, M. Butterfly

“The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.”
― Mark Twain

“Man only likes to count his troubles; he doesn't calculate his happiness.”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead

“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.”
― Mother Teresa

“I think and think and think, I‘ve thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.”
― Jonathan Safran Foer

“The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?”
― Hunter S. Thompson

“Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.”
― George Washington Burnap, The Sphere and Duties of Woman: A Course of Lectures

“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“And hand in hand, on the edge of the sand,
They danced by the light of the moon.”
― Edward Lear, The Owl and the Pussycat

“Happiness quite unshared can scarcely be called happiness; it has no taste.”
― Charlotte Bronte

“It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald

“I'd far rather be happy than right any day.”
― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

“One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.”
― Rita Mae Brown

“I felt once more how simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. Nothing else.”
― Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek

“I know that's what people say-- you'll get over it. I'd say it, too. But I know it's not true. Oh, youll be happy again, never fear. But you won't forget. Every time you fall in love it will be because something in the man reminds you of him.”
― Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn

“Happiness depends upon ourselves.”
― Aristotle

“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.”
― Guillaume Apollinaire

“Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it”
― Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning

“People like to say love is unconditional, but it's not, and even if it was unconditional, it's still never free. There's always an expectation attached. They always want something in return. Like they want you to be happy or whatever and that makes you automatically responsible for their happiness because they won't be happy unless you are ... I just don't want that responsibility.”
― Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility

“Actual happiness always looks pretty squalid in comparison with the overcompensations for misery. And, of course, stability isn't nearly so spectacular as instability. And being contented has none of the glamour of a good fight against misfortune, none of the picturesqueness of a struggle with temptation, or a fatal overthrow by passion or doubt. Happiness is never grand.”
― Aldous Huxley, Brave New World

“Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.”
― Robert Frost

“I do not miss childhood, but I miss the way I took pleasure in small things, even as greater things crumbled. I could not control the world I was in, could not walk away from things or people or moments that hurt, but I took joy in the things that made me happy.”
― Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane

“True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing. The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.”
― Seneca

“I am the happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so before, but not one with such justice. I am happier even than Jane; she only smiles, I laugh.”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

“With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.”
― William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice

“Generally speaking, the most miserable people I know are those who are obsessed with themselves; the happiest people I know are those who lose themselves in the service of others...By and large, I have come to see that if we complain about life, it is because we are thinking only of ourselves.”
― Gordon B. Hinckley

“Part of the problem with the word 'disabilities' is that it immediately suggests an inability to see or hear or walk or do other things that many of us take for granted. But what of people who can't feel? Or talk about their feelings? Or manage their feelings in constructive ways? What of people who aren't able to form close and strong relationships? And people who cannot find fulfillment in their lives, or those who have lost hope, who live in disappointment and bitterness and find in life no joy, no love? These, it seems to me, are the real disabilities.”
― Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember

“There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“What, if some day or night a demon were to steal after you into your loneliest loneliness and say to you: 'This life as you now live it and have lived it, you will have to live once more and innumerable times more' ... Would you not throw yourself down and gnash your teeth and curse the demon who spoke thus? Or have you once experienced a tremendous moment when you would have answered him: 'You are a god and never have I heard anything more divine.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science

“A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one's neighbor — such is my idea of happiness.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness

“Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.”
― Aristotle

“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Name one hero who was happy."
I considered. Heracles went mad and killed his family; Theseus lost his bride and father; Jason's children and new wife were murdered by his old; Bellerophon killed the Chimera but was crippled by the fall from Pegasus' back.
"You can't." He was sitting up now, leaning forward.
"I can't."
"I know. They never let you be famous AND happy." He lifted an eyebrow. "I'll tell you a secret."
"Tell me." I loved it when he was like this.
"I'm going to be the first." He took my palm and held it to his. "Swear it."
"Why me?"
"Because you're the reason. Swear it."
"I swear it," I said, lost in the high color of his cheeks, the flame in his eyes.
"I swear it," he echoed.
We sat like that a moment, hands touching. He grinned.
"I feel like I could eat the world raw.”
― Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles

“There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I don’t know what’s worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what you’ve always wanted to be, and feel alone.”
― Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon

“Happily ever after, or even just together ever after, is not cheesy,” Wren said. “It’s the noblest, like, the most courageous thing two people can shoot for.”
― Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl

“Ester asked why people are sad.
"That’s simple," says the old man. "They are the prisoners of their personal history. Everyone believes that the main aim in life is to follow a plan. They never ask if that plan is theirs or if it was created by another person. They accumulate experiences, memories, things, other people's ideas, and it is more than they can possibly cope with. And that is why they forget their dreams.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Zahir

“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Maybe the truth is, there's a little bit of loser in all of us. Being happy isn't having everything in your life be perfect. Maybe it's about stringing together all the little things.”
― Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants

“Happiness is an accident of nature, a beautiful and flawless aberration.”
― Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline

“Those who are not looking for happiness are the most likely to find it, because those who are searching forget that the surest way to be happy is to seek happiness for others.”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“There are two ways to get enough. One is to continue to accumulate more and more. The other is to desire less.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“Sadness gives depth. Happiness gives height. Sadness gives roots. Happiness gives branches. Happiness is like a tree going into the sky, and sadness is like the roots going down into the womb of the earth. Both are needed, and the higher a tree goes, the deeper it goes, simultaneously. The bigger the tree, the bigger will be its roots. In fact, it is always in proportion. That's its balance.”
― Osho Rajneesh, Everyday Osho: 365 Daily Meditations for the Here and Now

“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“We don’t even ask happiness, just a little less pain.”
― Charles Bukowski

“The secret of happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage.”
― Carrie Jones, Need

“The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count.”
― Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places

“Whoever is happy will make others happy.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“I'm choosing happiness over suffering, I know I am. I'm making space for the unknown future to fill up my life with yet-to-come surprises.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“This planet has - or rather had - a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movement of small green pieces of paper, which was odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.”
― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

“It is the very mark of the spirit of rebellion to crave for happiness in this life”
― Henrik Ibsen, Ghosts

“You’ll learn, as you get older, that rules are made to be broken. Be bold enough to live life on your terms, and never, ever apologize for it. Go against the grain, refuse to conform, take the road less traveled instead of the well-beaten path. Laugh in the face of adversity, and leap before you look. Dance as though EVERYBODY is watching. March to the beat of your own drummer. And stubbornly refuse to fit in.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens”
― Tony DeLiso, Legacy: The Power Within

“Laughter is poison to fear.”
― George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones

“I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I have a million things to talk to you about. All I want in this world is you. I want to see you and talk. I want the two of us to begin everything from the beginning.”
― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood

“I think happiness is what makes you pretty. Period. Happy people are beautiful. They become like a mirror and they reflect that happiness.”
― Drew Barrymore

“After all, what is happiness? Love, they tell me. But love doesn't bring and never has brought happiness. On the contrary, it's a constant state of anxiety, a battlefield; it's sleepless nights, asking ourselves all the time if we're doing the right thing. Real love is composed of ecstasy and agony.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Witch of Portobello

“People are unhappy when they get something too easily. You have to sweat--that's the only moral they know.”
― Dany Laferrière, I am a Japanese Writer

“I have no faith in human perfectibility. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.”
― Edgar Allan Poe

“A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“A mathematical formula for happiness:Reality divided by Expectations.There were two ways to be happy:improve your reality or lower your expectations.”
― Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes

“Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness. If, in our heart, we still cling to anything - anger, anxiety, or possessions - we cannot be free.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation

“You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind.”
― Daphne Du Maurier, Rebecca

“Happiness is not a goal...it's a by-product of a life well lived.”
― Eleanor Roosevelt

“Children are happy because they don't have a file in their minds called "All the Things That Could Go Wrong.”
― Marianne Williamson

“I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.”
― Groucho Marx, The Essential Groucho: Writings For By And About Groucho Marx

“Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,
it is still a beautiful world.
Be cheerful.
Strive to be happy.”
― Max Ehrmann, Desiderata: A Poem for a Way of Life

“Don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely.”
― Louisa May Alcott

“Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ”
― William James

“Ah, what happiness it is to be with people who are all happy, to press hands, press cheeks, smile into eyes.”
― Katherine Mansfield

“And I can't be running back and fourth forever between grief and high delight.”
― J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey

“A thing of beauty is a joy forever.”
― John Keats, Endymion: A Poetic Romance

“That's the difference between me and the rest of the world! Happiness isn't good enough for me! I demand euphoria!”
― Bill Watterson, Weirdos From Another Planet: Calvin & Hobbes Series: Book Six: A Calvin and Hobbes Collection

“The greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances.”
― Martha Washington

“What can I do with my happiness? How can I keep it, conceal it, bury it where I may never lose it? I want to kneel as it falls over me like rain, gather it up with lace and silk, and press it over myself again.”
― Anais Nin, Henry & June

“Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.”
― Epictetus

“It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,”
― Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations

“I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.”
― Audrey Hepburn

“Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself in your way of thinking.”
― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations

“The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before. That's the deal.”
― C.S. Lewis

“I don't think that there are any limits to how excellent we could make life seem.”
― Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated

“I am very happy
Because I have conquered myself
And not the world.
I am very happy
Because I have loved the world
And not myself.”
― Sri Chinmoy

“I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow, than a man swear he loves me.”
― William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing

“It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched for they are full of the truthless ideal which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real, they are bruised and wounded. It looks as if they were victims of a conspiracy; for the books they read, ideal by the necessity of selection, and the conversation of their elders, who look back upon the past through a rosy haze of forgetfulness, prepare them for an unreal life. They must discover for themselves that all they have read and all they have been told are lies, lies, lies; and each discovery is another nail driven into the body on the cross of life.”
― W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage

“If only we'd stop trying to be happy, we could have a pretty good time.”
― Edith Wharton

“I'm a kind of paranoiac in reverse. I suspect people of plotting to make me happy.”
― J.D. Salinger, Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters & Seymour: An Introduction

“I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The sense of unhappiness is so much easier to convey than that of happiness. In misery we seem aware of our own existence, even though it may be in the form of a monstrous egotism: this pain of mine is individual, this nerve that winces belongs to me and to no other. But happiness annihilates us: we lose our identity.”
― Graham Greene, The End of the Affair

“I am a happy camper so I guess I’m doing something right. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.”
― J. Richard Lessor

“Let us dance in the sun, wearing wild flowers in our hair...”
― susan polis schutz

“The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist; a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain.”
― Ursula K. LeGuin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas

“Happiness consists in frequent repetition of pleasure”
― Arthur Schopenhauer

“This life is yours. Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well. Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly. Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature. Take the power to control your own life. No one else can do it for you. Take the power to make your life happy.”
― Susan Polis Schutz

“I've always thought people would find a lot more pleasure in their routines if they burst into song at significant moments.”
― John Barrowman

“It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. Without God people only succeed in bringing out the worst in one another. Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing else. Without a central loyalty life is unfinished.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary

“Happiness. It was the place where passion, with all its dazzle and drumbeat, met something softer: homecoming and safety and pure sunbeam comfort. It was all those things, intertwined with the heat and the thrill, and it was as bright within her as a swallowed star.”
― Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone

“No one should ever ask themselves that: why am I unhappy? The question carries within it the virus that will destroy everything. If we ask that question, it means we want to find out what makes us happy. If what makes us happy is different from what we have now, then we must either change once and for all or stay as we are, feeling even more unhappy.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Zahir

“Life is not a PG feel-good movie. Real life often ends badly. Literature tries to document this reality, while showing us it is still possible for us to endure nobly.”
― Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook

“Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.”
― Daisaku Ikeda

“Happiness is a risk. If you’re not a little scared, then you’re not doing it right.”
― Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper

“The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.”
― Oprah Winfrey

“And therein lies the whole of man's plight. Human time does not turn in a circle; it runs ahead in a straight line. That is why man cannot be happy: happiness is the longing for repetition.”
― Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being

“If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget there is such a thing as war. If the government is inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it. Peace, Montag. Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a sense of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“My happiness is not the means to any end. It is the end. It is its own goal. It is its own purpose.”
― Ayn Rand, Anthem

“The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“Why Not You?

Today, many will awaken with a fresh sense of inspiration. Why not you?

Today, many will open their eyes to the beauty that surrounds them. Why not you?

Today, many will choose to leave the ghost of yesterday behind and seize the immeasurable power of today. Why not you?

Today, many will break through the barriers of the past by looking at the blessings of the present. Why not you?

Today, for many the burden of self doubt and insecurity will be lifted by the security and confidence of empowerment. Why not you?

Today, many will rise above their believed limitations and make contact with their powerful innate strength. Why not you?

Today, many will choose to live in such a manner that they will be a positive role model for their children. Why not you?

Today, many will choose to free themselves from the personal imprisonment of their bad habits. Why not you?

Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you?

Today, many will find abundance in simplicity. Why not you?

Today, many will be confronted by difficult moral choices and they will choose to do what is right instead of what is beneficial. Why not you?

Today, many will decide to no longer sit back with a victim mentality, but to take charge of their lives and make positive changes. Why not you?

Today, many will take the action necessary to make a difference. Why not you?

Today, many will make the commitment to be a better mother, father, son, daughter, student, teacher, worker, boss, brother, sister, & so much more. Why not you?

Today is a new day!

Many will seize this day.

Many will live it to the fullest.

Why not you?”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“The belief that unhappiness is selfless and happiness is selfish is misguided. It's more selfless to act happy. It takes energy, generosity, and discipline to be unfailingly lighthearted, yet everyone takes the happy person for granted. No one is careful of his feelings or tries to keep his spirits high. He seems self-sufficient; he becomes a cushion for others. And because happiness seems unforced, that person usually gets no credit.”
― Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun

“Be believing, be happy, don't get discouraged. Things will work out.”
― Gordon B. Hinckley

“You cannot be with someone just because you don’t want to hurt him. You have your own happiness to think about.”
― Melissa de la Cruz, The Van Alen Legacy

“All who joy would win
Must share it -- Happiness was born a twin.”
― George Gordon Byron, Don Juan

“Sometimes you break your heart in the right way, if you know what I mean.”
― Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram

“All I ask is one thing, and I’m asking this particularly of young people: please don’t be cynical. I hate cynicism, for the record, it’s my least favorite quality and it doesn’t lead anywhere. Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.”
― Conan O'Brien

“those who do not know how to see the precious things in life will never be happy.”
― Alex Flinn, Beastly

“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre

“If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.”
― Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness

“We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.”
― Anne Frank

“It is a curious thing, but as one travels the world getting older and older, it appears that happiness is easier to get used to than despair. The second time you have a root beer float, for instance, your happiness at sipping the delicious concoction may not be quite as enormous as when you first had a root beer float, and the twelfth time your happiness may be still less enormous, until root beer floats begin to offer you very little happiness at all, because you have become used to the taste of vanilla ice cream and root beer mixed together. However, the second time you find a thumbtack in your root beer float, your despair is much greater than the first time, when you dismissed the thumbtack as a freak accident rather than part of the scheme of a soda jerk, a phrase which here means "ice cream shop employee who is trying to injure your tongue," and by the twelfth time you find a thumbtack, your despair is even greater still, until you can hardly utter the phrase "root beer float" without bursting into tears. It is almost as if happiness is an acquired taste, like coconut cordial or ceviche, to which you can eventually become accustomed, but despair is something surprising each time you encounter it.”
― Lemony Snicket, The End

“Success is getting what you want..
Happiness is wanting what you get.”
― Dale Carnegie

“Happy girls are the prettiest”
― Audrey Hepburn

“Happiness. Simple as a glass of chocolate or tortuous as the heart. Bitter. Sweet. Alive.”
― Joanne Harris, Chocolat

“When you find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who calls you back when you hang up on him, who will stand in front of you when other’s cast stones, or will stay awake just to watch you sleep, who wants to show you off to the world when you are in sweats, who will hold your hand when your sick, who thinks your pretty without makeup, the one who turns to his friends and say, ‘that’s her’, the one that would bear your rejection because losing you means losing his will to live, who kisses you when you screw up, watches the stars and names one for you and will hold and rock that baby for hours so you can sleep…..you marry him all over again.”
― Shannon Alder

“It is sometimes easier to be happy if you don't know everything.”
― Alexander McCall Smith, Morality for Beautiful Girls

“Certainly the most destructive vice if you like, that a person can have. More than pride, which is supposedly the number one of the cardinal sins - is self pity. Self pity is the worst possible emotion anyone can have. And the most destructive. It is, to slightly paraphrase what Wilde said about hatred, and I think actually hatred's a subset of self pity and not the other way around - ' It destroys everything around it, except itself '.

Self pity will destroy relationships, it'll destroy anything that's good, it will fulfill all the prophecies it makes and leave only itself. And it's so simple to imagine that one is hard done by, and that things are unfair, and that one is underappreciated, and that if only one had had a chance at this, only one had had a chance at that, things would have gone better, you would be happier if only this, that one is unlucky. All those things. And some of them may well even be true. But, to pity oneself as a result of them is to do oneself an enormous disservice.

I think it's one of things we find unattractive about the american culture, a culture which I find mostly, extremely attractive, and I like americans and I love being in america. But, just occasionally there will be some example of the absolutely ravening self pity that they are capable of, and you see it in their talk shows. It's an appalling spectacle, and it's so self destructive. I almost once wanted to publish a self help book saying 'How To Be Happy by Stephen Fry : Guaranteed success'. And people buy this huge book and it's all blank pages, and the first page would just say - ' Stop Feeling Sorry For Yourself - And you will be happy '. Use the rest of the book to write down your interesting thoughts and drawings, and that's what the book would be, and it would be true. And it sounds like 'Oh that's so simple', because it's not simple to stop feeling sorry for yourself, it's bloody hard. Because we do feel sorry for ourselves, it's what Genesis is all about.”
― Stephen Fry

“There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power or our will. ”
― Epictetus

“There are as many styles of beauty as there are visions of happiness.”
― Stendhal, Love

“There you go...let it all slide out. Unhappiness can't stick in a person's soul when it's slick with tears.”
― Shannon Hale, Princess Academy

“We buy things we don't need with money we don't have to impress people we don't like.”
― Dave Ramsey, The Total Money Makeover: A Proven Plan for Financial Fitness

“Wait a second," Four says. I turn toward him, wondering which version of Four I'll see now-the one who scolds me, or the one who climbs Ferris wheels with me. He smiles a little, but the smile doesn't spread to his eyes, which look less tense and worried.

"You belong here, you know that?" he says. "You belong with us. It'll be over soon, so just hold on, okay?"

He scratches behind his ear and looks away, like he's embarrassed by what he said.

I stare at him. I feel my heartbeat everywhere, even in my toes. I feel like doing something bold, but I could just as easily walk away. I am not sure which option is smarter, or better. I am not sure that I care.

I reach out and take his hand. His fingers slide between mine. I can't breathe.

I stare up at him, and he stares down at me. For a long moment, we stay that way. Then I pull my hand away and run after Uriah and Lynn and Marlene. Maybe now he thinks I'm stupid, or strange. Maybe it was worth it.”
― Veronica Roth, Divergent

“You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.”
― Mary Tyler Moore

“They've got no idea what happiness is, they don't know that without this love there is no happiness or unhappiness for us--there is no life.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting some on yourself.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Woman is not made to be the admiration of all, but the happiness of one.”
― Edmund Burke

“My God, a moment of bliss. Why, isn't that enough for a whole lifetime?”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky, White Nights

“Love is too precious to be ashamed of.”
― Laurell K. Hamilton, A Stroke of Midnight

“Happiness was but the occasional episode in a general drama of pain.”
― Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge

“One swallow does not make a summer, neither does one fine day; similarly one day or brief time of happiness does not make a person entirely happy.”
― Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics

“Pierre was right when he said that one must believe in the possibility of happiness in order to be happy, and I now believe in it. Let the dead bury the dead, but while I'm alive, I must live and be happy.”
― Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Just because you are happy it does not mean that the day is perfect but that you have looked beyond its imperfections”
― Bob Marley

“Money may not buy happiness, but I'd rather cry in a Jaguar than on a bus.”
― Françoise Sagan

“[F]or just one second, look at your life and see how perfect it is. Stop looking for the next secret door that is going to lead you to your real life. Stop waiting. This is it: there's nothing else. It's here, and you'd better decide to enjoy it or you're going to be miserable wherever you go, for the rest of your life, forever.”
― Lev Grossman, The Magicians

“Later she remembered all the hours of the afternoon as happy -- one of those uneventful times that seem at the moment only a link between past and future pleasure, but turn out to have been the pleasure itself.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender is the Night

“Everybody in the world is seeking happiness—and there is one sure way to find it. That is by controlling your thoughts. Happiness doesn't depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions.”
― Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People

“I am intrigued by the smile upon your face, and the sadness within your eyes”
― Jeremy Aldana

“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“We're all golden sunflowers inside.”
― allen ginsberg

“The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.”
― Carlos Castaneda

“Only the development of compassion and understanding for others can bring us the tranquility and happiness we all seek.”
― Dalai Lama XIV

“I don't understand the point of being together if you're not the happiest.”
― Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl

“Happy. Just in my swim shorts, barefooted, wild-haired, in the red fire dark, singing, swigging wine, spitting, jumping, running—that's the way to live. All alone and free in the soft sands of the beach by the sigh of the sea out there, with the Ma-Wink fallopian virgin warm stars reflecting on the outer channel fluid belly waters. And if your cans are redhot and you can't hold them in your hands, just use good old railroad gloves, that's all.”
― Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums

“When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you.”
― Stephen Richards

“Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.”
― Mark Twain, Notebook

“Feathers filled the small room. Our laughter kept the feathers in the air. I thought about birds. Could they fly if there wasn't someone, somewhere, laughing?”
― Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close

“Ever since happiness heard your name, it has been running through the streets trying to find you.”
― Hafez

“You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestation of your own blessings.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert

“People wait around too long for love. I'm happy with all of my lusts!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Memory is the happiness of being alone.”
― Lois Lowry, Anastasia Krupnik

“It is a happiness to wonder; -- it is a happiness to dream.”
― Edgar Allan Poe, Complete Stories and Poems

“Listen to what is being preached today. Look at everyone around us. You've wondered why they suffer, why they seek happiness and never find it. If any man stopped and asked himself whether he's ever held a truly personal desire, he'd find the answer. He'd see that all his wishes, his efforts, his dreams, his ambitions are motivated by other men. He's not really struggling even for material wealth, but for the second-hander's delusion - prestige. A stamp of approval, not his own. He can find no joy in the struggle and no joy when he has succeeded. He can't say about a single thing: 'This is what I wanted because I wanted it, not because it made my neighbors gape at me'. Then he wonders why he's unhappy.”
― Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead

“There are two ways to be happy: improve your reality, or lower your expectations.”
― Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes

“Happiness depends on being free, and freedom depends on being courageous.”
― Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Curse

“Maybe happiness didn't have to be about the big, sweeping circumstances, about having everything in your life in place. Maybe it was about stringing together a bunch of small pleasures. Wearing slippers and watching the Miss Universe contest. Eating a brownie with vanilla ice cream. Getting to level seven in Dragon Master and knowing there were twenty more levels to go.

Maybe happiness was just a matter of the little upticks- the traffic signal that said "Walk" the second you go there- and downticks- the itch tag at the back of your collar- that happened to every person in the course of the day. Maybe everybody had the same allotted measure of happiness within each day.

maybe it didn't matter if you were a world-famous heartthrob or a painful geek. Maybe it didn't matter if your friend was possibly dying.

Maybe you just got through it. Maybe that was all you could ask for.”
― Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants

“Is anyone anywhere happy?”
― Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath

“You must be the best judge of your own happiness.”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“People tend to think that happiness is a stroke of luck, something that will descend like fine weather if you're fortunate. But happiness is the result of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert

“There is no beauty in sadness. No honor in suffering. No growth in fear. No relief in hate. It’s just a waste of perfectly good happiness.”
― Katerina Stoykova Klemer

“Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but from what we give.”
― Ben Carson

“The foundation of irreligious criticism is: Man makes religion, religion does not make man. Religion is, indeed, the self-consciousness and self-esteem of man who has either not yet won through to himself, or has already lost himself again. But man is no abstract being squatting outside the world. Man is the world of man – state, society. This state and this society produce religion, which is an inverted consciousness of the world, because they are an inverted world...

Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.

The abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is the demand for their real happiness. To call on them to give up their illusions about their condition is to call on them to give up a condition that requires illusions. The criticism of religion is, therefore, in embryo, the criticism of that vale of tears of which religion is the halo.

Criticism has plucked the imaginary flowers on the chain not in order that man shall continue to bear that chain without fantasy or consolation, but so that he shall throw off the chain and pluck the living flower. The criticism of religion disillusions man, so that he will think, act, and fashion his reality like a man who has discarded his illusions and regained his senses, so that he will move around himself as his own true Sun. Religion is only the illusory Sun which revolves around man as long as he does not revolve around himself.”
― Karl Marx, Critique of Hegel's Philosophy of Right

“But maybe happiness isn't in the choosing. Maybe it's in the fiction, in the pretending: that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along.”
― Lauren Oliver, Requiem

“it is impossible to build one's own happiness on the unhappiness of others. This perspective is at the heart of Buddhist teachings.”
― Daisaku Ikeda

“Expectations make people miserable, so whatever yours are, lower them. You'll definitely be happier.”
― Simone Elkeles, How to Ruin Your Boyfriend's Reputation

“Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.”
― Leo Tolstoy

“Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.”
― Andy Rooney

“Many people think excitement is happiness.... But when you are excited you are not peaceful. True happiness is based on peace.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Power

“I don't know what good it is to know so much and be smart as whips and all if it doesn't make you happy.”
― J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey

“It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy. ”
― Lucille Ball

“Dance. Smile. Giggle. Marvel. TRUST. HOPE. LOVE. WISH. BELIEVE. Most of all, enjoy every moment of the journey, and appreciate where you are at this moment instead of always focusing on how far you have to go.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“Humanity does not ask us to be happy. It merely asks us to be brilliant on its behalf.”
― Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game

“Art is unquestionably one of the purest and highest elements in human happiness. It trains the mind through the eye, and the eye through the mind. As the sun colors flowers, so does art color life.”
― John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life

“But what was there to say?

Only that there were tears. Only that Quietness and Emptiness fitted together like stacked spoons. Only that there was a snuffling in the hollows at the base of a lovely throat. Only that a hard honey-colored shoulder had a semicircle of teethmarks on it. Only that they held each other close, long after it was over. Only that what they shared that night was not happiness, but hideous grief.

Only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how. And how much.”
― Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things

“Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.”
― Aldous Huxley

“If you have any young friends who aspire to become writers, the second greatest favor you can do them is to present them with copies of The Elements of Style. The first greatest, of course, is to shoot them now, while they’re happy.”
― Dorothy Parker

“The capacity to be alone is the capacity to love. It may look paradoxical to you, but it's not. It is an existential truth: only those people who are capable of being alone are capable of love, of sharing, of going into the deepest core of another person--without possessing the other, without becoming dependent on the other, without reducing the other to a thing, and without becoming addicted to the other. They allow the other absolute freedom, because they know that if the other leaves, they will be as happy as they are now. Their happiness cannot be taken by the other, because it is not given by the other.”
― Osho

“The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it. (21)”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life

“Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.”
― Wil Zeus, Sun Beyond the Clouds

“The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.”
― James Matthew Barrie

“To be stupid, and selfish, and to have good health are the three requirements for happiness - though if stupidity is lacking, the others are useless.”
― Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot

“Because children grow up, we think a child's purpose is to grow up. But a child's purpose is to be a child. Nature doesn't disdain what lives only for a day. It pours the whole of itself into the each moment. We don't value the lily less for not being made of flint and built to last. Life's bounty is in its flow, later is too late. Where is the song when it's been sung? The dance when it's been danced? It's only we humans who want to own the future, too. We persuade ourselves that the universe is modestly employed in unfolding our destination. We note the haphazard chaos of history by the day, by the hour, but there is something wrong with the picture. Where is the unity, the meaning, of nature's highest creation? Surely those millions of little streams of accident and wilfulness have their correction in the vast underground river which, without a doubt, is carrying us to the place where we're expected! But there is no such place, that's why it's called utopia. The death of a child has no more meaning than the death of armies, of nations. Was the child happy while he lived? That is a proper question, the only question. If we can't arrange our own happiness, it's a conceit beyond vulgarity to arrange the happiness of those who come after us.”
― Tom Stoppard, The Coast of Utopia

“That’s how stories happen — with a turning point, an unexpected twist. There’s only one kind of happiness, but misfortune comes in all shapes and sizes. It’s like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story.”
― Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

“When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“So he tasted the deep pain that is reserved only for the strong, just as he had tasted for a little while the deep happiness.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, All the Sad Young Men

“Singing in the rain. I'm singing in the rain. And it's such a fucking glorious feeling. An unexpected downpour and I am just giving myself into it. Because what the fuck else can you do? Run for cover? Shriek and curse? No--when the rain falls you just let it fall and you grin like a madman and you dance with it because if you can make yourself happy in the rain, then you're doing pretty alright in life.”
― David Levithan, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist

“These... things, householder, are welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world:

Long life is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.

Beauty is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.

Happiness is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.

Status is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.

...Now, I tell you, these... things are not to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes. If they were to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes, who here would lack them? It's not fitting for the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life to pray for it or to delight in doing so. Instead, the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life should follow the path of practice leading to long life. In so doing, he will attain long life...

[Ittha Sutta, AN 5.43]”
― Buddha

“The great source of both the misery and disorders of human life, seems to arise from over-rating the difference between one permanent situation and another. Avarice over-rates the difference between poverty and riches: ambition, that between a private and a public station: vain-glory, that between obscurity and extensive reputation. The person under the influence of any of those extravagant passions, is not only miserable in his actual situation, but is often disposed to disturb the peace of society, in order to arrive at that which he so foolishly admires. The slightest observation, however, might satisfy him, that, in all the ordinary situations of human life, a well-disposed mind may be equally calm, equally cheerful, and equally contented. Some of those situations may, no doubt, deserve to be preferred to others: but none of them can deserve to be pursued with that passionate ardour which drives us to violate the rules either of prudence or of justice; or to corrupt the future tranquillity of our minds, either by shame from the remembrance of our own folly, or by remorse from the horror of our own injustice.”
― Adam Smith, The Theory of Moral Sentiments

“Happiness, you see, its just an illusion of Fate, a heavenly sleight of hand designed to make you believe in fairy tales. But there's no happily ever after. You'll only find happy endings in books. Some books.”
― Ellen Hopkins

“I am not good at noticing when I'm happy, except in retrospect.”
― Tana French, In the Woods

“Life is painful. It has thorns, like the stem of a rose. Culture and art are the roses that bloom on the stem. The flower is yourself, your humanity. Art is the liberation of the humanity inside yourself.”
― Daisaku Ikeda

“The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance. The wise grows it under his feet.”
― James Oppenheim

“When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“If I had a camera," I said, "I'd take a picture of you every day. That way I'd remember how you looked every single day of your life."

"I look exactly the same."

"No, you don't. You're changing all the time. Every day a tiny bit. If I could, I'd keep a record of it all."

"If you're so smart, how did I change today?"

"You got a fraction of a millimeter taller, for one thing. Your hair grew a fraction of a millimeter longer. And your breasts grew a fraction of a—"

"They did not!"

"Yes, they did."

"Did NOT."

"Did too."

"What else, you big pig?"

"You got a little happier and also a little sadder."

"Meaning they cancel out each other, leaving me exactly the same."

"Not at all. The fact that you got a little happier today doesn't change the fact that you also become a little sadder. Every day you become a little more of both, which means that right now, at this exact moment, you're the happiest and the saddest you've ever been in your whole life."

"How do you know?"

"Think about it. Have you ever been happier or sadder than right now, lying here in this grass?"

"I guess not. No."

"And have you ever been sadder?"

"No."

"It isn't like that for everyone, you know. Some people[...]"

"What about you? Are you the happiest and saddest right now that you've ever
been?"

"Of course I am."

"Why?"

"Because nothing makes me happier and nothing makes me sadder than you.”
― Nicole Krauss, The History of Love

“Perfect love casts out fear. Where there is love there are no demands, no expectations, no dependency. I do not demand that you make me happy; my happiness does not lie in you. If you were to leave me, I will not feel sorry for myself; I enjoy your company immensely, but I do not cling.”
― Anthony de Mello, Awareness: A de Mello Spirituality Conference in His Own Words

“I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“right in this moment, I can´t even remember what unhappy feels like.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver

“We are not going to change the whole world, but we can change ourselves and feel free as birds. We can be serene even in the midst of calamities and, by our serenity, make others more tranquil. Serenity is contagious. If we smile at someone, he or she will smile back. And a smile costs nothing. We should plague everyone with joy. If we are to die in a minute, why not die happily, laughing? (136-137)”
― Sri S. Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras

“What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable.”
― Joseph Addison

“The true measure of success is how many times you can bounce back from failure.”
― Stephen Richards

“There are random moments - tossing a salad, coming up the driveway to the house, ironing the seams flat on a quilt square, standing at the kitchen window and looking out at the delphiniums, hearing a burst of laughter from one of my children's rooms - when I feel a wavelike rush of joy. This is my true religion: arbitrary moments of of nearly painful happiness for a life I feel privileged to lead.”
― Elizabeth Berg, The Art of Mending

“Can a person steal happiness? Or is just another internal, infernal human trick?”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.”
― Doris Mortman

“You don't ask people with knives in their stomachs what would make them happy; happiness is no longer the point. It's all about survival; it's all about whether you pull the knife out and bleed to death or keep it in...”
― Nick Hornby, How to Be Good

“There is a kind of happiness and wonder that makes you serious. It is too good to waste on jokes.”
― C.S. Lewis

“That’s life for you. All the happiness you gather to yourself, it will sweep away like it’s nothing. If you ask me I don’t think there are any such things as curses. I think there is only life. That’s enough.”
― Junot Diaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao

“Growing old is mandatory. Growing up is optional.”
― Chili Davis

“Happiness doesn't lie in conspicuous consumption and the relentless amassing of useless crap. Happiness lies in the person sitting beside you and your ability to talk to them. Happiness is clear-headed human interaction and empathy. Happiness is home. And home is not a house-home is a mythological conceit. It is a state of mind. A place of communion and unconditional love. It is where, when you cross its threshold, you finally feel at peace.”
― Dennis Lehane

“Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness. Unfortunately the happiness is there. There is always the chance (about eight hundred and fifty to one) that another heart will come to mine. I can't help hoping, and keeping faith, and loving beauty. Quite frequently I am not so miserable as it would be wise to be.”
― T.H. White, Ghostly, Grim and Gruesome

“What disturbs and depresses young people is the hunt for happiness on the firm assumption that it must be met with in life. From this arises constantly deluded hope and so also dissatisfaction. Deceptive images of a vague happiness hover before us in our dreams, and we search in vain for their original. Much would have been gained if, through timely advice and instruction, young people could have had eradicated from their minds the erroneous notion that the world has a great deal to offer them.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer

“Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.”
― Epictetus

“Maybe you think you’ll be entitled to more happiness later by forgoing all of it now, but it doesn’t work that way. Happiness takes as much practice as unhappiness does. It’s by living that you live more. By waiting you wait more. Every waiting day makes your life a little less. Every lonely day makes you a little smaller. Every day you put off your life makes you less capable of living it.”
― Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting

“My only regrets are the moments when i doubted myself and took the safe route. Life is too short to waste time being unhappy.”
― Dan Howell

“Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.”
― Aeschylus

“I think the saddest people always try their hardest to make people happy because they know what it’s like to feel absolutely worthless and they don’t want anyone else to feel like that.”
― Robin Williams

“Ô, Sunlight! The most precious gold to be found on Earth.”
― Roman Payne

“Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I was something that lay under the sun and felt it, like the pumpkins, and I did not want to be anything more. I was entirely happy. Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air, or goodness and knowledge. At any rate, that is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.”
― Willa Cather, My Ántonia

“Ahhh. Bed, book, kitten, sandwich. All one needed in life, really.”
― Jacqueline Kelly, The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate

“It was that impossible thing: happiness that does not wilt to reveal the thin shoots of some new desire rising from within it.”
― George Saunders, Tenth of December

“Happiness is like those palaces in fairytales whose gates are guarded by dragons: We must fight in order to conquer it.”
― Alexandre Dumas

“The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be.”
― Marcel Pagnol

“I shall take the heart. [...] For brains do not make one happy, and happiness is the best thing in the world.”
― L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz

“إن السعادة هي أن أشرب كوب شاي.. مع صديق.. في لحظة رضا.”
― محمد المخزنجي, البستان

“I may never be happy, but tonight I am content.”
― Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath

“For those who are poor in happiness, each time is a first time; happiness never becomes a habit.”
― Marilyn Monroe, My Story

“And I didn't choose it, Kat. I chose you.”
― Ally Carter, Heist Society

“I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives. I’m not talking about the short-term gratification of pleasures like sex, drugs or gambling (though I’m not knocking them), but something that will bring true and lasting happiness. The kind that sticks.”
― His Holiness the Dalai Lama

“Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.”
― H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy

“You, of all people, deserve a happy ending. Despite everything that happened to you, you aren't bitter. You aren't cold. You've just retreated a little and been shy, and that's okay. If I were a fairy godmother, I would give you your heart's desire in an istant. And I would wipe away your tears and tell you not to cry.

-Rachel to Julia”
― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno

“Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling”
― Tony DeLiso, Legacy: The Power Within

“To see and feel one's beloved naked for the first time is one of life's pure, irreducible epiphanies. If there is a true religion in the universe, it must include that truth of contact or be forever hollow. To make love to the one true person who deserves that love is one of the few absolute rewards of being a human being, balancing all of the pain, loss, awkwardness, loneliness, idiocy, compromise, and clumsiness that go with the human condition. To make love to the right person makes up for a lot of mistakes.”
― Dan Simmons, The Rise of Endymion

“It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.”
― Dale Carnegie

“To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.”
― Gustave Flaubert

“It is indisputable that the being whose capacities of enjoyment are low, has the greatest chance of having them fully satisfied; and a highly endowed being will always feel that any happiness which he can look for, as the world is constituted, is imperfect. But he can learn to bear its imperfections, if they are at all bearable; and they will not make him envy the being who is indeed unconscious of the imperfections, but only because he feels not at all the good which those imperfections qualify.

It is better to be a human being dissatisfied than a pig satisfied; better to be Socrates dissatisfied than a fool satisfied. And if the fool, or the pig, is of a different opinion, it is only because they only know their own side of the question.”
― John Stuart Mill, Utilitarianism

“Why? Why does what was beautiful suddenly shatter in hindsight because it concealed dark truths? Why does the memory of years of happy marriage turn to gall when our partner is revealed to have had a lover all those years? Because such a situation makes it impossible to be happy? But we were happy! Sometimes the memory of happiness cannot stay true because it ended unhappily. Because happiness is only real if it lasts forever? Because things always end painfully if they contained pain, conscious or unconscious, all along? But what is unconscious, unrecognized pain?”
― Bernhard Schlink, The Reader

“Happiness is the object and design of our existence; and will be the end thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it; and this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the commandments of God.”
― Joseph Smith

“There was a thing called Heaven; but all the same they used to drink enormous quantities of alcohol."
...
"There was a thing called the soul and a thing called immortality."
...
"But they used to take morphia and cocaine."
...
"Two thousand pharmacologists and biochemists were subsidized in A.F. 178."
...
"Six years later it was being produced commercially. The perfect drug."
...
"Euphoric, narcotic, pleasantly hallucinant."
...
"All the advantages of Christianity and alcohol; none of their defects."
...
"Take a holiday from reality whenever you like, and come back without so much as a headache or a mythology."
...
"Stability was practically assured.”
― Aldous Huxley, Brave New World

“My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.”
― Michael J. Fox

“dear today,

i spend all of you pretending i'm okay when i'm not, pretending i'm happy when i'm not, pretending about everything to everyone.”
― Nina LaCour, Hold Still

“In the end, the number of prayers we say may contribute to our happiness, but the number of prayers we answer may be of even greater importance.”
― Dieter F. Uchtdorf

“If you wish to be happy,Eragon, Think not of what is to come nor of that which you have no control over but rather of the now and that which you are able to change”
― Christopher Paolini, Brisingr

“Having a low opinion of yourself is not 'modesty.' It's self-destruction. Holding your uniqueness in high regard is not 'egotism.' It's a necessary precondition to happiness and success.”
― Bobbe Sommer

“The secret of happiness is to face the fact that the world is horrible, horrible, horrible.”
― Betrand Russell

“A woman laughing is a woman conquered.”
― Napoleon Bonaparte, In the Words of Napoleon: A Collection of Quotations of Napoleon Bonaparte

“Laughter is a sunbeam of the soul.”
― Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain

“The true measure of a man is how he treats you when others are not looking.”
― Alessandra Torre

“Beauty is the purest feeling of the soul. Beauty arises when soul is satisfied.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.”
― George Washington

“Sometimes we must undergo hardships, breakups, and narcissistic wounds, which shatter the flattering image that we had of ourselves, in order to discover two truths: that we are not who we thought we were; and that the loss of a cherished pleasure is not necessarily the loss of true happiness and well-being. (109)”
― Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity

“Of all the means to insure happiness throughout the whole life, by far the most important is the acquisition of friends.”
― Epicurus, A Guide To Happiness

“You have everything you need for complete peace and total happiness right now.”
― Wayne Dyer

“I think, that if the world were a bit more like ComicCon, it would be a better place.”
― Matt Smith

“Hide yourself in God, so when a man wants to find you he will have to go there first.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“You were already in a prison. You've been in a prison all your life. Happiness is a prison, Evey. Happiness is the most insidious prison of all. Your lover lived in the penitentiary that we are all born into, and was forced to rake the dregs of that world for his living. He knew affection and tenderness but only briefly. Eventually, one of the other inmates stabbed him with a cutlass and he drowned upon his own blood. Is that it, Evey? Is that the happiness worth more than freedom? It's not an uncommon story, Evey. Many convicts meet with miserable ends. Your mother. Your father. Your lover. One by one, taken out behind the chemical sheds... and shot. All convicts, hunched and deformed by the smallness of their cells, the weight of their chains, the unfairness of their sentences. I didn't put you in a prison, Evey. I just showed you the bars.'
'You're wrong! It's just life, that's all! It's just how life is. It's what we've got to put up with. It's all we've got. What gives you the right to decide it's not good enough?'
'You're in a prison, Evey. You were born in a prison. You've been in a prison so long, you no longer believe there's a world outside. That's because you're afraid, Evey. You're afraid because you can feel freedom closing in upon you. You're afraid because freedom is terrifying. Don't back away from it, Evey. Part of you understands the truth even as part pretends not to. You were in a cell, Evey. They offered you a choice between the death of your principles and the death of your body. You said you'd rather die. You faced the fear of your own death and you were calm and still. The door of the cage is open, Evey. All that you feel is the wind from outside.”
― Alan Moore, V for Vendetta

“Our way of thinking creates good or bad outcomes.”
― Stephen Richards

“Happiness only real when shared.”
― Christopher McCandless

“Those born to wealth, and who have the means of gratifying every wish, know not what is the real happiness of life, just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few frail planks can alone realize the blessings of fair weather.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“A flower blossoms for its own joy.”
― Oscar Wilde

“One is happy as a result of one's own efforts once one knows the necessary ingredients of happiness: simple tastes, a certain degree of courage, self denial to a point, love of work, and above all, a clear conscience.”
― George Sand

“Happiness is the most natural thing in the world when you have it, and the slowest, strangest, most impossible thing when you don't. It's like learning a foreign language: You can think about the words all you want, but you'll never be able to speak it until you suck up your courage and say them out loud.”
― Dan Wells, Partials

“If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing.”
― Melody Carstairs

“Happiness is excitement that has found a settling down place, but there is always a little corner that keeps flapping around.”
― E.L. Konigsburg, From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler

“Adrian tipped my face up toward his and kissed me. Like always, the world around me stopped moving. No, the world became Adrian, only Adrian. Kissing him was as mind-blowing as ever, full of that same passion and need I had never believed I’d feel. But today, there was even more to it. I no longer had any doubt about whether this was wrong or right. It was a culmination of a long journey . . . or maybe the beginning of one.

I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer. I didn’t care that we were out in public. I didn’t care that he was Moroi. All that mattered was that he was Adrian, my Adrian. My match. My partner in crime, in the long battle I’d just signed on for to right the wrongs in the Alchemist and Moroi worlds. Maybe Marcus was right that I’d also signed myself up for disaster, but I didn’t care. In that moment, it seemed that as long as Adrian and I were together, there was no challenge too great for us.

I don’t know how long we stood there kissing. Like I said, the world around me was gone. Time had stopped. I was awash in the feel of Adrian’s body against mine, in his scent, and in the taste of his lips. That was all that mattered right now.”
― Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell

“With my eyes closed, I would touch a familiar book and draw its fragrance deep inside me. This was enough to make me happy. ”
― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood

“Happiness and the absurd are two sons of the same earth. They are inseparable.”
― Albert Camus

“Anne was always glad in the happiness of her friends; but it is sometimes a little lonely to be surrounded everywhere by happiness that is not your own.”
― L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island

“I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve.”
― Albert Schweitzer

“Happiness is a myth. It was invented to make us buy new things.”
― Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram

“The more you talk about it, rehash it, rethink it, cross analyze it, debate it, respond to it, get paranoid about it, compete with it, complain about it, immortalize it, cry over it, kick it, defame it, stalk it, gossip about it, pray over it, put it down or dissect its motives it continues to rot in your brain. It is dead. It is over. It is gone. It is done. It is time to bury it because it is smelling up your life and no one wants to be near your rotted corpse of memories and decaying attitude. Be the funeral director of your life and bury that thing!”
― Shannon L. Alder

“The way I define happiness is being the creator of your experience, choosing to take pleasure in what you have, right now, regardless of the circumstances, while being the best you that you can be.”
― Leo Babauta

“Love yourself. Forgive yourself. Be true to yourself. How you treat yourself sets the standard for how others will treat you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.”
― Franklin D. Roosevelt

“We have to go. I'm almost happy here.”
― Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game

“Dear Human:
You've got it all wrong.

You didn't come here to master unconditional love. This is where you came from and where you'll return.

You came here to learn personal love.
Universal love.
Messy love.
Sweaty Love.
Crazy love.
Broken love.
Whole love.
Infused with divinity.
Lived through the grace of stumbling.
Demonstrated through the beauty of... messing up.
Often.

You didn't come here to be perfect, you already are.

You came here to be gorgeously human. Flawed and fabulous.

And rising again into remembering.

But unconditional love? Stop telling that story.

Love in truth doesn't need any adjectives.
It doesn't require modifiers.
It doesn't require the condition of perfection.

It only asks you to show up.
And do your best.
That you stay present and feel fully.
That you shine and fly and laugh and cry and hurt and heal and fall and get back up and play and work and live and die as YOU.

Its enough.

It's Plenty.”
― Courtney A. Walsh

“Really high-minded people are indifferent to happiness, especially other people's.”
― Bertrand Russell, The Impact of Science on Society

“It is almost as if happiness is an acquired taste, like coconut cordial or ceviche, to which you can eventually become accustomed, but despair is something surprising each time you encounter it.”
― Lemony Snicket, The End

“Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.”
― Mother Teresa

“Happiness is a state of activity.”
― Aristotle

“You can't buy happiness”
― Kurt Cobain

“When your back is to the wall and you are facing fear head on, the only way is forward and through it.”
― Stephen Richards, Releasing You from Fear

“There are a few moments in your life when you are truly and completely happy, and you remember to give thanks. Even as it happens you are nostalgic for the moment, you are tucking it away in your scrapbook.”
― David Benioff, When the Nines Roll Over and Other Stories

“If happy I can be I will, if suffer I must I can.”
― William Faulkner, Absalom, Absalom!

“Nothing is miserable unless you think it so; and on the other hand, nothing brings happiness unless you are content with it.”
― Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy

“The single greatest lesson the garden teaches is that our relationship to the planet need not be zero-sum, and that as long as the sun still shines and people still can plan and plant, think and do, we can, if we bother to try, find ways to provide for ourselves without diminishing the world. ”
― Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals

“Come clean with a child heart
Laugh as peaches in the summer wind
Let rain on a house roof be a song
Let the writing on your face
be a smell of apple orchards on late June.”
― Carl Sandburg, Honey and Salt

“She had never imagined she had the power to make someone else so happy. And not a magical power, either--a purely human one.”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince

“Happiness comes from within. It is not dependent on external things or on other people. You become vulnerable and can be easily hurt when your feelings of security and happiness depend on the behavior and actions of other people. Never give your power to anyone else.”
― Brian Weiss

“I keep remembering one of my Guru's teachings about happiness. She says that people universally tend to think that happiness is a stroke of luck, something that will maybe descend upon you like fine weather if you're fortunate enough. But that's not how happiness works. Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it, you must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it. If you don't you will eat away your innate contentment. It's easy enough to pray when you're in distress but continuing to pray even when your crisis has passed is like a sealing process, helping your soul hold tight to its good attainments.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“In fact no one recognizes the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it. It may well be that, in a moment of joy, one might sincerely believe that they are living that golden instant "now," even having lived such a moment before, but whatever they say, in one part of their hearts they still believe in the certainty of a happier moment to come. Because how could anyone, and particularly anyone who is still young, carry on with the belief that everything could only get worse: If a person is happy enough to think he has reached the happiest moment of his life, he will be hopeful enough to believe his future will be just as beautiful, more so.”
― Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence

“That's the big picture, your happiness. And health. You should never care what a man thinks of you -- until he demonstrates to you that he cares about making you happy. If he isn't trying to make you happy, then send him back from "whence" he came because winning him over will have no benefit. At the end of the day, happines, joy...and yes...your emotional stability...those comprise the only measuring stick you really need to have.”
― Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship

“Dustfinger still clearly remembered the feeling of being in love for the first time. How vulnerable his heart had suddenly been! Such a trembling, quivering thing, happy and miserably unhappy at once.”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkheart

“Laughter is more than just a pleasurable activity...When people laugh together, they tend to talk and touch more and to make eye contact more frequently.”
― Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun

“Adrian smiled and clasped my hands, taking a few steps toward me. "And as for who you are, you’re the same beautiful, brave, and ridiculously smart caffeinated fighter you’ve been since the day I met you.” Finally, he put “beautiful” at the top of his list of adjectives. Not that I should have cared.

“Sweet talker,” I scoffed. “You didn’t know anything about me the first time we met.”

“I knew you were beautiful,” he said. “I just hoped for the rest.”
― Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell

“Why should we build our happiness on the opinons of others, when we can find it in our own hearts?”
― Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract and Discourses

“Laugh, and the world laughs with you;
Weep, and you weep alone;
For the sad old earth must borrow its mirth,
But has trouble enough of its own.”
― Ella Wheeler Wilcox, Poems of Passion

“How often since then has she wondered what might have happened if she'd tried to remain with him; if she’d returned Richard's kiss on the corner of Bleeker and McDougal, gone off somewhere (where?) with him, never bought the packet of incense or the alpaca coat with rose-shaped buttons. Couldn’t they have discovered something larger and stranger than what they've got. It is impossible not to imagine that other future, that rejected future, as taking place in Italy or France, among big sunny rooms and gardens; as being full of infidelities and great battles; as a vast and enduring romance laid over friendship so searing and profound it would accompany them to the grave and possibly even beyond. She could, she thinks, have entered another world. She could have had a life as potent and dangerous as literature itself.

Or then again maybe not, Clarissa tells herself. That's who I was. This is who I am--a decent woman with a good apartment, with a stable and affectionate marriage, giving a party. Venture too far for love, she tells herself, and you renounce citizenship in the country you've made for yourself. You end up just sailing from port to port.

Still, there is this sense of missed opportunity. Maybe there is nothing, ever, that can equal the recollection of having been young together. Maybe it's as simple as that. Richard was the person Clarissa loved at her most optimistic moment. Richard had stood beside her at the pond's edge at dusk, wearing cut-off jeans and rubber sandals. Richard had called her Mrs. Dalloway, and they had kissed. His mouth had opened to hers; (exciting and utterly familiar, she'd never forget it) had worked its way shyly inside until she met its own. They'd kissed and walked around the pond together.

It had seemed like the beginning of happiness, and Clarissa is still sometimes shocked, more than thirty years later to realize that it was happiness; that the entire experience lay in a kiss and a walk. The anticipation of dinner and a book. The dinner is by now forgotten; Lessing has been long overshadowed by other writers. What lives undimmed in Clarissa's mind more than three decades later is a kiss at dusk on a patch of dead grass, and a walk around a pond as mosquitoes droned in the darkening air. There is still that singular perfection, and it's perfect in part because it seemed, at the time, so clearly to promise more. Now she knows: That was the moment, right then. There has been no other.”
― Michael Cunningham, The Hours

“Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.”
― Thisuri Wanniarachchi

“If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Three or four times only in my youth did I glimpse the Joyous Isles, before they were lost to fogs, depressions, cold fronts, ill winds, and contrary tides... I mistook them for adulthood. Assuming they were a fixed feature in my life's voyage, I neglected to record their latitude, their longitude, their approach. Young ruddy fool. What wouldn't I give now for a never-changing map of the ever-constant ineffable? To possess, as it were, an atlas of clouds.”
― David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas

“For what prevents us from saying that the happy life is to have a mind that is free, lofty, fearless and steadfast - a mind that is placed beyond the reach of fear, beyond the reach of desire, that counts virtue the only good, baseness the only evil, and all else but a worthless mass of things, which come and go without increasing or diminishing the highest good, and neither subtract any part from the happy life nor add any part to it?
A man thus grounded must, whether he wills or not, necessarily be attended by constant cheerfulness and a joy that is deep and issues from deep within, since he finds delight in his own resources, and desires no joys greater than his inner joys.”
― Lucius Annaeus Seneca, The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters

“Do not look for happiness outside yourself. The awakened seek happiness inside.”
― Peter Deunov

“Most people would rather be certain they're miserable, than risk being happy.”
― Robert Anthony

“The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves—say rather, loved in spite of ourselves.”
― Victor Hugo , Les Misérables

“You see, there are some people that one loves, and others that perhaps one would rather be with.”
― Henrik Ibsen, A Doll's House

“Frank heard a laugh behind him. He glanced back and couldn't believe what he saw. Nico di Angelo was actually smiling.

"That's more like it," Nico said. "Let's turn this tide!”
― Rick Riordan, The House of Hades

“Success will be within your reach only when you start reaching out for it.”
― Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free

“Happiness can only be achieved by looking inward & learning to enjoy whatever life has and this requires transforming greed into gratitude.”
― John Chrysostom

“Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have, it depends solely upon what you think.”
― Dale Carnegie

“People who can change and change again are so much more reliable and happier than those who can’t”
― Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot

“The trick. . .is to find the balance between the bright colors of humor and the serious issues of identity, self-loathing, and the possibility for intimacy and love when it seems no longer possible or, sadder yet, no longer necessary.”
― Wendy Wasserstein

“Hurt is a part of life. To be honest, I think hurt is a part of happiness, that our definition of happiness has gotten very narrow lately, very nervous, a little afraid of this brawling, fabulous, unpredictable world.”
― Julian Gough, Juno & Juliet

“الفرح الوحشي والمرح العنيف والضحك المجلجل حالات لا تدل على السعادة ، إنها تشنجات البؤساء الذين يريدون أن يأكدوا لأنفسهم وللناس أنهم يفرحون، يفرحون بشدة.”
― مصطفى محمود, الأحلام

“No one asked you to be happy. Get to work.”
― Colette

“Before you can successfully make friends with others, first you have to become your own friend.”
― Stephen Richards

“When it can be said by any country in the world, my poor are happy, neither ignorance nor distress is to be found among them, my jails are empty of prisoners, my streets of beggars, the aged are not in want, the taxes are not oppressive, the rational world is my friend because I am the friend of happiness. When these things can be said, then may that country boast its constitution and government. Independence is my happiness, the world is my country and my religion is to do good.”
― Thomas Paine, Rights of Man

“Age does not make us childish, as some say; it finds us true children.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Exactly. How can you know it makes you happy if you’ve never experienced it?”
“There are different kinds of happy,” she said. “Some kinds don’t need any proof.”
― Jennifer E. Smith, This Is What Happy Looks Like

“He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.”
― William Blake

“I do not think we have a "right" to happiness. If happiness happens, say thanks.”
― Marlene Dietrich, Marlene Dietrich's ABC

“I'm going to enjoy every second, and I'm going to know I'm enjoying it while I'm enjoying it. Most people don't live; they just race. They are trying to reach some goal far away on the horizon, and in the heat of the going they get so breathless and panting that they lose sight of the beautiful, tranquil country they are passing through; and then the first thing they know, they are old and worn out, and it doesn't make any difference whether they've reached the goal or not.”
― Jean Webster

“Happiness, like unhappiness, is a proactive choice.”
― Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change

“A lot of the conflict you have in your life exists simply because you're not living in alignment; you're not be being true to yourself.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it. What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside.”
― Sri Ramana Maharshi

“That's the secret to life... replace one worry with another....”
― Charles Schultz

“Sooner or later in life everyone discovers that perfect happiness is unrealizable, but there are few who pause to consider the antithesis: that perfect unhappiness is equally unattainable. The obstacles preventing the realization of both these extreme states are of the same nature: they derive from our human condition which is opposed to everything infinite.”
― Primo Levi, Survival in Auschwitz

“Some people appear to be happy, but they simply don't give the matter much thought. Others make plans: I'm going to have a husband, a home, two children, a house in the country. As long as they're busy doing that, they're like bulls looking for the bullfighter: they react instinctively, they blunder on, with no idea where the target is. They get their car, sometimes they even get a Ferrari, and they think that's the meaning of life, and they never question it. Yet their eyes betray the sadness that even they don't know they carry in their soul. Are you happy?”
― Paulo Coelho, The Zahir

“Even in Siberia there is happiness.”
― Anton Chekhov

“That is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.”
― Willa Cather, My Ántonia

“Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The safest way of not being very miserable is not to expect to be very happy.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer

“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The happiest man is he who learns from nature the lesson of worship”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature

“But I don't want comfort. I want God, I want poetry, I want real danger, I want freedom, I want goodness, I want sin.'

'In fact,' said Mustapha Mond, 'you're claiming the right to be unhappy.'

'All right then,' said the Savage defiantly, 'I'm claiming the right to be unhappy.'

'Not to mention the right to grow old and ugly and impotent; the right to have syphilis and cancer; the right to have too little to eat; the right to be lousy; the right to live in constant apprehension of what may happen tomorrow; the right to catch typhoid; the right to be tortured by unspeakable pains of every kind.' There was a long silence.

'I claim them all,' said the Savage at last.

Mustapha Mond shrugged his shoulders. 'You're welcome," he said.”
― Aldous Huxley, Brave New World

“The big reason why folks leave a small town,' Rant used to say, 'is so they can moon over the idea of going back. And the reason they stay put is so they can moon about getting out.'

Rant meant that no one is happy, anywhere.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Rant

“Well, I always know what I want. And when you know what you want--you go toward it. Sometimes you go very fast, and sometimes only an inch a year. Perhaps you feel happier when you go fast. I don't know. I've forgotten the difference long ago, because it really doesn't matter, so long as you move.”
― Ayn Rand, We the Living

“It sometimes takes a state of solitude to bring to mind the real power of companionship.”
― Stephen Richards

“Education doesn’t make you happy. Nor does freedom. We don’t become happy just because we’re free – if we are. Or because we’ve been educated – if we have. But because education may be the means by which we realize we are happy. It opens our eyes, our ears, tells us where delights are lurking, convinces us that there is only one freedom of any importance whatsoever, that of the mind, and gives us the assurance – the confidence – to walk the path our mind, our educated mind, offers.”
― Iris Murdoch

“For what it's worth, I think happiness is a fleeting condition, not a permanent state of goddamn mind. I've learned that if you chase after moments of bliss here and there, sometimes those moments will sustain you through the shit.”
― Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star

“He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.”
― Socrates

“Personality begins where comparison leaves off. Be unique. Be memorable. Be confident. Be proud.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“If you're not making someone else's life better, then you're wasting your time. Your life will become better by making other lives better.”
― Will Smith

“We must have the stubbornness to accept our gladness in the ruthless furnace of this world.”
― Jack Gilbert, Refusing Heaven

“You didn't just cheat on me; you cheated on us. You didn't just break my heart; you broke our future.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Truly amazing, what people can get used to, as long as there are a few compensations.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale

“Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.”
― Franklin D. Roosevelt

“To serve is beautiful, but only if it is done with joy and a whole heart and a free mind.”
― Pearl S. Buck

“You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“As I focus on diligent joy, I also keep remembering a simple idea my friend Darcey told me once -- that all the sorrow and trouble of this world is caused by unhappy people. Not only in the big global Hitler-'n'-Stalin picture, but also on the smallest personal level. Even in my own life, I can see exactly where my episodes of unhappiness have brought suffering or distress or (at the very least) inconvenience to those around me. The search for contentment is, therefore, not merely a self-preserving and self-benefiting act, but also a generous gift to the world. Clearing out all your misery gets you out of the way. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Judgment is a negative frequency.”
― Stephen Richards

“Got no checkbooks, got no banks. Still I'd like to express my thanks - I've got the sun in the mornin' and the moon at night.”
― Irving Berlin

“She had been proud of his decision to serve his country, her heart bursting with love and admiration the first time she saw him outfitted in his dress blues. ”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One

“Ink runs from the corners of my mouth.
There is no happiness like mine.
I have been eating poetry.”
― Mark Strand, Selected Poems

“It was their secret, a secret meant for just the two of them, and she'd never been able to imagine how it would sound coming from someone else. But, somehow, Logan made it sound just right.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One

“Create all the happiness you are able to create; remove all the misery you are able to remove. Every day will allow you, --will invite you to add something to the pleasure of others, --or to diminish something of their pains.”
― Jeremy Bentham

“I like living in my head because in there, everyone is kind and innocent. Once you start integrating yourself into the world, you realize that people are nasty, mean creatures. They're worse than zombies. People try to crush your soul and destroy your happiness, but zombies just want to have a little nibble of your brain.”
― J. Cornell Michel, Jordan's Brains: A Zombie Evolution

“Happiness is not a life without pain, but rather a life in which the pain is traded for a worthy price.”
― Orson Scott Card, Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus

“It is a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.”
― Albert Camus

“Whether our action is wholesome or unwholesome depends on whether that action or deed arises from a disciplined or undisciplined state of mind. It is felt that a disciplined mind leads to happiness and an undisciplined mind leads to suffering, and in fact it is said that bringing about discipline within one's mind is the essence of the Buddha's teaching.”
― Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness

“You know, people ask me. They say 'Dan, three years later do you really want to be drawing cat whiskers on your face?' but they don't understand. The cat whiskers, they come from within.”
― Dan Howell

“Why not seize the pleasure at once? -- How often is happiness destroyed by preparation, foolish preparation!”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“Watch any plant or animal and let it teach you acceptance of what is, surrender to the Now.
Let it teach you Being.
Let it teach you integrity — which means to be one, to be yourself, to be real.
Let it teach you how to live and how to die, and how not to make living and dying into a problem.”
― Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment

“Compassion is the signature of Higher Consciousness. Non-violence is the tool to evolve into the Higher Consciousness.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“The strength of a man isn't seen in the power of his arms. It's seen in the love with which he EMBRACES you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Many people are like garbage trucks. They run around full of garbage, full of frustration, full of anger, and full of disappointment. As their garbage piles up, they look for a place to dump it. And if you let them, they’ll dump it on you. So when someone wants to dump on you, don’t take it personally. Just smile, wave, wish them well, and move on. Believe me. You’ll be happier.”
― David J. Pollay, The Law of the Garbage Truck: How to Respond to People Who Dump on You, and How to Stop Dumping on Others

“Personally I am very pessimistic. But when, for instance, one of my staff has a baby you can't help but bless them for a good future. Because I can't tell that child, 'Oh, you shouldn't have come into this life.' And yet I know the world is heading in a bad direction. So with those conflicting thoughts in mind, I think about what kind of films I should be making.”
― Hayao Miyazaki

“I put my hand on the altar rail. 'What if ... what if Heaven is real, but only in moments? Like a glass of water on a hot day when you're dying of thirst, or when someone's nice to you for no reason, or ...' Mam's pancakes with Toblerone sauce; Dad dashing up from the bar just to tell me, 'Sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite'; or Jacko and Sharon singing 'For She's A Squishy Marshmallow' instead of 'For She's A Jolly Good Fellow' every single birthday and wetting themselves even though it's not at all funny; and Brendan giving his old record player to me instead of one of his mates. 'S'pose Heaven's not like a painting that's just hanging there for ever, but more like ... Like the best song anyone ever wrote, but a song you only catch in snatches, while you're alive, from passing cars, or ... upstairs windows when you're lost ...”
― David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks

“Your success and happiness lie in you.”
― Helen Keller

“Oh, how unbearable is a happy person sometimes!”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights

“You start dying slowly
if you do not travel,
if you do not read,
If you do not listen to the sounds of life,
If you do not appreciate yourself.

You start dying slowly
When you kill your self-esteem;
When you do not let others help you.

You start dying slowly
If you become a slave of your habits,
Walking everyday on the same paths…
If you do not change your routine,
If you do not wear different colours
Or you do not speak to those you don’t know.

You start dying slowly
If you avoid to feel passion
And their turbulent emotions;
Those which make your eyes glisten
And your heart beat fast.

You start dying slowly
If you do not change your life when you are not satisfied with your job, or with your love,
If you do not risk what is safe for the uncertain,
If you do not go after a dream,
If you do not allow yourself,
At least once in your lifetime,
To run away from sensible advice.”
― Martha Medeiros

“Almost all of our sorrows spring out of our relations with other people. There is no more mistaken path to happiness than worldliness.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer

“I was happy anywhere I could see the ocean.”
― Ai Yazawa, Nana, Vol. 18

“An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire; I already knew that at the age of seven. The texture of the world is painful, inadequate; unalterable, or so it seems to me. Really, I believe that an entire life spent reading would have suited me best. Such a life has not been granted me...”
― Michel Houellebecq, Whatever

“To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee,
One clover, and a bee,
And revery.
The revery alone will do,
If bees are few.”
― Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson

“If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”
― Anthon St. Maarten, Divine Living: The Essential Guide To Your True Destiny

“Happiness does not come from without, it comes from within”
― Helen Keller

“Some day you will find out that there is far more happiness in another's happiness than in your own.”
― Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot

“I may never be happy, but tonight I am content. Nothing more than an empty house, the warm hazy weariness from a day spent setting strawberry runners in the sun, a glass of cool sweet milk, and a shallow dish of blueberries bathed in cream. When one is so tired at the end of a day one must sleep, and at the next dawn there are more strawberry runners to set, and so one goes on living, near the earth. At times like this I'd call myself a fool to ask for more...”
― Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath

“Her happiness floated like waves of ocean along the coast of her life. She found lyrics of her life in his arms but she never sung her song.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“I am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation I may be; for I have also learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances. a”
― Martha Washington

“...is ignorance bliss, I don't know, but it's so painful to think, and tell me, what did thinking ever do for me, to what great place did thinking ever bring me? I think and think and think, I've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.”
― Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close

“The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The hardest thing about depression is that it is addictive. It begins to feel uncomfortable not to be depressed. You feel guilty for feeling happy.”
― Pete Wentz

“When you're unhappy, you get to pay a lot of attention to yourself. And you get to take yourself oh so very seriously. Your truly happy people, which is to say, your people who truly like themselves, they don't think about themselves very much. Your unhappy person resents it when you try to cheer him up, because that means he has to stop dwellin' on himself and start payin' attention to the universe. Unhappiness is the ultimate form of self-indulgence.”
― Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume

“They say all marriages are made in heaven, but so are thunder and lightning.”
― Clint Eastwood

“The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is.”
― Desiderius Erasmus

“Everybody has something, that one thing they must do to feel happy. I think this is yours, and I want you to be happy. You don’t have to do it, but it’s here if you choose to come back to it.”
― Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds

“Money does not buy you happiness, but lack of money certainly buys you misery.”
― Daniel Kahneman, Well-Being: Foundations of Hedonic Psychology: Foundations of Hedonic Psychology

“Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Live your life. Be happy as you can be, let go of the things that don't matter, and fight.”
― Kiera Cass, The One

“Always be like a water. Float in the times of pain or dance like waves along the wind which touches its surface.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“Joy came always after pain.”
― Guillaume Apollinaire

“Paradise was always over there, a day’s sail away. But it’s a funny thing, escapism. You can go far and wide and you can keep moving on and on through places and years, but you never escape your own life. I, finally, knew where my life belonged. Home.”
― J. Maarten Troost, Getting Stoned with Savages: A Trip Through the Islands of Fiji and Vanuatu

“The pretty ones are usually unhappy. They expect everyone to be enamored of their beauty. How can a person be content when their happiness lies in someone else's hands, ready to be crushed at any moment? Ordinary-looking people are far superior, because they are forced to actually work hard to achieve their goals, instead of expecting people to fall all over themselves to help them.”
― J. Cornell Michel, Jordan's Brains: A Zombie Evolution

“Mara, that's the life I want to give you. That's what I'm offering you. I want to fill you life with color and warmth. I want to fill it with light. Give me a chance”
― Francine Rivers, Redeeming Love

“I

Hear the sledges with the bells -
Silver bells!
What a world of merriment their melody foretells!
How they tinkle, tinkle, tinkle,
In the icy air of night!
While the stars that oversprinkle
All the heavens, seem to twinkle
With a crystalline delight;
Keeping time, time, time,
In a sort of Runic rhyme,
To the tintinnabulation that so musically wells
From the bells, bells, bells, bells,
Bells, bells, bells -
From the jingling and the tinkling of the bells.


II

Hear the mellow wedding bells -
Golden bells!
What a world of happiness their harmony foretells!
Through the balmy air of night
How they ring out their delight! -
From the molten - golden notes,
And all in tune,
What a liquid ditty floats
To the turtle - dove that listens, while she gloats
On the moon!
Oh, from out the sounding cells,
What a gush of euphony voluminously wells!
How it swells!
How it dwells
On the Future! - how it tells
Of the rapture that impels
To the swinging and the ringing
Of the bells, bells, bells -
Of the bells, bells, bells, bells,
Bells, bells, bells -
To the rhyming and the chiming of the bells!


III

Hear the loud alarum bells -
Brazen bells!
What a tale of terror, now, their turbulency tells!
In the startled ear of night
How they scream out their affright!
Too much horrified to speak,
They can only shriek, shriek,
Out of tune,
In a clamorous appealing to the mercy of the fire,
In a mad expostulation with the deaf and frantic fire,
Leaping higher, higher, higher,
With a desperate desire,
And a resolute endeavor
Now - now to sit, or never,
By the side of the pale - faced moon.
Oh, the bells, bells, bells!
What a tale their terror tells
Of Despair!
How they clang, and clash and roar!
What a horror they outpour
On the bosom of the palpitating air!
Yet the ear, it fully knows,
By the twanging,
And the clanging,
How the danger ebbs and flows;
Yet the ear distinctly tells,
In the jangling,
And the wrangling,
How the danger sinks and swells,
By the sinking or the swelling in the anger of the bells -
Of the bells -
Of the bells, bells, bells, bells,
Bells, bells, bells -
In the clamor and the clanging of the bells!


IV

Hear the tolling of the bells -
Iron bells!
What a world of solemn thought their monody compels!
In the silence of the night,
How we shiver with affright
At the melancholy menace of their tone!
For every sound that floats
From the rust within their throats
Is a groan.
And the people - ah, the people -
They that dwell up in the steeple,
All alone,
And who, tolling, tolling, tolling,
In that muffled monotone,
Feel a glory in so rolling
On the human heart a stone -
They are neither man nor woman -
They are neither brute nor human -
They are Ghouls: -
And their king it is who tolls: -
And he rolls, rolls, rolls,
Rolls
A paean from the bells!
And his merry bosom swells
With the paean of the bells!
And he dances, and he yells;
Keeping time, time, time,
In a sort of Runic rhyme,
To the paean of the bells: -
Of the bells:
Keeping time, time, time
In a sort of Runic rhyme,
To the throbbing of the bells -
Of the bells, bells, bells: -
To the sobbing of the bells: -
Keeping time, time, time,
As he knells, knells, knells,
In a happy Runic rhyme,
To the rolling of the bells -
Of the bells, bells, bells -
To the tolling of the bells -
Of the bells, bells, bells, bells,
Bells, bells, bells, -
To the moaning and the groaning of the bells. ”
― Edgar Allan Poe

“Happiness

So early it's still almost dark out.
I'm near the window with coffee,
and the usual early morning stuff
that passes for thought.

When I see the boy and his friend
walking up the road
to deliver the newspaper.

They wear caps and sweaters,
and one boy has a bag over his shoulder.
They are so happy
they aren't saying anything, these boys.

I think if they could, they would take
each other's arm.
It's early in the morning,
and they are doing this thing together.

They come on, slowly.
The sky is taking on light,
though the moon still hangs pale over the water.

Such beauty that for a minute
death and ambition, even love,
doesn't enter into this.

Happiness. It comes on
unexpectedly. And goes beyond, really,
any early morning talk about it.”
― Raymond Carver

“After all the world is indeed beautiful and if we were any other creature than man we might be continuously happy in it.”
― Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture

“Surely every one realizes, at some point along the way, that he is capable of living a far better life than the one he has chosen.”
― Henry Miller, Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch

“I think probably kindness is my number one attribute in a human being. I'll put it before any of the things like courage or bravery or generosity or anything else.

Brian Sibley: Or brains even?

Oh gosh, yes, brains is one of the least. You can be a lovely person without brains, absolutely lovely. Kindness - that simple word. To be kind - it covers everything, to my mind.
If you're kind that's it.”
― Roald Dahl

“The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not. The cure for it is occupation, because occupation means pre-occupation; and the pre-occupied person is neither happy nor unhappy, but simply alive and active. That is why it is necessary to happiness that one should be tired.”
― George Bernard Shaw, Misalliance

“Sometimes you get everything you ever wanted, only it doesn't look like what you wanted anymore.”
― Leila Sales, Past Perfect

“Today only the person who no longer believes in a happy ending, only he who has consciously renounced it, is able to live. A happy century does not exist; but there are moments of happiness, and there is freedom in the moment.”
― Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees

“The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.”
― Hugh Downs

“A man wants to earn money in order to be happy, and his whole effort and the best of a life are devoted to the earning of that money. Happiness is forgotten; the means are taken for the end.”
― Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays

“The discovery of a new dish does more for the happiness of the human race than the discovery of a star.”
― Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin, The Physiology of Taste: Or, Meditations on Transcendental Gastronomy

“I think most people are just trying to be happy, and that most of their actions, however misguided, are in line with that goal. Most people just want to feel they belong somewhere, want to be loved, and want to feel they're important to someone. If you really examine all the wrongheaded and messed-up things they do, they can most often be traced back to that basic desire. The abusers, the addicted, the cruel and unpleasant, the manipulators --these are just people who started this quest for happiness in the basement of their lives. Someone communicated to them through word or deed that they were undeserving, so they think they have to claw their way there over the backs of others, leaving scars and creating damage. Of course, they only create more misery for themselves and others.”
― Lisa Unger, Sliver of Truth

“[I]t is well to have as many holds upon happiness as possible.”
― Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey

“Cinderella was such a dork. She left behind her glass slipper at the ball and then went right back to her step-monster's house. It seems to me she should have worn the glass slipper always, to make herself easier to find. I always hoped that after the prince found Cinderella and they rode away in their magnificent carriage, after a few miles she turned to him and said, "Could you drop me off down the road please? Now that I've finally escaped my life of horrific abuse, I'd like to see something of the world, you know?... I'll catch back up with you later, Prince, once I've found my own way.”
― Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares

“Happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won--some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it--but something to carry doggedly with you through everything, as humble and ordinary as your gear and supplies.”
― Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods and Monsters

“For who would dare to assert that eternal happiness can compensate for a single moment's human suffering”
― Albert Camus, The Plague

“لا أعرف أحداً بين الناس يستطيع أن يرسم لي خطة سعادتي كما أرسمها لنفسي”
― مصطفى لطفي المنفلوطي, العبرات

“Nothing can illustrate these observations more forcibly, than a recollection of the happy conjuncture of times and circumstances, under which our Republic assumed its rank among the Nations; The foundation of our Empire was not laid in the gloomy age of Ignorance and Superstition, but at an Epoch when the rights of mankind were better understood and more clearly defined, than at any former period, the researches of the human mind, after social happiness, have been carried to a great extent, the Treasures of knowledge, acquired by the labours of Philosophers, Sages and Legislatures, through a long succession of years, are laid open for our use, and their collected wisdom may be happily applied in the Establishment of our forms of Government; the free cultivation of Letters, the unbounded extension of Commerce, the progressive refinement of Manners, the growing liberality of sentiment... have had a meliorating influence on mankind and increased the blessings of Society. At this auspicious period, the United States came into existence as a Nation, and if their Citizens should not be completely free and happy, the fault will be entirely their own.

[Circular to the States, 8 June 1783 - Writings 26:484--89]”
― George Washington, Writings

“Happiness and confidence are the prettiest things you can wear”
― Taylor Swift

“Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.”
― Immanuel Kant

“The thing everyone should realize is that the key to happiness is being happy for yourself and yourself.”
― Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding

“To me, the meaning of a human life is to be happy. It's to achieve happiness right now, it's to make sure you're happy in the future.

And if some people on YouTube try to have a message to give people, I guess that mine is: do whatever you have to do to be happy.”
― Dan Howell

“Last Night the Rain Spoke to Me"

Last night
Photo by Shawn Nystrand

Photo by Shawn Nystrand

the rain
spoke to me
slowly, saying,

what joy
to come falling
out of the brisk cloud…

That’s what it said
as it dropped,

smelling of iron,
and vanished…

Then it was over.
The sky cleared.
I was standing

under a tree.
The tree was a tree
with happy leaves,
and I was myself,

and there were stars in the sky
that were also themselves
at the moment
at which moment

my right hand
was holding my left hand
which was holding the tree
which was filled with stars

and the soft rain –
imagine! imagine!
the long and wondrous journeys
still to be ours.”
― Mary Oliver, What Do We Know

“Frugality is one of the most beautiful and joyful words in the English language, and yet one that we are culturally cut off from understanding and enjoying. The consumption society has made us feel that happiness lies in having things, and has failed to teach us the happiness of not having things.”
― Elise Boulding

“Take all that you can of this book upon reason, and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier man. (When a skeptic expressed surprise to see him reading a Bible)”
― Abraham Lincoln

“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“I guess money can't buy happiness if you shop in the wrong places.”
― Nora Roberts, Tribute

“After all, is not a real Hell better than a manufactured Heaven?”
― E.M. Forster, Maurice

“The institutions of human society treat us as parts of a machine. They assign us ranks and place considerable pressure upon us to fulfill defined roles. We need something to help us restore our lost and distorted humanity. Each of us has feelings that have been suppressed and have built up inside. There is a voiceless cry resting in the depths of our souls, waiting for expression. Art gives the soul's feelings voice and form.”
― Daisaku Ikeda

“The Christmas presents once opened are Not So Much Fun as they were while we were in the process of examining, lifting, shaking, thinking about, and opening them. Three hundred sixty-five days later, we try again and find that the same thing has happened. Each time the goal is reached, it becomes Not So Much Fun, and we're off to reach the next one, then the next one, then the next.

That doesn't mean that the goals we have don't count. They do, mostly because they cause us to go through the process and it's the process that makes us wise, happy, or whatever. If we do things in the wrong sort of way, it makes us miserable, angry, confused, and things like that. The goal has to be right for us, and it has to be beneficial, in order to ensure a beneficial process. But aside from that, it's really the process that's important.”
― Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh

“Happiness is such a fragile thing, isn't it? So easily burst, like a bubble blown by a child, and always on the verge of being carried away.”
― Nenia Campbell, Endgame

“Unhappy the land that is in need of heroes”
― Bertolt Brecht, Galileo

“When we are collecting books, we are collecting happiness.”
― Vincent Starrett

“My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.”
― Socrates

“When you fail, that is when you get closer to success.”
― Stephen Richards

“He wore his happiness like a mask and the girl had run off across the lawn with the mask and there was no way of going to knock on her door and ask for it back.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Hapiness is as exclusive as a butterfly, and you must never pursue it. If you stay very still, it may come and settle on your hand. But only briefly. Savour those moments, for they will not come in your way very often.”
― Ruskin Bond, A Little Book of Life

“I like to believe that you don't need to reach a certain goal to be happy. I prefer to think that happiness is always there, and that when things don't go the way we might like them to, it's a sign from above that something even better is right around the corner.”
― David Archuleta, Chords of Strength: A Memoir of Soul, Song and the Power of Perseverance

“Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.”
― Shannon Alder

“They'll say you are bad
or perhaps you are mad
or at least you
should stay undercover.
Your mind must be bare
if you would dare
to think you can love
more than one lover.”
― David Rovics

“It’s funny how one summer can change everything. It must be something about the heat and the smell of chlorine, fresh-cut grass and honeysuckle, asphalt sizzling after late-day thunderstorms, the steam rising while everything drips around it. Something about long, lazy days and whirring air conditioners and bright plastic flip-flops from the drugstore thwacking down the street. Something about fall being so close, another year, another Christmas, another beginning. So much in one summer, stirring up like the storms that crest at the end of each day, blowing out all the heat and dirt to leave everything gasping and cool. Everyone can reach back to one summer and lay a finger to it, finding the exact point when everything changed. That summer was mine.”
― Sarah Dessen, That Summer

“Control of consciousness determines the quality of life.”
― Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience

“Recipe For Happiness Khaborovsk Or Anyplace'

One grand boulevard with trees
with one grand cafe in sun
with strong black coffee in very small cups.

One not necessarily very beautiful
man or woman who loves you.

One fine day.”
― Lawrence Ferlinghetti

“I'll never wake up in a good mood again.
I'm tired of these stinky boots”
― Jim Morrison, An American Prayer

“If I had a shiny gun
I could have a world of fun
Speeding bullets through the brains
Of the folks that cause me pains :)”
― Dorothy Parker

“Happiness is good health and a bad memory.”
― Ingrid Bergman

“The intention that man should be happy is not in the plan of Creation.”
― Sigmund Freud

“People who fit don’t seek. The seekers are those that don’t fit.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“In the midst of happiness or despair
in sorrow or in joy
in pleasure or in pain:
Do what is right and you will be at peace.”
― Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me

“Be happy -- if you're not even happy, what's so good about surviving?”
― Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead

“The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.”
― Casi McLean

“Whenever I see an ambulance, I like to think there is a baby being born, rather than a death.”
― Phil Lester

“I NEVER UNDERSTOOD THE POINT OF BEING SAD
WHEN I COULD CHOOSE TO BE HAPPY”
― Megan McCafferty, Second Helpings

“Happiness is always a by-product. It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular. But it is not something that can be demanded from life, and if you are not happy you had better stop worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness.”
― Robertson Davies, The Enthusiasms of Robertson Davies

“Even if it were possible to cast my horoscope in this one life, and to make an accurate prediction about my future, it would not be possible to 'show' it to me because as soon as I saw it my future would change by definition. This is why Werner Heisenberg's adaptation of the Hays Office—the so-called principle of uncertainty whereby the act of measuring something has the effect of altering the measurement—is of such importance. In my case the difference is often made by publicity. For example, and to boast of one of my few virtues, I used to derive pleasure from giving my time to bright young people who showed promise as writers and who asked for my help. Then some profile of me quoted someone who disclosed that I liked to do this. Then it became something widely said of me, whereupon it became almost impossible for me to go on doing it, because I started to receive far more requests than I could respond to, let alone satisfy. Perception modifies reality: when I abandoned the smoking habit of more than three decades I was given a supposedly helpful pill called Wellbutrin. But as soon as I discovered that this was the brand name for an antidepressant, I tossed the bottle away. There may be successful methods for overcoming the blues but for me they cannot include a capsule that says: 'Fool yourself into happiness, while pretending not to do so.' I should actually want my mind to be strong enough to circumvent such a trick.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“There's a taste in the air, sweet and vaguely antiseptic, that reminds him of his teenage years in these streets, and of a general state of longing, a hunger for life to begin that from this distance seems like happiness.”
― Ian McEwan, Saturday

“Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I find no importance in showing others that I am happy; it's not important to me that they know or think that I am happy but what is important to me is that I am happy. I am interested in being happy, not in making others think or know that I am.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.”
― Jacques Prévert

“Doing the tough things sets winners apart from losers.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“Most parents try really hard to give their kids the best possible life. They give them the best food and clothes they can afford, take their own kind of take on training kids to be honest and polite. But what they don't realize is no matter how much they try, their kids will get out there. Out to this complicated little world. If they are lucky they will survive, through backstabbers, broken hearts, failures and all the kinds of invisible insane pressures out there. But most kids get lost in them. They will get caught up in all kinds of bubbles. Trouble bubbles. Bubbles that continuously tell them that they are not good enough. Bubbles that get them carried away with what they think is love, give them broken hearts. Bubbles that will blur the rest of the world to them, make them feel like that is it, that they've reached the end. Sometimes, even the really smart kids, make stupid decisions. They lose control. Parents need to realize that the world is getting complicated every second of every day. With new problems, new diseases, new habits. They have to realize the vast probability of their kids being victims of this age, this complicated era. Your kids could be exposed to problems that no kind of therapy can help. Your kids could be brainwashed by themselves to believe in insane theories that drive them crazy. Most kids will go through this stage. The lucky ones will understand. They will grow out of them. The unlucky ones will live in these problems. Grow in them and never move forward. They will cut themselves, overdose on drugs, take up excessive drinking and smoking, for the slightest problems in their lives.
You can't blame these kids for not being thankful or satisfied with what they have. Their mentality eludes them from the reality.”
― Thisuri Wanniarachchi, COLOMBO STREETS

“Money is numbers and numbers never end. If it takes money to be happy, your search for happiness will never end.”
― Bob Marley

“Those only are happy (I thought) who have their minds fixed on some object other than their own happiness; on the happiness of others, on the improvement of mankind, even on some art or pursuit, followed not as a means, but as itself an ideal end. Aiming thus at something else, they find happiness by the way. The enjoyments of life (such was now my theory) are sufficient to make it a pleasant thing, when they are taken en passant, without being made a principal object. Once make them so, and they are immediately felt to be insufficient. They will not bear a scrutinizing examination. Ask yourself whether you are happy, and you cease to be so. The only chance is to treat, not happiness, but some end external to it, as the purpose of life. Let your self-consciousness, your scrutiny, your self-interrogation, exhaust themselves on that; and if otherwise fortunately circumstanced you will inhale happiness with the air you breathe, without dwelling on it or thinking about it, without either forestalling it in imagination, or putting it to flight by fatal questioning.”
― John Stuart Mill, Autobiography

“She laughed. 'It won't last. Nothing lasts. But I'm happy now.'

'Happy,' I muttered, trying to pin the word down. But it is one of those words, like Love, that I have never quite understood. Most people who deal in words don't have much faith in them and I am no exception--especially the big ones like Happy and Love and Honest and Strong. They are too elusive and far too relative when you compare them to sharp, mean little words like Punk and Cheap and Phony. I feel at home with these, because they're scrawny and easy to pin, but the big ones are tough and it takes either a priest or a fool to use them with any confidence.”
― Hunter S. Thompson, The Rum Diary

“The crowning fortune of a man is to be born to some pursuit which finds him employment and happiness, whether it be to make baskets, or broadswords, or canals, or statues, or songs.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“I cannot tell if what the world considers ‘happiness’ is happiness or not. All I know is that when I consider the way they go about attaining it, I see them carried away headlong, grim and obsessed, in the general onrush of the human herd, unable to stop themselves or to change their direction. All the while they claim to be just on the point of attaining happiness.”
― Chuang-Tzu

“In his or her own way, everyone I saw before me looked happy. Whether they were really happy or just looked it, I couldn't tell. But they did look happy on this pleasant early afternoon in late September, and because of that I felt a kind of loneliness new to me, as if I were the only one here who was not truly part of the scene.”
― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood

“nothing wonderful lasted forever. Joy was as fleeting as a shooting star that crossed the evening sky, ready to blink out at any moment.”
― Nicholas Sparks

“I needed to stop being what everyone thought I was.”
― Sarah Addison Allen

“[Fireheart]mewed,"It's not my place to judge you." Greystripe looked up as Fireheart went on." Greystripe, whatever you decide to do, I will always be your friend.”
― Erin Hunter, Fire and Ice

“Always remember that you were once alone, and the crowd you see in your life today are just as unecessary as when you were alone.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“A disciplined mind leads to happiness, and an undisciplined mind leads to suffering.”
― Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness

“Contrary to what we usually believe, moments like these, the best moments in our lives, are not the passive, receptive, relaxing times—although such experiences can also be enjoyable, if we have worked hard to attain them. The best moments usually occur when a person’s body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile. Optimal experience is thus something that we
make happen. For a child, it could be placing with trembling fingers the last blockon a tower she has built, higher than any she has built so far; for a swimmer, it could be trying to beat his own record; for a violinist, mastering an intricate musical passage. For each person there are thousands of opportunities, challenges to expand ourselves.”
― Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience

“Reason, Observation and Experience — the Holy Trinity of Science — have taught us that happiness is the only good; that the time to be happy is now, and the way to be happy is to make others so. This is enough for us. In this belief we are content to live and die. If by any possibility the existence of a power superior to, and independent of, nature shall be demonstrated, there will then be time enough to kneel. Until then, let us stand erect.”
― Robert Green Ingersoll, On the Gods and Other Essays

“We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.”
― George Bernard Shaw, Candida

“Happiness has to do with your mindset, not with outside circumstance.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Most men either compromise or drop their greatest talents and start running after, what they perceive to be, a more reasonable success, and somewhere in between they end up with a discontented settlement. Safety is indeed stability, but it is not progression.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“I don't want anyone to look to me, not for protection, not for happiness, not for love, not for anything.”
― P.D. James, The Children of Men

“Write it on your heart you are the most beautiful soul of the Universe. Realize it, honor it and celebrate the life.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Why not let people differ about their answers to the great mysteries of the Universe? Let each seek one's own way to the highest, to one's own sense of supreme loyalty in life, one's ideal of life. Let each philosophy, each world-view bring forth its truth and beauty to a larger perspective, that people may grow in vision, stature and dedication.”
― Algernon D. Black

“Call no man happy, said Shadow, until he is dead”
― Neil Gaiman, American Gods

“Depression weighs you down like a rock in a river. You don't stand a chance. You can fight and pray and hope you have the strength to swim, but sometimes, you have to let yourself sink. Because you'll never know true happiness until someone or something pulls you back out of that river--and you'll never believe it until you realize it was you, yourself who saved you.”
― Alysha Speer

“She avoids deep thought like an empty restaurant, not out of stupidity, but a canny resolve to be happy.”
― Alex Shakar, Luminarium

“If you think you can then you can.”
― Stephen Richards

“Sometimes pain is so unmanageable that the idea of spending another day with it seems impossible. Other times pain acts as a compass to help you get through the messier tunnels of growing up. But the pain can only help you find happiness if you can remember it.”
― Adam Silvera, More Happy Than Not

“Doing what you love is freedom.
Loving
what you do is happiness.”
― Lana Del Rey

“If one has failed to develop curiosity and interest in the early years, it is a good idea to acquire them now, before it is too late to improve the quality of life.
To do so is fairly easy in principle, but more difficult in practice. Yet it is sure worth trying. The first step is to develop the habit of doing whatever needs to be done with concentrated attention, with skill rather than inertia. Even the most routine tasks, like washing dishes, dressing, or mowing the lawn become more rewarding if we approach them with the care it would take to make a work of art. The next step is to transfer some psychic energy each day from tasks that we don’t like doing, or from passive leisure, into something we never did before, or something we enjoy doing but don’t do often enough because it seems too much trouble. There are literally millions of potentially interesting things in the world to see, to do, to learn about. But they don’t become actually interesting until we devote attention to them.”
― Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Finding Flow: The Psychology of Engagement with Everyday Life

“I remember watching it all and getting the tickling in my chest and thinking to myself: This is what happiness feels like.”
― Gayle Forman, If I Stay

“It was the general opinion of ancient nations, that the divinity alone was adequate to the important office of giving laws to men... and modern nations, in the consecrations of kings, and in several superstitious chimeras of divine rights in princes and nobles, are nearly unanimous in preserving remnants of it... Is the jealousy of power, and the envy of superiority, so strong in all men, that no considerations of public or private utility are sufficient to engage their submission to rules for their own happiness? Or is the disposition to imposture so prevalent in men of experience, that their private views of ambition and avarice can be accomplished only by artifice? — … There is nothing in which mankind have been more unanimous; yet nothing can be inferred from it more than this, that the multitude have always been credulous, and the few artful. The United States of America have exhibited, perhaps, the first example of governments erected on the simple principles of nature: and if men are now sufficiently enlightened to disabuse themselves of artifice, imposture, hypocrisy, and superstition, they will consider this event as an era in their history. Although the detail of the formation of the American governments is at present little known or regarded either in Europe or America, it may hereafter become an object of curiosity. It will never be pretended that any persons employed in that service had any interviews with the gods, or were in any degree under the inspiration of heaven, any more than those at work upon ships or houses, or labouring in merchandize or agriculture: it will for ever be acknowledged that these governments were contrived merely by the use of reason and the senses. As Copley painted Chatham, West, Wolf, and Trumbull, Warren and Montgomery; as Dwight, Barlow, Trumbull, and Humphries composed their verse, and Belknap and Ramzay history; as Godfrey invented his quadrant, and Rittenhouse his planetarium; as Boylston practised inoculation, and Franklin electricity; as Paine exposed the mistakes of Raynal, and Jefferson those of Buffon, so unphilosophically borrowed from the Recherches Philosophiques sur les Américains those despicable dreams of de Pauw — neither the people, nor their conventions, committees, or sub-committees, considered legislation in any other light than ordinary arts and sciences, only as of more importance. Called without expectation, and compelled without previous inclination, though undoubtedly at the best period of time both for England and America, to erect suddenly new systems of laws for their future government, they adopted the method of a wise architect, in erecting a new palace for the residence of his sovereign. They determined to consult Vitruvius, Palladio, and all other writers of reputation in the art; to examine the most celebrated buildings, whether they remain entire or in ruins; compare these with the principles of writers; and enquire how far both the theories and models were founded in nature, or created by fancy: and, when this should be done, as far as their circumstances would allow, to adopt the advantages, and reject the inconveniences, of all. Unembarrassed by attachments to noble families, hereditary lines and successions, or any considerations of royal blood, even the pious mystery of holy oil had no more influence than that other of holy water: the people universally were too enlightened to be imposed on by artifice; and their leaders, or more properly followers, were men of too much honour to attempt it. Thirteen governments thus founded on the natural authority of the people alone, without a pretence of miracle or mystery, which are destined to spread over the northern part of that whole quarter of the globe, are a great point gained in favour of the rights of mankind.

[Preface to 'A Defence of the Constitutions of the United States of America', 1787]”
― John Adams, A Defense of the Constitutions of Government of the United States of America: Akashic U.S. Presidents Series

“Stop waiting for the perfect day or the perfect moment... Take THIS day, THIS moment and lead it to perfection.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I promise you that the same stuff galaxies are made of, you are. The same energy that swings planets around stars makes electrons dance in your heart. It is in you, outside you, you are it. It is beautiful. Trust in this. And you your life will be grand.”
― Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth

“People never remember happiness with the care that they lavish on preserving every detail of their suffering.”
― Edward St. Aubyn

“I believe that being happy is the only important thing. Happiness. Simple as a glass of chocolate or torturous as the heart. Bitter. Sweet. Alive.”
― Joanne Harris

“No one invites you to the top - you have to claw your way up. When you get there, you will sit with the others who were also uninvited - giggling. ”
― Staness Jonekos

“It will hurt." said Petra. "But let's make the most of what we have, and not let future pain ruin present happiness.”
― Orson Scott Card, Shadow Puppets

“You must remember this feeling, Jon.
The feeling of being happy. It doesn't happen often but when it does, you must grab it with both hands and hold it close. Let it overwhelm you. Don't
over analyse any emotion. But remember it. Always remember it.”
― pleasefindthis, Intentional Dissonance

“[Happiness is] a ghost, it’s a shadow. You can’t really chase it. It’s a by-product, a very pleasant side effect to a life lived well.”
― Eric Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World

“Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes.”
― Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby

“Any intelligent person knows that life is a beautiful thing and that the purpose of life is to be happy," said my father as he watched the three beauties. "But it seems only idiots are ever happy. How can we explain this?”
― Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence

“Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.”
― Nelson Mandela

“If everything really does get better, the way everyone claims, then happiness should be graphable. But that's crap, because better isn't quantifiable.”
― Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything

“I spit on your happiness! I spit on your idea of life--that life that must go on, come what may. You are all like dogs that lick everything they smell. You with your promise of a humdrum happiness--provided a person doesn't ask much of life. I want everything of life, I do; and I want it now! I want it total, complete: otherwise I reject it! I will not be moderate. I will not be satisfied with the bit of cake you offer me if I promise to be a good little girl. I want to be sure of everything this very day; sure that everything will be as beautiful as when I was a little girl. If not, I want to die!”
― Jean Anouilh, Antigone

“We'd just shared the last beer and slung the empty can out the window at a stop sign and were just waiting back to get the feel of the day, swimming in that kind of tasty drowsiness that comes over you after a day of going hard at something you enjoy doing -- half sunburned and half drunk and keeping awake only because you wanted to savor the taste as long as you could.”
― Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest

“I'm a happy person. If you want to be around me, you can either choose to be happy too, or follow the signs to the nearest exit!”
― Sharon Swan

“No one can grant you happiness. Happiness is a choice we all have the power to make.”
― Dean Koontz, Life Expectancy

“We've got everything we need right here, and everything we need is enough.”
― Jack Johnson

“There is no list of rules. There is one rule. The rule is: there are no rules. Happiness comes from living as you need to, as you want to. As your inner voice tells you to. Happiness comes from being who you actually are instead of who you think you are supposed to be. Being traditional is not traditional anymore. It’s funny that we still think of it that way. Normalize your lives, people. You don’t want a baby? Don’t have one. I don’t want to get married? I won’t. You want to live alone? Enjoy it. You want to love someone? Love someone. Don’t apologize. Don’t explain. Don’t ever feel less than. When you feel the need to apologize or explain who you are, it means the voice in your head is telling you the wrong story. Wipe the slate clean. And rewrite it. No fairy tales. Be your own narrator. And go for a happy ending. One foot in front of the other. You will make it.”
― Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes

“It is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself. Infidelity does not consist in believing, or in disbelieving, it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe.”
― Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason

“In a person's lifetime there may be not more than half a dozen occasions that he can look back to in the certain knowledge that right then, at that moment, there was room for nothing but happiness in his heart.”
― Ernestine Gilbreth Carey, Belles on Their Toes

“Sometimes when I meet old friends, it reminds me how quickly time passes. And it makes me wonder if we've utilized our time properly or not. Proper utilization of time is so important. While we have this body, and especially this amazing human brain, I think every minute is something precious. Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time. I believe that the proper utilization of time is this: if you can, serve other people, other sentient beings. If not, at least refrain from harming them. I think that is the whole basis of my philosophy.

So, let us reflect what is truly of value in life, what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren't born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others. For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life becomes meaningful and more peaceful—happier.”
― Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness

“I think people would be happier if they admitted things more often. In a sense we are all prisoners of some memory, or fear, or disappointment - we are all defined by something we can’t change.”
― Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness

“Marriage becomes hard work once you have poured the entirety of your life’s expectations for happiness into the hands of one mere person. Keeping that going is hard work.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage

“Allow yourself to enjoy each happy moment in your life.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Indeed there has never been any explanation of the ebb and flow in our veins--of happiness and unhappiness.”
― Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room

“For the likes of you, the path to happiness is one mean son of a bitch of a path.”
― Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive

“It sounded old. Deserve. Old and tired and beaten to death. Deserve. Now it seemed to him that he was always saying or thinking that he didn't deserve some bad luck, or some bad treatment from others. He'd told Guitar that he didn't "deserve" his family's dependence, hatred, or whatever. That he didn't even "deserve" to hear all the misery and mutual accusations his parents unloaded on him. Nor did he "deserve" Hagar's vengeance. But why shouldn't his parents tell him their personal problems? If not him, then who? And if a stranger could try to kill him, surely Hagar, who knew him and whom he'd thrown away like a wad of chewing gum after the flavor was gone––she had a right to try to kill him too.

Apparently he though he deserved only to be loved--from a distance, though--and given what he wanted. And in return he would be...what? Pleasant? Generous? Maybe all he was really saying was: I am not responsible for your pain; share your happiness with me but not your unhappiness.”
― Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon

“Associate with the noblest people you can find; read the best books; live with the mighty; but learn to be happy alone.”
― Saul Bellow, Ravelstein

“Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”
― Jess C. Scott, Clear: A Guide to Treating Acne Naturally

“Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“and our few good times will be rare because we have the critical sense
and are not easy to fool with laughter”
― Charles Bukowski

“Accustom yourself to the belief that death is of no concern to us, since all good and evil lie in sensation and sensation ends with death. Therefore the true belief that death is nothing to us makes a mortal life happy, not by adding to it an infinite time, but by taking away the desire for immortality. For there is no reason why the man who is thoroughly assured that there is nothing to fear in death should find anything to fear in life. So, too, he is foolish who says that he fears death, not because it will be painful when it comes, but because the anticipation of it is painful; for that which is no burden when it is present gives pain to no purpose when it is anticipated. Death, the most dreaded of evils, is therefore of no concern to us; for while we exist death is not present, and when death is present we no longer exist. It is therefore nothing either to the living or to the dead since it is not present to the living, and the dead no longer are.”
― Epicurus, Letter to Menoeceus

“How aware are we of our own inner life, our spirituality-something so intangible yet so priceless? How much effort do we make to perceive that which is not obvious, which can neither be seen nor heard? I believe the exploration and enrichment of the human spirit is what determines our very humanity. Such enrichment provides an inner compass that can lead civilizations to greatness.”
― Daisaku Ikeda

“It seemed like this day could go in so many directions, like a spiderweb shooting out toward endless possibilities. Whenever you made a choice, especially one you'd been resisting, it always affected everything else, some in big ways, like a tremor beneath your feet, others in so tiny a shift you hardly noticed a change at all. But it was happening.”
― Sarah Dessen

“The Wind Will Carry Us

In my night, so brief, alas
The wind is about to meet the leaves.
My night so brief is filled with devastating anguish
Hark! Do you hear the whisper of the shadows?
This happiness feels foreign to me.
I am accustomed to despair.
Hark! Do you hear the whisper of the shadows?
There, in the night, something is happening
The moon is red and anxious.
And, clinging to this roof
That could collapse at any moment,
The clouds, like a crowd of mourning women,
Await the birth of the rain.
One second, and then nothing.
Behind this window,
The night trembles
And the earth stops spinning.
Behind this window, a stranger
Worries about me and you.
You in your greenery,
Lay your hands – those burning memories –
On my loving hands.
And entrust your lips, replete with life's warmth,
To the touch of my loving lips
The wind will carry us!
The wind will carry us!”
― Forough Farrokhzad

“Concentration attracts luck factor.”
― Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style

“No one is to blame because there is no one other than you. Nothing is to disrespect because there is nothing other than you.”
― Amit Ray

“I don’t think man was meant to attain happiness so easily. Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“Happiness is not the absence of problems; it's the ability to deal with them.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“When I die, don't come, I wouldn't want a leaf
to turn away from the sun -- it loves it there.
There's nothing so spiritual about being happy
but you can't miss a day of it, because it doesn't last.”
― Frank O'Hara

“We are one of those couples i used to watch, thinking to myself that I'd never be on the inside of something so special. I remember reassuring myself that it probably looked nicer than it actually was, I am happy to be wrong about that.”
― Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed

“I've pursued dreams and achieved them, but I don't think anybody should think their life is incomplete if they don't follow some dream. Happiness doesn't come from achievements, or money, or any sort of treasure. Happiness is a frame of mind, not a destination. It's appreciating what you've got and building relationships with those around you.”
― Janette Rallison

“Sometimes I think of you and I feel giddy. Memory makes me lightheaded, drunk on champagne. All the things we did. And if anyone has said this was the price I would have agreed to pay it. That surprises me; that with the hurt and the mess comes a shift of recognition. It was worth it. Love is worth it.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body

“It is essential to happiness that our way of living should spring from our own deep impulses and not from the accidental tastes and desires of those who happen to be our neighbors, or even our relations.”
― Bertrand Russell

“There is no greater power than that of a laugh and happiness is a force which can save a person from the horrors of the world.”
― Hillary DePiano, The Love of Three Oranges: A Play for the Theatre That Takes the Commedia Dell'arte of Carlo Gozzi and Updates It for the New Millennium

“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself.”
― Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast: The Restored Edition

“Life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The thing everyone should realize is that the key to happiness is being happy by yourself and for yourself. Happiness comes from within. You have the power to change your own mindset so that all the negative, horrible thoughts that try to invade your psyche are replaced with happy, positive, wonderful thoughts.”
― Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding

“Often, moreover, it is...that aspect of our being that society finds eccentric, ridiculous, or disagreeable, that holds our sweet waters, our secret well of happiness, the key to our equanimity in malevolent climes.”
― Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker

“I've learned .... That when you harbor bitterness, happiness will dock elsewhere.”
― Andy Rooney

“I want him to be happy. And I want you to be happy, too. Even if you can only find that happiness without me.”
― S.J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep

“It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.”
― Max Planck, Where is Science Going?

“It's what's in yourself that makes you happy or unhappy.”
― Agatha Christie, A Murder Is Announced

“The dead don't desire revenge, but the happiness of the livng. To dirty your small hands would bring joy to no one.
-Kenshin to Eiji”
― Watsuki Nobuhiro

“We would do ourselves a tremendous favor by letting go of the people who poison our spirit.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I Love Loving You

You are my favorite song; a rhythm of beauty that captures my spirit.

You are my favorite poem; an exquisite grouping of ideas set in motion with an unmatched enchanting elegance.

You are my best friend; from our laughter to our deep conversations, our moments together are a timeless pleasure.

You are my soul mate; a connection so pure, so powerful, that it can only be considered divine.

You are my lover; a passionate entwinement, a chorus of ecstasy, and a feeling of complete unity that words could never adequately describe.

You are my angel; you remind me of the goodness in this world and inspire me to be the greatest version of myself.

You are my home; it is in your loving gaze that I find the comfort, acceptance, and the sense of belonging.

You are my love ~ mi amor; there are not enough days in forever to allow me to fully express my love for you.

I love loving you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“A free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government”
― Spurious quote attributed to George Washington but never said by him .

“And from the midst of cheerless gloom
I passed to bright unclouded day.”
― Emily Bronte

“The secret of a happy life is respect. Respect for yourself and respect for others.”
― Ayad Akhtar, American Dervish

“Suffering is due to our disconnection with the inner soul. Meditation is establishing that connection.”
― Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations

“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
― Sanhita Baruah

“What would a narrative of happiness be like? All that can be described is what prepares it, and then what destroys it.”
― Andre Gide, The Immoralist

“Uneori uit unde mă aflu şi zâmbesc aşa, fără motiv. Câteodată sunt vesel. Vesel de tot. Pentru că uit de mine. Mă pierd pe undeva, în vreun loc depărtat, cum ai uita o carte pe fereastră.”
― Marin Sorescu

“How to win in life:
1 work hard
2 complain less
3 listen more
4 try, learn, grow
5 don't let people tell you it cant be done
6 make no excuses”
― Germany Kent

“One should cultivate good habits of memory, for it is capable of making existence a Paradise or an Inferno.”
― Baltasar Gracián, The Art of Worldly Wisdom

“We are happy when people/things conform and unhappy when they don't. People and events don't disappoint us, our models of reality do. It is my model of reality that determines my happiness or disappointments.”
― Stefan Zweig, Chess Story

“They luxuriated in the feeling of deep and all pervading satisfaction, a feeling of knowing absolutely that all was well with the world and them and that the world was not only their oyster it was also their linguine with clam sauce. Not only were all things possible, but all things were theirs. ”
― Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream

“I'm living a dream I never want to wake up from.”
― Cristiano Ronaldo

“The secret of happiness is to see all the marvels of the world, and never to forget the drops of oil on the spoon.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

“Love is the energy of life.”
― Robert Browning

“The point of simple living, for me has got to be:

A soft place to land

A wide margin of error

Room to breathe

Lots of places to find baseline happiness in each and every day”
― Leo Babauta

“We are all happy if we but knew it.”
― F. Dostoevskij

“He was a wonderful man. And when a man is that special, you know it sooner than you think possible. You recognize it instinctively, and you're certain that no matter what happens, there will never be another one like him.”
― Nicholas Sparks

“Happy the man, and happy he alone,
he who can call today his own:
he who, secure within, can say,
Tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.

Be fair or foul, or rain or shine
the joys I have possessed, in spite of fate, are mine.
Not Heaven itself, upon the past has power,
but what has been, has been, and I have had my hour.”
― Horace

“It's hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“At the end of the day your ability to connect with your readers comes down to how you make them feel.”
― Benjamin J. Carey, Barefoot in November

“Fate never promises to tell you everything up front. You aren't always shown the path in life you're supposed to take. But if there was one thing she'd learned in the past few weeks, it was that sometimes, when you're really lucky, you meet someone with a map.”
― Sarah Addison Allen

“What good is money if it can't buy happiness?”
― Agatha Christie, The Man in the Brown Suit

“I must die. Must I then die lamenting? I must be put in chains. Must I then also lament? I must go into exile. Does any man then hinder me from going with smiles and cheerfulness and contentment?”
― Epictetus

“You have to be willing to get happy about nothing.”
― Andy Warhol

“We are a noisy and blessed little family”
― Nancy E. Turner, These Is My Words: The Diary of Sarah Agnes Prine, 1881-1901

“Love and compassion are the mother and father of a smile. We need to create more smiles in our world today. Smiles, after all, pave the way to a happy world.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“I would do my damn best to be more happy than not.”
― Adam Silvera, More Happy Than Not

“Let today be the day you finally release yourself from the imprisonment of past grudges and anger. Simplify your life. Let go of the poisonous past and live the abundantly beautiful present... today.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Marriage is just a piece of paper if it's not a happy one.”
― Phil Lester

“The First Splendid Truth: To be happy, I need to think about feeling good, feeling bad, and feeling right, in an atmosphere of growth.”
― Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun

“The pleasure of criticizing takes away from us the pleasure of being moved by some very fine things.”
― Jean De La Bruyere

“But pearls are for tears, the old legend says," Gilbert had objected.
"I'm not afraid of that. And tears can be happy as well as sad. My very happiest moments have been when I had tears in my eyes—when Marilla told me I might stay at Green Gables—when Matthew gave me the first pretty dress I ever had—when I heard that you were going to recover from the fever. So give me pearls for our troth ring, Gilbert, and I'll willingly accept the sorrow of life with its joy." -Anne”
― L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams

“It is time for a return to childhood, to simplicity, to running and climbing and laughing in the sunshine, to experiencing happiness instead of being trained for a lifetime of pursuing happiness. It is time to let children be children again.”
― L.R.Knost

“There's little of the melancholy element in her, my lord: she is never sad but when she sleeps; and not ever sad then; for I have heard my daughter say, she hath often dreamt of unhappiness, and waked herself with laughing.”
― William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing

“The truly revolutionary promise of our nation's founding document is the freedom to pursue happiness-with-a-capital-H. ”
― Dan Savage, Skipping Towards Gomorrah: The Seven Deadly Sins and the Pursuit of Happiness in America

“Relationships: If you put up with it, you’re going to end up with it. Set the standard you want and don’t settle for less.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If you write it down, you can make it happen.”
― Staness Jonekos

“There is a fine line between compassion and a victim mentality. Compassion though is a healing force and comes from a place of kindness towards yourself. Playing the victim is a toxic waste of time that not only repels other people, but also robs the victim of ever knowing true happiness.”
― Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing

“Once people said: Give me liberty or give me death. Now they say: Make me a slave, just pay me enough.”
― Todd Garlington

“Love and work are to people what water and sunshine are to plants.”
― Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom

“I guess that’s the thing about riding on cloud nine—it can’t last forever. And that particular fall was hard and fast.”
― Hannah Harrington, Speechless

“Your success and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them. But to be happy it is essential not to be too concerned with others. Consequently, there is no escape. Happy and judged, or absolved and wretched.”
― Albert Camus, The Fall

“Can you be happy with the movies, and the ads, and the clothes in the stores, and the doctors, and the eyes as you walk down the street all telling you there is something wrong with you? No. You cannot be happy. Because, you poor darling baby, you believe them.”
― Katherine Dunn, Geek Love

“Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.”
― Will Rogers

“Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation, but you thoughts about it. Be aware of the thoughts you are thinking.”
― Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose

“Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“I don't want to be the one who says life is beautiful. I want to be the one who feels it.”
― Marty Rubin

“Maybe if we stopped trying to achieve movie standards of greatness, we'd be happy with what we have.”
― Amber L. Johnson, Puddle Jumping

“The object of this Essay is to assert one very simple principle, as entitled to govern absolutely the dealings of society with the individual in the way of compulsion and control, whether the means used be physical force in the form of legal penalties, or the moral coercion of public opinion. That principle is, that the sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or collectively in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number, is self-protection. That the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant. He cannot rightfully be compelled to do or forbear because it will be better for him to do so, because it will make him happier, because, in the opinions of others, to do so would be wise, or even right. These are good reasons for remonstrating with him, or reasoning with him, or persuading him, or entreating him, but not for compelling him, or visiting him with any evil, in case he do otherwise. To justify that, the conduct from which it is desired to deter him must be calculated to produce evil to someone else. The only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign.”
― John Stuart Mill, On Liberty

“The most beautiful moments in life are moments when you are expressing your joy, not when you are seeking it.”
― Jaggi Vasudev

“Life is so short. The only person you hurt when you stay angry or hold grudges is you. Forgive everyone, including yourself.”
― Tom Giaquinto

“Dads. It’s time to show our sons how to properly treat a woman. It’s time to show our daughters how a girl should expect be treated. It’s time to show forgiveness and compassion. It’s time to show our children empathy. It’s time to break social norms and teach a healthier way of life! It’s time to teach good gender roles and to ditch the unnecessary ones. Does it really matter if your son likes the color pink? Is it going to hurt anybody? Do you not see the damage it inflicts to tell a boy that there is something wrong with him because he likes a certain color? Do we not see the damage we do in labeling our girls “tom boys” or our boys “feminine” just because they have their own likes and opinions on things? Things that really don’t matter?”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers.”
― Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight

“when he smiles it's as if you'd just told him the first joke on earth.”
― Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie

“...The world is full of happy people but no one ever hears of them. You have to fight and make a scandal to get in the papers. No one knows about all the happy people...”
― Gene Stratton-Porter, A Girl of the Limberlost

“I want to tell him that I don't know what i feel. I want him but i'm frightened to want him. I don;t want my happiness to be entirely dependent on somebody else's to be a hostage to fortunes I cannot control.”
― Jojo Moyes, After You

“I think we go well together. I like being with you because I'm never bored. Even when we're not talking, even when we're not touching, even when we're not in the same room, I'm not bored. I'm never bored. I think it's because I have confidence in you, in your thoughts. Do you understand? I love everything I see in you, and everything I don't see. I know your faults, but as it turns out, I feel as though your faults go well with my qualities. We're not afraid of the same things. Even our inner demons go well together! You, you're worth more than you show...”
― Anna Gavalda, Someone I Loved

“I wanted color. I wanted to soar with happiness even if it meant dealing with the weight of fear and guilt, too. I wanted to live.”
― Heather Anastasiu, Glitch

“I think my quarry is illusion. I war against magic. I believe that, though illusion often cheers and comforts, it ultimately and invariably weakens and constricts the spirit.”
― Irvin D. Yalom, Love's Executioner and Other Tales of Psychotherapy

“Happiness is based on a just discrimination of what is necessary, what is neither necessary nor destructive, and what is destructive”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas

“Man…who lives in three places – in the past, in the present, and in the future – can be unhappy if one of these three is worthless. Religion has even added a fourth – eternity.”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg

“Pleasure is the only thing one should live for, nothing ages like happiness.”
― Oscar Wilde

“Happiness is a state of mind. It's just according to the way you look at things.”
― Walt Disney Company

“Happiness was like a green vine spreading through her, stretching fine tendrils, bearing flowers through her flesh.”
― Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt

“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.”
~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Maybe happiness is this: not feeling that you should be elsewhere, doing something else, being someone else.”
― Eric Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World

“I've always believed that happiness is just around the corner. The trick is fining the right corner.”
― Eric Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World

“Vipassana meditation is an ongoing creative purification process. Observation of the moment-to-moment experience cleanses the mental layers, one after another.”
― Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style

“A dim vastness is spread before our souls; the perceptions of our mind are as obscure as those of our vision... But alas! when we have attained our object, when the distant 'there' becomes the present 'here,' all is changed; we are as poor and circumscribed as ever, and our souls still languish for unattainable happiness.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther

“Those who rule the world get so little opportunity to run about and laugh and play in it.”
― Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles

“Some people are so much sunshine to the square inch.”
― Walt Whitman

“There were two ways to be happy: improve your reality, or lower your expectations”
― Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes

“When she absently worried her bottom lip with one of her adorable little fangs, he sighed.
The Enemy of Old fucking sighed.
Dear gods, it’d finally happened to him.
Happiness.
Then his own fangs sharpened.I will kill anyone who tries to take this feeling away from me.”
― Kresley Cole, Lothaire

“Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“De pronto tuve conciencia de que ese momento, de que esa rebanada de cotidianidad, era el grado máximo de bienestar, era la Dicha. Nunca había sido tan plenamente feliz como en ese momento, pero tenía la hiriente sensación de que nunca más volvería a serlo, por lo menos en ese grado, con esa intensidad”
― Mario Benedetti, La tregua

“Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“To be happy--one must find one's bliss”
― Gloria Vanderbilt

“Be happy for no reason, like a child. If you are happy for a reason, you’re in trouble, because that reason can be taken from you.”
― Deepak Chopra

“Money can't buy happiness, but it certainly is a stress reliever.”
― Besa Kosova

“I’ve come to think that flourishing consists of putting yourself in situations in which you lose self-consciousness and become fused with other people, experiences, or tasks. It happens sometimes when you are lost in a hard challenge, or when an artist or a craftsman becomes one with the brush or the tool. It happens sometimes while you’re playing sports, or listening to music or lost in a story, or to some people when they feel enveloped by God’s love. And it happens most when we connect with other people. I’ve come to think that happiness isn’t really produced by conscious accomplishments. Happiness is a measure of how thickly the unconscious parts of our minds are intertwined with other people and with activities. Happiness is determined by how much information and affection flows through us covertly every day and year.”
― David Brooks

“To the European, it is a characteristic of the American culture that, again and again, one is commanded and ordered to 'be happy.' But happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue. One must have a reason to 'be happy.' Once the reason is found, however, one becomes happy automatically. As we see, a human being is not one in pursuit of happiness but rather in search of a reason to become happy, last but not least, through actualizing the potential meaning inherent and dormant in a given situation.”
― Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning

“What is more cheerful, now, in the fall of the year, than an open-wood-fire? Do you hear those little chirps and twitters coming out of that piece of apple-wood? Those are the ghosts of the robins and blue-birds that sang upon the bough when it was in blossom last Spring. In Summer whole flocks of them come fluttering about the fruit-trees under the window: so I have singing birds all the year round.”
― Thomas Bailey Aldrich

“She was happy, yes, in her own way, as best as she knew.
But there’s a difference between a single candle in darkness and a sunrise.”
― Victoria Aveyard, Queen Song

“All animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.”
― Samuel Butler

“A woman's happiness is in throwing everything away to live for love.”
― Ai Yazawa, Paradise Kiss, Vol. 5

“Hearts will break and people will hurt you, darling.” Her mother said. “But when you let those people control your outlook on the life, you only allow them to have a greater hold on your happiness. Once you accept the fact that every day is a new day to begin again, life becomes a much easier path to walk.”
― Courtney Giardina, Holding on to Georgia

“Be Sure To Notice When You're Happy”
― Brenda Farrar-Ejemai

“You are an ocean in a drop of dew,
all the universes in a thin sack of blood.

What are these pleasures then,
these joys, these worlds
that you keep reaching for,
hoping they will make you more alive?”
― Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi

“Actually, I jade very quickly. Once is usually enough. Either once only, or every day. If you do something once it’s exciting, and if you do it every day it’s exciting. But if you do it, say, twice or just almost every day, it’s not good any more.”
― Andy Warhol

“We are more interested in making others believe we are happy than in trying to be happy ourselves.”
― François de La Rochefoucauld

“Happiness is not something that you can find, acquire, or achieve directly. You have to get the conditions right and then wait. Some of those conditions are within you, such as coherence among the parts and levels of your personality. Other conditions require relationships to things beyond you: Just as plants need sun, water, and good soil to thrive, people need love, work, and a connection to something larger. It is worth striving to get the right relationships between yourself and others, between yourself and your work, and between yourself and something larger than yourself. If you get these relationships right, a sense of purpose and meaning will emerge.”
― Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom

“Every sunset is an opportunity to reset.”
― Richie Norton

“When I was in Piazza di Spagna, in Rome, I watched (along with others) how many locals came to drink water from the fountain there. The people beside me said to each other "Oh my goodness, how disgusting, people just drink water from anywhere," while the whole time, I was thinking "Oh my goodness, how wonderful, people can drink water from anywhere." We can be in the exact same place, looking at the exact same thing, but see that thing in a completely different way. You can go around the world, and go to all the beautiful places, but never be happy, because happiness is something that you bring inside of you, it is not where you are or what you are looking at, but it is how you are and how you look at.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“A doctor, a logician and a marine biologist had also just arrived, flown in at phenomenal expense from Maximegalon to try to reason with the lead singer who had locked himself in the bathroom with a bottle of pills and was refusing to come out till it could be proved conclusively to him that he wasn't a fish. The bass player was busy machine-gunning his bedroom and the drummer was nowhere on board.

Frantic inquiries led to the discovery that he was standing on a beach on Santraginus V over a hundred light years away where, he claimed, he had been happy for over half an hour now and had found a small stone that would be his friend.”
― Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe

“Recognizing that you are not where you want to be is a starting point to begin changing your life.”
― Deborah Day

“A Brief for the Defense

Sorrow everywhere. Slaughter everywhere. If babies
are not starving someplace, they are starving
somewhere else. With flies in their nostrils.
But we enjoy our lives because that's what God wants.
Otherwise the mornings before summer dawn would not
be made so fine. The Bengal tiger would not
be fashioned so miraculously well. The poor women
at the fountain are laughing together between
the suffering they have known and the awfulness
in their future, smiling and laughing while somebody
in the village is very sick. There is laughter
every day in the terrible streets of Calcutta,
and the women laugh in the cages of Bombay.
If we deny our happiness, resist our satisfaction,
we lessen the importance of their deprivation.
We must risk delight. We can do without pleasure,
but not delight. Not enjoyment. We must have
the stubbornness to accept our gladness in the ruthless
furnace of this world. To make injustice the only
measure of our attention is to praise the Devil.
If the locomotive of the Lord runs us down,
we should give thanks that the end had magnitude.
We must admit there will be music despite everything.
We stand at the prow again of a small ship
anchored late at night in the tiny port
looking over to the sleeping island: the waterfront
is three shuttered cafés and one naked light burning.
To hear the faint sound of oars in the silence as a rowboat
comes slowly out and then goes back is truly worth
all the years of sorrow that are to come.”
― Jack Gilbert, Refusing Heaven

“One of the biggest favors that you can do for yourself is to accept your loved ones for who they are, and not be constantly disappointed because they are not who you think they should be.”
― Jennifer O'Neill, Inspirational Quotes

“The British do not expect happiness. I had the impression, all the time that I lived there, that they do not want to be happy; they want to be right.”
― Quentin Crisp

“Tis never the place, but the people one shares it with who are the cause of our happiest memories.”
― Susanna Kearsley, The Rose Garden

“Science of happiness lies in our understanding. The secrets of happiness lie in our capacity to expand our heart.”
― Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style

“The secret of happiness is not doing what we like but in liking what we do.”
― J.M. Coetzee

“Leave behind the passive dreaming of a rose-tinted future. The energy of happiness exists in living today with roots sunk firmly in reality's soil.”
― Daisaku Ikeda

“God is the highest good of the reasonable creature. The enjoyment of him is our proper; and is the only happiness with which our souls can be satisfied. To go to heaven, fully to enjoy God, is infinitely better than the most pleasant accommodations here. Better than fathers and mothers, husbands, wives, or children, or the company of any, or all earthly friends. These are but shadows; but the enjoyment of God is the substance. These are but scattered beams; but God is the sun. These are but streams; but God is the fountain. These are but drops, but God is the ocean.”
― Jonathan Edwards, The Works of Jonathan Edwards, Vol. 17: Sermons and Discourses, 1730-1733

“I still believe that peace and plenty and happiness can be worked out some way. I am a fool.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Jailbird

“Point me out the happy man and I will point you out either extreme egotism, selfishness, evil -- or else an absolute ignorance.”
― Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter

“I think by the time you're grown you're as happy as you're goin to be. You'll have good times and bad times, but in the end you'll be about as happy as you was before. Or as unhappy. I've knowed people that just never did get the hang of it.
”
― Cormac McCarthy, No Country for Old Men

“Are you happy?”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“When you find yourself in need of spiritual nourishment, it is in the opportunities to serve others that you will find the abundance you seek.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Have you noticed how nobody ever looks up? Nobody looks at chimneys, or trees against the sky, or the tops of buildings. Everybody just looks down at the pavement or their shoes. The whole world could pass them by and most people wouldn't notice.”
― Julie Andrews Edwards, The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles

“Finding happiness should not be seen as finding a needle in a haystack. Happiness is within. Each day is a blessing that brings an abundance of happiness. Therefore, finding happiness should be like finding a gift in a stack of gifts.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“We can't be so desperate for love that we forget where we can always find it; within.”
― Alexandra Elle

“It is my observations, though, that happiness limits the amount of suffering one is willing to inflict upon others”
― Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart

“How simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. . . . All that is required to feel that here and now is happiness is a simple, frugal heart.”
― Nikos Kazantzakis

“Some people think they can find satisfaction in good food, fine clothes, lively music, and sexual pleasure. However, when they have all these things, they are not satisfied. They realize happiness is not simply having their material needs met. Thus, society has set up a system of rewards that go beyond material goods. These include titles, social recognition, status, and political power, all wrapped up in a package called self-fulfillment. Attracted by these prizes and goaded on by social pressure, people spend their short lives tiring body and mind to chase after these goals. Perhaps this gives them the feeling that they have achieved something in their lives, but in reality they have sacrificed a lot in life. They can no longer see, hear, act, feel, or think from their hearts. Everything they do is dictated by whether it can get them social gains. In the end, they've spent their lives following other people's demands and never lived a life of their own. How different is this from the life of a slave or a prisoner?”
― Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living

“Cheer up and dry your damp eyes,
And tell me when it rains,
And I'll blend up that rainbow above you & shoot it through your veins...
'Cause your heart has a lack of color,
And we should've known
That we'd grow up sooner or later,
'Cause we wasted all our free time alone. <3”
― Owl City

“You don't have to be part of a couple to be happy, you know.”
― Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Alice Alone

“I was entirely happy. Perhaps we feel like that when we die and become a part of something entire, whether it is sun and air. or goodness and knowledge. At any rate, that is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.”
― Willa Cather, My Antonia

“If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust...flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy; How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy... think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy?”
― Al Munoz

“God favors men and women who delight in being made worthy of happiness before the happiness itself.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“An ordinary man can surround himself with two thousand books and thenceforward have at least one place in the world in which it is always possible to be happy.”
― Augustine Birrell

“A piece of happiness should never be taken as due.”
― Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World

“The secret of happiness: Find something more important than you are and dedicate your life to it.”
― Daniel C. Dennett

“Clearly the secret of happiness...is a variation on the general principle of banging your head against a wall, and then stopping.”
― Stef Penney, The Tenderness of Wolves

“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Having made the decision, do not revise it unless some new fact comes to your knowledge. Nothing is so exhausting as indecision, and nothing is so futile.”
― Bertrand Russell, The Conquest of Happiness

“Even though I knew this might end in heartbreak, that he might make my life scary and complicated and unpredictable, I knew I couldn't let him walk away. Because I knew he'd also make my life happy and comforting and full.”
― Kasie West, By Your Side

“Happiness is the most tired word in any language.”
― Erol Ozan

“The formula of happiness and success is just, being actually yourself, in the most vivid possible way you can.”
― meryl streep

“When you think this pain is all you deserve, you are right. You are the only one that can decide how long you will walk in hell.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“You don't feel like smiling? Then what? Force yourself to smile. Act as if you were already happy, and that will tend to make you happy.”
― Celeste Ng, Everything I Never Told You

“Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich

“The Anatomy of Conflict:

If there is no communication then there is no respect. If there is no respect then there is no caring. If there is no caring then there is no understanding. If there is no understanding then there is no compassion. If there is no compassion then there is no empathy. If there is no empathy then there is no forgiveness. If there is no forgiveness then there is no kindness. If there is no kindness then there is no honesty. If there is no honesty then there is no love. If there is no love then God doesn't reside there. If God doesn't reside there then there is no peace. If there is no peace then there is no happiness. If there is no happiness ----then there IS CONFLICT BECAUSE THERE IS NO COMMUNICATION!”
― Shannon L. Alder

“The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness.”
― William Saroyan, My Heart's in the Highlands

“Remember laughing? Laughter enhances the blood flow to the body’s extremities and improves cardiovascular function. Laughter releases endorphins and other natural mood elevating and pain-killing chemicals, improves the transfer of oxygen and nutrients to internal organs.
Laughter boosts the immune system and helps the body fight off disease, cancer cells as well as viral, bacterial and other infections. Being happy is the best cure of all diseases!”
― Patch Adams

“IN THE HANDS OF MAN

He who creates a poison, also has the cure.
He who creates a virus, also has the antidote.
He who creates chaos, also has the ability to create peace.
He who sparks hate, also has the ability to transform it to love.
He who creates misery, also has the ability to destroy it with kindness.
He who creates sadness, also has the ability to to covert it to happiness.
He who creates darkness, can also be awakened to produce illumination.
He who spreads fear, can also be shaken to spread comfort.
Any problems created by the left hand of man,
Can also be solved with the right,
For he who manifests anything,
Also has the ability to
Destroy it.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“A grateful mindset can set you free from the prison of disempowerment and the shackles of misery.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Sky is not a limit for me; because I have no limit for myself in life. Because life is a world full of risk taking and possibilities. No matter how hard or easy life is; I will always find a way to enjoy myself; even in the mist of circumstances; because problems is a sense of adventure in sheep's clothing.”
― Temitope Owosela

“My dearest friend Abigail, These probably could be the last words I write to you and I may not live long enough to see your response but I truly have lived long enough to live forever in the hearts of my friends. I thought a lot about what I should write to you. I thought of giving you blessings and wishes for things of great value to happen to you in future; I thought of appreciating you for being the way you are; I thought to give sweet and lovely compliments for everything about you; I thought to write something in praise of your poems and prose; and I thought of extending my gratitude for being one of the very few sincerest friends I have ever had. But that is what all friends do and they only qualify to remain as a part of the bunch of our loosely connected memories and that's not what I can choose to be, I cannot choose to be lost somewhere in your memories. So I thought of something through which I hope you will remember me for a very long time. I decided to share some part of my story, of what led me here, the part we both have had in common. A past, which changed us and our perception of the world. A past, which shaped our future into an unknown yet exciting opportunity to revisit the lost thoughts and to break free from the libido of our lost dreams. A past, which questioned our whole past. My dear, when the moment of my past struck me, in its highest demonised form, I felt dead, like a dead-man walking in flesh without a soul, who had no reason to live any more. I no longer saw any meaning of life but then I saw no reason to die as well. I travelled to far away lands, running away from friends, family and everyone else and I confined myself to my thoughts, to my feelings and to myself. Hours, days, weeks and months passed and I waited for a moment of magic to happen, a turn of destiny, but nothing happened, nothing ever happens. I waited and I counted each moment of it, thinking about every moment of my life, the good and the bad ones. I then saw how powerful yet weak, bright yet dark, beautiful yet ugly, joyous yet grievous; is a one single moment. One moment makes the difference. Just a one moment. Such appears to be the extreme and undisputed power of a single moment. We live in a world of appearance, Abigail, where the reality lies beyond the appearances, and this is also only what appears to be such powerful when in actuality it is not. I realised that the power of the moment is not in the moment itself. The power, actually, is in us. Every single one of us has the power to make and shape our own moments. It is us who by feeling joyful, celebrate for a moment of success; and it is also us who by feeling saddened, cry and mourn over our losses. I, with all my heart and mind, now embrace this power which lies within us. I wish life offers you more time to make use of this power. Remember, we are our own griefs, my dear, we are our own happinesses and we are our own remedies.

Take care!

Love,
Francis.

Title: Letter to Abigail
Scene: "Death-bed"
Chapter: The Road To Awe”
― Huseyn Raza

“Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.”
― Ingrid Bergman

“We're all pieces of the same ever-changing puzzle;
some connected for mere seconds, some connected for life,
some connected through knowledge, some through belief,
some connected through wisdom, some through Love, and some connected with no explanation at all. Yet, as spiritual beings having a human experience, we're all here for the sensations this reality or illusion has to offer. The best anyone can hope for is the right to be able to Live, Learn, Love then Leave. After that, reap the benefits of their own chosen existence in the hereafter by virtue of simply believing in what they believe. As for here, it took me a while but this progression helped me with my life: "I like myself. I Love myself. I am myself.”
― Stanley Victor Paskavich

“Happiness in this world, when it comes, comes incidentally. Make it the object of pursuit, and it leads us a wild-goose chase, and is never attained. Follow some other object, and very possibly we may find that we have caught happiness without dreaming of it.”
― Nathaniel Hawthorne

“one of the best and the most painful things about time traveling has been the opportunity to see my mother alive.”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“Good morning, Hell-A. In the land of the lotus-eaters, time plays tricks on you. One day you’re dreaming, the next, your dream has become your reality. It was the best of times. If only someone had told me. Mistakes were made, hearts were broken, harsh lessons learned. My family goes on without me, while I drown in a sea of pointless pussy. I don’t know how I got here. But here I am, rotting away in the warm California sun. There are things I need to figure out, for her sake, at least. The clock is ticking. The gap is widening. She won’t always love me “no matter what”
― Hank Moody

“Suffering just means you’re having a bad dream. Happiness means you’re having a good dream. Enlightenment means getting out of the dream altogether.”
― Jed McKenna

“Happiness simply cannot be relied upon as a measure of success.”
― John C. Maxwell, Your Road Map for Success: You Can Get There from Here

“People with a grudge against the world are always dangerous. They seem to think life owes them something. I've known many an invalid who has suffered worse and been cut off from life much more . . . and they've managed to lead happy contented lives. It's what's in yourself that makes you happy or unhappy.”
― Agatha Christie, A Murder Is Announced

“Why did I hope we would be happy abroad? A change of environment is that traditional fallacy upon which doomed loves, and lungs, rely.”
― Vladimir Nabokov

“The business of being happy requires making a conscious choice. People think being happy will just happen to them someday, if only they do this or that right. But it doesn't - you have to choose it. You choose happiness, you don't wait for it to choose you.”
― Bethenny Frankel, A Place of Yes: 10 Rules for Getting Everything You Want Out of Life

“I believe there is a kind of happiness to be found in every thing in life, in all that is good and pleasing, as well as in that which is sad or poignant.”
― Syrie James, The Lost Memoirs of Jane Austen

“Suffering teaches joy.”
― Sonia Rumzi

“I do not care about happiness simply because I believe that joy is something worth fighting for.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“In pursuit of happiness, smart people often end up dumbing down themselves.”
― Erol Ozan

“But, like all happiness, it did not last long…”
― Louisa May Alcott, Little Women

“The decision is mine, and I choose happiness”
― Malori Howell

“I enjoy the wild things,
Call me at 3 am and tell me you're waiting at my door. Give me sunsets in different cities and road trips on dirt tracks not sighted on maps.
Whiskey for breakfast & cheap thrills for dinner.
Give me happiness in a smile and nothing of certainty but the way we make eachother feel.
There so much life in living while you're alive & id give absolutely anything to have it all with you.”
― Nikki rowe

“Lord, make me now
As happy as the field.
With flowers enriched...”
― Eileen Soper

“While you'll feel compelled to charge forward it's often a gentle step back that will reveal to you where you and what you truly seek.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“I sometimes think that shame, mere awkward, senseless shame, does as much towards preventing good acts and straightforward happiness as any of our vices can do.”
― C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed

“Our happiness is completely and utterly intertwined with other people: family and friends and neighbors and the woman you hardly notice who cleans your office. Happiness is not a noun or verb. It's a conjunction. Connective tissue.”
― Eric Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World

“"Mom, Arnie Welsh keeps calling me a geek. He says it like it's a bad thing. Is being a geek a bad thing?"

"Of course not, Soda Pop. And don't listen to labels. They don't matter."

"What are labels?"

"It's an imaginery sticker people slap on you with the word they think you are written on it. It doesn't matter who they think you are. It matters who you think you are."

"I think I might be a geek."

She laughed. "Then you be a geek. Just be whatever makes you happy, Soda Pop, and I'll be happy too.”
― Samantha Young, Before Jamaica Lane

“The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“The tragedy of this world is that no one is happy, whether stuck in a time of pain or joy.”
― Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams

“Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.”
― Benjamin Disraeli

“Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.”
― Margaret Lee Runbeck

“Much of what we called "depression" was really dissatisfaction, a result of setting a bar impossibly high or expecting treasures we weren't willing to work for.”
― Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story

“What is a Wanderess? Bound by no boundaries, contained by no countries, tamed by no time, she is the force of nature’s course.”
― Roman Payne, The Wanderess

“I earnestly wish to point out in what true dignity and human happiness consists. I wish to persuade women to endeavor to acquire strength, both of mind and body, and to convince them that the soft phrases, susceptibility of heart, delicacy of sentiment, and refinement of taste, are almost synonymous with epithets of weakness, and that those beings are only the objects of pity, and that kind of love which has been termed its sister, will soon become objects of contempt.”
― Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman

“Stay away from conflictive, negative people that pull you down, because they contaminate your energy and impede your progress. Search for people who look at the world with optimism, that inspire you, make you happy and provide peace of mind.”
― Pablo

“At any given moment the choice to be happy is present- we just have to choose to be happy.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“She felt an enveloping happiness to be alive, a joy made stronger by the certainty that someday it would all come to an end. Afterward she felt a little foolish, and never spoke to anyone about it.
Now, however, she knows she wasn't being foolish. She realizes that for no particular reason she stumbled into the core of what it is to be human. It's a rare gift to under stand that you life is wondrous, and that it won't last forever. ”
― Steven Galloway, The Cellist of Sarajevo

“The value of a moment is immeasurable. The power of just ONE moment can propel you to success and happiness or chain you to failure and misery.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Stop lying to yourself. When we deny our own truth, we deny our own potential.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“كنت كلما رأيتها في لباسها الفلسطيني المليء بالمزركشات والموتيفات الحية والنوار، اعترتني رغبة في أخذ الفرشاة بجنون وتغميسها في لباسها ورسم أشكال مجنونة من ألوان فستانها”
― واسيني الأعرج, سوناتا لأشباح القدس

“Here at last is her smile: burn it into your memory; you won't see it often.”
― Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao

“Work harder to appreciate your ordinary day.”
― Gretchen Rubin

“Sometimes we assume that the new person in our life is better for us because they are totally different from the last person we dated. Only later do we see that we have chosen a different version of the same thing and they both leave us unsatisfied.”
― Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships

“In a world where happiness has become a social duty and sadness a public offense, life opens unrepentantly into a kaleidoscopic masquerade and a muddling carousel of faking. ("Even if the world goes down, my mobile will save me" )”
― Erik Pevernagie

“When we are fairly observant and overly patient, a vibration of happiness might crop up unwittingly, as we capture the “timelessness” of a lucky moment and a sparkle of a stray instant, unexpectedly, enraptures our life in a blaze of color and splendor. ( "Happy days are back again" )”
― Erik Pevernagie

“Love, I thought to myself abstractedly. Not 'This is love' or 'Is this love?' Not a sentence, not a certainty, not a thought with moving parts or direction. Just love, all of it, as it is. Whether it's enough or not. Wthether it's real or we're making it up. However shoddy it gets, or bent out of shape. It's still extraordinary. However foolish, however vain. However badly it ends. Love.”
― Julian Gough, Juno & Juliet

“Maybe this is a characteristic of happy people. An ability to be entertained by the world.”
― Clare Morrall, The Language Of Others

“Happiness is the best revenge”
― Jacki Kane, Sass Mouth: Destiny is a Joke

“It's all about the smiles!”
― Emmy Swain

“The Smartphone has become a young divine embodying the ultimate desire and saving us from droopiness or lack of care and concern. It is the epitome of happiness, encompassing pleasure and contentment, but for sure does not allow woe and depression. ("Even if the world goes down, my mobile will save me" )”
― Erik Pevernagie

“Not all boats which sail into darkness never find the sun again, or the hand of another child; if life teaches anything at all, it teaches that there are so many happy endings that man who believes there is no God needs his rationality called into serious question.”
― Stephen King, It

“She still cared for me, and the best way I could make amends to her was to be happy.

I do have a knack for finding great women.”
― Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot

“Happiness is having the freedom to do what you love.”
― A.G. Stranger

“Happiness is not a sin, so let’s spread our wings and prepare to be lucky. ("C’est quand le bonheur ?")”
― Erik Pevernagie

“Remember, someone, somewhere in some corner of this somewhat big world, is out there crying if you’re unhappy and is happy if you are! And you know who that someone is!”
― Faraaz Kazi

“Straight lines go too quickly to appreciate the pleasures of the journey. They rush straight to their target and then die in the very moment of their triumph without having thought, loved, suffered or enjoyed themselves. Broken lines do not know what they want. With their caprices they cut time up, abuse routes, slash the joyous flowers and split the peaceful fruits with their corners. It is another story with curved lines. The song of the curved line is called happiness.”
― Rene Crevel

“Happiness is something you lay siege to, it is a battle like a game of go. I will take hold of all the pain and snuff it out.”
― Shan Sa, The Girl Who Played Go

“It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.”
― Germany Kent

“Happiness was never important. The problem is that we don't know what we really want. What makes us happy is not to get what we want. But to dream about it. Happiness is for opportunists. So I think that the only life of deep satisfaction is a life of eternal struggle, especially struggle with oneself. If you want to remain happy, just remain stupid. Authentic masters are never happy; happiness is a category of slaves.”
― Slavoj Žižek

“Insecurities have the ability to shape and mold our minds to live with everything that’s bad; like crying on the inside, while smiling on the outside…thus creating pain…but, alas, I have the answer; forget about what you thought and enjoy (embrace) what you feel”
― Jeremy Aldana

“I don't have a diary, I don't write things into a diary. I imprint myself into the sky and when the sunlight shines brightly, I can stand under the sun's rays and everything I have imprinted of myself into the sky, I will begin to see again, feel again, remember. And when the wind begins to blow, it blows the details over my face, and I remember everything I left in the sky and see new things being born. I am unwritten.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Talking about someone who makes you happy actually makes you happy.”
― Elizabeth Scott, Bloom

“I’d rather be miserable loving you than happy with anyone else.”
― Angela Morrison, Sing Me to Sleep

“My request today is simple. Today. Tomorrow. Next week. Find somebody, anybody, that’s different than you. Somebody that has made you feel ill-will or even hateful. Somebody whose life decisions have made you uncomfortable. Somebody who practices a different religion than you do. Somebody who has been lost to addiction. Somebody with a criminal past. Somebody who dresses “below” you. Somebody with disabilities. Somebody who lives an alternative lifestyle. Somebody without a home.

Somebody that you, until now, would always avoid, always look down on, and always be disgusted by.

Reach your arm out and put it around them.

And then, tell them they’re all right. Tell them they have a friend. Tell them you love them.

If you or I wanna make a change in this world, that’s where we’re gonna be able to do it. That’s where we’ll start.

Every. Single. Time.”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“True happiness, we are told, consists in getting out of one's self; but the point is not only to get out - you must stay out; and to stay out you must have some absorbing errand.”
― Henry James, Roderick Hudson

“I do want more. I am not content with being happy. I was not made for it. It is not my destiny. My destiny is the opposite.”
― Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf

“Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think. So start each day by thinking of all the things you have to be thankful for. Your future will depend very largely on the thoughts you think today. So think thoughts of hope and confidence and love and success.”
― Dale Carnegie

“Monsters don’t get happy endings.”
― Paula Stokes, Ferocious

“and we laugh and laugh and
all I know is
at this moment I feel like
I can do anything I want
and be anyone I want
and go anywhere on the globe
and still call it home”
― Kirsten Smith, The Geography of Girlhood

“Happily Single" is recognizing that you don’t need or want to be rescued from your life by a handsome prince because your life is pretty awesome, as is.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“There's a difference between living and just surviving. Do something you love, and find someone to love who loves that you love what you do.
It is really that simple.
And that hard.”
― John Connolly, The Infernals

“Happiness comes from righteous living and the development of a noble character. You can observe this by noticing that people who are truly happy are honest, unselfish, kind, responsible and have a high moral standards. On the other hand, unhappy people are invariably selfish, lazy, irresponsible and lacking of self discipline. And people who are miserable tend to be immoral, dishonest, greedy, cruel, or in other ways dark in character. ”
― Helen B. Andelin

“You don’t have to be happy to smile.”
― Daniel Willey

“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.”
― Roy Bennett

“Happiness is what you choose, what you follow, not what follows you. These are the things I have seen, these are the things I now know, these are the things I will carry with me as I go.”
― Allison Winn Scotch

“When you win and the other fellow loses, what do you see? A losing face. There is great joy in losing and making the other person win and have a happy face. Who will be the happiest person? The one who brings happiness to others.”
― Sri Swami Satchidananda

“my child, if you want to have a beautiful and happy life... 2 things you need... learn the art of love and practice it with your beloved one.”
― Carlos Barrios

“Those who think money can't buy happiness just don't know where to shop … People would be happier and healthier if they took more time off and spent it with their family and friends, yet America has long been heading in the opposite direction. People would be happier if they reduced their commuting time, even if it meant living in smaller houses, yet American trends are toward even larger houses and ever longer commutes. People would be happier and healthier if they took longer vacations even if that meant earning less, yet vacation times are shrinking in the United States, and in Europe as well. People would be happier, and in the long run and wealthier, if they bought basic functional appliances, automobiles, and wristwatches, and invested the money they saved for future consumption; yet, Americans and in particular spend almost everything they have – and sometimes more – on goods for present consumption, often paying a large premium for designer names and superfluous features.”
― Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom

“We often fully sense and relish the radiance of happiness only after it is has escaped through the backstage door, stealthily and silently. ("Happy days are back again")”
― Erik Pevernagie

“The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist: a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain. If you can’t lick ‘em, join ‘em. If it hurts, repeat it. But to praise despair is to condemn delight, to embrace violence is to lose hold of everything else. We have almost lost hold; we can no longer describe a happy man, nor make any celebration of joy.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters, Volume 1

“You know what my father told me when I was little, one day, when he found me crying? He told me that God gave people a fixed number of tears and are of two kinds: tears of sadness and tears of happiness. And that I should not waste my tears elsewhere, but keep them for the moments of happiness. Would be a shame to not have tears to cry then ... ”
― Irina Binder , Fluturi

“There is something beautiful about watching two people lovingly act silly together; behaving as though no one else existed.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.”
― Wil Zeus, Sun Beyond the Clouds

“Everyone who is not happy must be shot.”
― John le Carré, The Little Drummer Girl

“Wake up! If you knew for certain that you had a terminal illness - if you had precious little time left to make use of your life and consider who you are, you'd not waste time on self-indulgence or fear, lethargy or ambition. Be happy now, without reason - or you never will be at all.”
― Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives

“Happy is the soul that has a friend. Happier is the soul that trusts in the truth of the heart of a friend. Happiest is the soul that knows the solemnity of friendship and honours its laws.”
― Ogwo David Emenike

“Happiness isn't always easy," he'd said. "But it's a priority.”
― Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band

“You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them.”
― Albert Camus

“If you always attach positive emotions to the things you want, and never attach negative emotions to the things you don't, then that which you desire most will invariably come your way.”
― Matt D. Miller

“Deep within everyone's heart there always remains a sense of longing for that hour, that summer, that one brief moment of blossoming. For several weeks or months, rarely longer, a beautiful young woman lives outside ordinary life. She is intoxicated. She feels as if she exists beyond time, beyond its laws; she experiences not the monotonous succession of days passing by, but moments of intense, almost desperate happiness.”
― Irene Nemirovsky, Jezebel

“He went to the church, and walked about the streets, and watched the people hurrying to and for, and patted the children on the head, and questioned beggars, and looked down into the kitchens of homes, and up to the windows, and found that everything could yield him pleasure. He had never dreamed of any walk, that anything, could give him so much happiness. (p. 119)”
― Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol

“To like many people spontaneously and without effort is perhaps the greatest of all sources of personal happiness.”
― Bertrand Russell

“And for a moment―for a split second―everything else falls away, the whole pattern and order of my life, and a huge joy crests in my chest. I am no one, and I owe nothing to anybody, and my life is my own.”
― Lauren Oliver, Hana

“Sometimes when you're young, you have moments of such happiness, you think you're living on someplace magical, like Atlantis must have been. Then we grow up and our hearts break into two.”
― Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis

“Most people think, when they're young, that they're going to the top of their chosen world, and that the climb up is only a formality. Without that faith, I suppose, they might never start. Somewhere on the way they lift their eyes to the summit and know they aren't going to reach it; and happiness then is looking down and enjoying the view they've got, not envying the one they haven't.”
― Dick Francis, Reflex

“May those who follow their fate be granted happiness; may those who defy it be granted glory”
― Mizuo Shinonome, Princess TuTu, Vol. 1

“Because I was more often happy for other people, I got to spend more time being happy. And as I saw more light in everybody else, I seemed to have more myself. (250)”
― Victoria Moran, Lit From Within: Tending Your Soul For Lifelong Beauty

“You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Perhaps some people really are born unhappy. I surely hope not. Speaking for my sister and myself: We were born with the capacity and determination to be utterly happy all the time. Perhaps even in this we were freaks. Hi ho.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!

“Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“We have everything we need to be happy, but we aren't happy. Something's missing.”
― Ray Bradbury

“We are young, but We already know that in life's great game those who are most unhappy are those who haven't taken the risk to be happy. 
And I don't want to be one of those”
― Guillaume Musso, Que serais-je sans toi?

“Happiness must be grown in one's own garden. ”
― Mary Engelbreit

“A life of happiness, peace, and love is all within our grasp.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“JOY goes against the foundations of mathematics: it multiplies when we divide.”
― Paulo Coelho

“You will be your best self when you take time to understand what you really need, feel and want.”
― Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!

“Taking a risk to survive isn’t that impressive. Taking a risk to be happy, that takes guts.”
― Sarah Noffke, Revived

“Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Well,’ you may ask, ‘how may I know when I am in love?’

. . . George Q. Morris [who later became a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, gave this reply]: ‘My mother once said that if you meet a girl in whose presence you feel a desire to achieve, who inspires you to do your best, and to make the most of yourself, such a young woman is worthy of your love and is awakening love in your heart.”
― David O. McKay

“But I need solitude--which is to say, recovery, return to myself, the breath of a free, light, playful air.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals / Ecce Homo

“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.”
~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
― Aaron Lauritsen

“If we live our lives looking for the excitement and exhilaration that change can bring, we will be much happier than when we are eventually forced to accept it anyways.”
― Daniel Willey

“We’re young, we’re not monsters, no fools: we’ll conquer happiness for ourselves.”
― Ivan Turgenev

“And although it might be best of all to be Socrates satisfied, having both happiness and depth, we would give up some happiness in order to gain the depth.”
― Robert Nozick, The Examined Life: Philosophical Meditations

“The more material we lose, the less we have. The less we have, the more we win.”
― Anthony Liccione

“Happiness is the pleasantest of emotions; because of this, it is the most dangerous. Having once felt happiness, one will do anything to maintain it, and losing it, one will grieve.”
― Kij Johnson, The Fox Woman

“The ways of happiness and meaning are not the same. To find happiness, a man need only live in the moment; he need only live for the moment. But if he wants meaning—the meaning of his dreams, his secrets, his life—a man must reinhabit his past, however dark, and live for the future, however uncertain. Thus nature dangles happiness and meaning before us all, insisting only that we choose between them.”
― Jed Rubenfeld, The Interpretation of Murder

“Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our disposition and not on our circumstances.”
― Martha Washington

“The devil's happy when the critics run you off.”
― Criss Jami, Venus in Arms

“Last weekend a young man asked me how I remain so positive. “It seems all the negativity in the world doesn’t affect you,” he said. I had no more than a minute with the young man so I offered this: It’s all about where you choose to put your attention, and I choose to be happy.”
― Jason Mraz

“We all look for happiness, but without knowing where to find it: like drunkards who look for their house, knowing dimly that they have one”
― Voltaire

“Live Today! Do not allow your spirit to be softened of your happiness to be limited by a day you cannot have back or a day that does not yet exist.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I sit quietly and think about my mom. It's funny how memory erodes, If all I had to work from were my childhood memories, my knowledge of my mother would be faded and soft, with a few sharp memories standing out.”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“Who’s happy? Happy is just what people think they are when they can’t find anything to bitch about.”
― Rasmenia Massoud, Human Detritus

“The happiness you feel is in direct proportion to the love you give.”
― Oprah Winfrey

“Sometimes it just feels really really wonderful to be alive.”
― Doug Coupland

“The happiness of love is in action; its test is what one is willing to do for others.”
― Lew Wallace, Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ

“You can be right or you can be happy.”
― Gerald G. Jampolsky, Love Is Letting Go of Fear

“How exquisitely human was the wish for permanent happiness, and how thin human imagination became trying to achieve it.”
― Toni Morrison, Paradise

“If you are a dreamer, come in,
If you are a dreamer, a wisher, a liar,
A hope-er, a pray-er, a magic bean buyer...
If you're a pretender, come sit by my fire
For we have some flax-golden tales to spin.
Come in!
Come in!”
― Shel Silverstein

“Happiness doesn't have to be chased...it merely has to be chosen.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“Today is Your Day to Dance Lightly with Life. It Really Is.”
― Jonathan Lockwood Huie

“When we fulfill our function, which is to truly love ourselves and share love with others, then true happiness sets in.”
― Gabrielle Bernstein, May Cause Miracles: A 40-Day Guidebook of Subtle Shifts for Radical Change and Unlimited Happiness

“Happiness isn't a thing. You can't go out and get it like a cup of tea. It's the way you feel about things.”
― Diana Wynne Jones, Fire and Hemlock

“Erase from your vocabulary the word “someday.” Do not save things for “special occasions.” Take into account the fact that every day is special. Every day is a gift that we must appreciate and be thankful for. Wear your attractive clothes, wear your nice perfume, use your fine silverware and dishes, and drink from your expensive crystal glasses … just because. Live every day to the fullest and savor every minute of it.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“A psychiatrist once told me early in treatment, “Stop trying to make me like you,” and what a sobering and welcome smack in the face that statement was. Yet somehow, every day of my life is still a campaign for popularity, or better yet, a crowded funeral.”
― John Waters

“Max." Fang let go of my hand. "Right now, it's really all about—us."

He swooped down to the right in a big semicircle, ending facing me. Slowly we climbed upward, until we were almost vertical, flying straight up to the sun.

While carefully synchronizing our wings—they almost touched—Fang leaned in, gently put one hand behind my neck, and kissed me. It was just about as close to heaven as I'll ever get, I guess. I closed my eyes, lost in the feeling of flying and kissing and being with the one person in the world I completely,
utterly trusted.

When we finally broke apart, we looked down at the others, who were way far below us now. Angel was shading her eyes, looking up at us with a big smile. She was sitting on a dolphin's back, and I hoped soon someone would explain to the dolphin that he shouldn't let Angel take advantage of his good nature.

Still looking up at us, Angel gave us a big thumbs-up.


"She approves," Fang said with a hint of amusement.
"Jeez," I wondered aloud. "Is that a good thing or a bad thing?”
― James Patterson, Max

“Yes, faith; it is my cousin's duty to make curtsy and say 'Father, as it please you.' But yet for all that, cousin, let him be a handsome fellow, or else make another curtsy and say 'Father, as it please me.”
― William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing

“Pure joy is rare. That’s why for every meal I eat a really bloody steak.”
― Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic

“It had seemed like the beginning of happiness, and Clarissa is still sometimes shocked, more than thirty years later to realize that it was happiness; that the entire experience lay in a kiss and a walk. The anticipation of dinner and a book. The dinner is by now forgotten; Lessing has been long overshadowed by other writers. What lives undimmed in Clarissa's mind more than three decades later is a kiss at dusk on a patch of dead grass, and a walk around a pond as mosquitoes droned in the darkening air. There is still that singular perfection, and its perfect in part because it seemed, at the time, so clearly to promise more. Now she knows: That was the moment, right then. There has been no other.”
― Michael Cunningham

“People who say that money can't buy happiness just don't know where to shop.”
― Kathy Lette

“I had always been taught that the pursuit of happiness was my natural (even national) birthright. It is the emotional trademark of my culture to seek happiness. Not just any kind of happiness, either, but profound happiness, even soaring happiness. And what could possibly bring a person more soaring happiness than romantic love.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage

“To live long and achieve happiness, cultivate the art of radiating happiness.”
― Malcolm Forbes

“Every year I live I am more convinced that the waste of life lies in the love we have not given, the powers we have not used, the selfish prudence which will risk nothing, and which, shirking pain, misses happiness as well.”
― Mary Cholmondeley, Red Pottage

“Happiness, it has been observed, is best achieved by those who have been most unhappy heretofore.”
― Millard Kaufman, Bowl of Cherries

“Having a bunch of cats around is good. If you're feeling bad, just look at the cats, you'll feel better, because they know that everything is, just as it is.”
― Charles Bukowski, On Cats

“You and your purpose in life are the same thing. Your purpose is to be you.”
― George Alexiou

“The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness.”
― Deepak Chopra

“Friendship is thinking of the other person first.”
― George Alexiou

“I would cling to unhappiness because it was a known, familiar state. When I was happier, it was because I knew I was on my way back to misery. I've never been convinced that happiness is the object of the game. I'm wary of happiness.”
― Hugh Laurie

“Happiness does not depend on outward circumstances, but on the state of the heart.”
― J.C. Ryle, A Call to Prayer

“Happiness consists not of having, but of being; not of possessing, but of enjoying. It is a warm glow of the heart at peace with itself. A martyr at the stake may have happiness that a king on his throne might envy. Man is the creator of his own happiness. It is the aroma of life, lived in harmony with high ideals. For what a man has he may be dependent upon others; what he is rests with him alone.”
― David O. McKay, Pathways to Happiness

“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“To be happy you must have taken the measure of your powers, tasted the fruits of your passion, and learned your place in the world.”
― George Santayana

“The only horrible thing in the world is ennui.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“There is nothing worse for the lying soul than the mirror of reality.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away. ”
― Anna Pavlova

“Our life is like a land journey, too even and easy and dull over long distances across the plains, too hard and painful up the steep grades; but, on the summits of the mountain, you have a magnificent view--and feel exalted--and your eyes are full of happy tears--and you want to sing--and wish you had wings! And then--you can't stay there, but must continue your journey--you begin climbing down the other side, so busy with your footholds that your summit experience is forgotten.”
― Lloyd C. Douglas, The Robe

“When we give freely, we feel full and complete; when we withhold, we feel small, petty, impotent, and lacking. We are meant to learn this great truth, that giving fulfills us, while withholding and trying to get causes us to feel empty and even more needy. This truth runs counter to our programming, which drives us to try to get something from others to fulfill our neediness, only to end up even more needy, grasping, lacking, and unfulfilled.”
― Gina Lake, What About Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment

“Nourishing yourself in a way that helps you blossom in the direction you want to go is attainable, and you are worth the effort.”
― Deborah Day

“The advance of regret can be so gradual that it is impossible to say "yesterday I was happy, today I am not.”
― E.M. Forster, Where Angels Fear to Tread

“People, he thought, were as hungry for a sight of joy as he had always been--for a moment's relief from that gray load of suffering which seemed so inexplicable and unnecessary. He had never been able to understand why men should be unhappy.”
― Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged

“Berhentilah mencari laki-laki untuk membuatmu baagia.
Mulailah menjadi perempuan bahagia yang dicari laki-laki.”
― Christian Simamora, Guilty Pleasure

“Where happiness was not a possibility, the illusion of it was always more important.”
― Colum McCann, Zoli

“Helping others is the secret sauce to a happy life.”
― Todd Stocker, Refined: Turning Pain Into Purpose

“Make the most of every moment. Get excited about every little thing. Why not? Why not have your wonderful moment of excited anticipation? Why not be happy NOW? This is my greatest challenge, but something I'm pouring my heart into: learning how to enjoy what I have, right here, right now. Every moment is precious and although sometimes I struggle to see it, I see it more and more every day.”
― Bethenny Frankel, A Place of Yes: 10 Rules for Getting Everything You Want Out of Life

“I am thankful when I am hungry because then I know that when I eat, the food will taste better. Life has taught me that my true contentment rests in hope, and the pleasure itself is secondary. It is self-awareness, not happiness, that maintains peace.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Well, I am happy, and I won't fret, but it does seem as if the more one gets the more one wants…”
― Louisa May Alcott, Little Women

“The most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries, that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion. It has been the most dishonourable belief against the character of the divinity, the most destructive to morality, and the peace and happiness of man, that ever was propagated since man began to exist. It is better, far better, that we admitted, if it were possible, a thousand devils to roam at large, and to preach publicly the doctrine of devils, if there were any such, than that we permitted one such impostor and monster as Moses, Joshua, Samuel, and the Bible prophets, to come with the pretended word of God in his mouth, and have credit among us.

Whence arose all the horrid assassinations of whole nations of men, women, and infants, with which the Bible is filled; and the bloody persecutions, and tortures unto death and religious wars, that since that time have laid Europe in blood and ashes; whence arose they, but from this impious thing called revealed religion, and this monstrous belief that God has spoken to man? The lies of the Bible have been the cause of the one, and the lies of the Testament of the other.”
― Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason

“God is peace, bliss, beauty and truth. Focus your energy on that, life will be like that.”
― Amit Ray

“Adventure works in any strand—it calls to those who care more for living than for their lives.”
― Amal El-Mohtar, This Is How You Lose the Time War

“Happiness is the lucky pane of glass you carry in your head. It takes all your cunning just to hang on to it, and once it's smashed you have to move into a different sort of life.”
― Carol Shields, Unless

“The pursuit of happiness is internal.”
― Akiah Watts, Fragments

“السعادة شيء ينبع من داخل الإنسان ولا يستورد من خارجه، وإذا كانت السعادة شجرة منبتها النفس البشرية والقلب الإنساني، فإن الإيمان بالله والدار الآخرة هو ماؤها.. وغذائها.. وهوائها.. وضياؤها”
― يوسف القرضاوي

“You are so intense. Like a storm. It's shocking how intense you are.”
― Francesca Lia Block, Blood Roses

“Most of all, I'll remind them each morning that we make a choice to bring positivity or negativity into the world, and that within every single person where lies an extraordinary story waiting to unfold.”
― Adam Braun, The Promise of a Pencil: How an Ordinary Person Can Create Extraordinary Change

“Sometimes I wish life was written pencil so we could erase it and write it all over again.”
― Thisuri Wanniarachchi, COLOMBO STREETS

“...because if you can make yourself happy in the rain then you're doing pretty alright in life.”
― David Levithan, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist

“Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go… you are a part of everything.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today.”
― Groucho Marx

“The best parts of life are the things we can't plan. And it's a lot harder to find happiness if you're only searching in one place. Sometimes, you just have to throw away the map. Admit that you don't know where you're going and stop pressuring yourself to figure it out. Besides...a map is a life someone else already lived. It's more fun to make your own.”
― Cora Carmack, Finding It

“...the face has limited space. My mother used to say, if you fill your face with laughing, there will be no more room for crying.”
― Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance

“Probably the wisest words that were ever uttered to me. Came from a therapist. I was sitting in her office, crying my eyes out. . . and she said, "So let me get this straight. You base your personal happiness on things entirely out of your control.”
― Laura Munson, This Is Not The Story You Think It Is: A Season of Unlikely Happiness

“An important decision I made was to resist playing the Blame Game. The day I realized that I am in charge of how I will approach problems in my life, that things will turn out better or worse because of me and nobody else, that was the day I knew I would be a happier and healthier person. And that was the day I knew I could truly build a life that matters.”
― Steve Goodier

“Take responsibility for your own happiness, do not expect people or things to bring you happiness, or you could be disappointed.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“The negation of severe suffering was the nearest approach to happiness I expected to know. Besides, I seemed to hold two lives - the life of thought, and that of reality.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Villette

“Justice is the only worship.
Love is the only priest.
Ignorance is the only slavery.
Happiness is the only good.
The time to be happy is now,
The place to be happy is here,
The way to be happy is to make others so.
Wisdom is the science of happiness.”
― Robert Green Ingersoll

“Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.”
― Ernest Barbaric

“Stop wasting your time looking for the key to happiness… the door is open and unlocked… just walk through it.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The road is long, we carry on, try to have fun in the meantime.”
― Lana Del Rey

“We try to fix the outside so much, but our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory.”
― Matthieu Ricard, Happiness: A Guide to Developing Life's Most Important Skill

“when happiness makes a guest appearance in one's life,it's important to make the most of it.It may not stay around for long and when it has gone wouldn't it be terrible to think that all the time one could have been happy was wasted worrying when the happiness would be taken away.”
― Marian Keyes, Watermelon

“Live your life, sing your song. Not full of expectations. Not for the ovations. But for the joy of it.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“When I saw you, I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew”
― William Shakespeare

“Life isn't all grand, but it isn't all miserable either.  There's both sweet and sour in every day.  So why focus on the ugly when you can gaze at what's beautiful?  Concentrate on the good.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“Happiness is good, but well-overrated: what we hate most are the very motivators that put us in gear. A man drifts along with little to contribute until something agitates him enough to make a difference, whether for himself or for his communities.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“The media represents world that is more real than reality that we can experience. People lose the ability to distinguish between reality and fantasy. They also begin to engage with the fantasy without realizing what it really is.
They seek happiness and fulfilment through the simulacra of reality, e.g. media and avoid the contact/interaction with the real world.”
― Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation

“To enlarge the sphere of social happiness is worthy of the benevolent design of a Masonic institution; and it is most fervently to be wished, that the conduct of every member of the fraternity, as well as those publications, that discover the principles which actuate them, may tend to convince mankind that the grand object of Masonry is to promote the happiness of the human race.

[Letter to the Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, January 1793]”
― George Washington, Writings

“If you want good luck; you must go out there and search for that luck!! Because luck is waiting for you to look for it.”
― Temitope Owosela

“The reasons we don’t sleep at night are usually the same reasons we don’t truly live during the day.”
― Michael Xavier

“Making money isn't hard in itself,what's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting your life to”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“The more honest you are, the more open, the less fear you will have, because there's no anxiety about being exposed or revealed to others.”
― Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness

“I ran across an excerpt today (in English translation) of some dialogue/narration from the modern popular writer, Paulo Coelho in his book: Aleph.(Note: bracketed text is mine.)... 'I spoke to three scholars,' [the character says 'at last.'] ...two of them said that, after death, the [sic (misprint, fault of the publisher)] just go to Paradise. The third one, though, told me to consult some verses from the Koran. [end quote]' ...I can see that he's excited. [narrator]' ...Now I have many positive things to say about Coelho: He is respectable, inspiring as a man, a truth-seeker, and an appealing writer; but one should hesitate to call him a 'literary' writer based on this quote. A 'literary' author knows that a character's excitement should be 'shown' in his or her dialogue and not in the narrator's commentary on it. Advice for Coelho: Remove the 'I can see that he's excited' sentence and show his excitement in the phrasing of his quote.(Now, in defense of Coelho, I am firmly of the opinion, having myself written plenty of prose that is flawed, that a novelist should be forgiven for slipping here and there.)Lastly, it appears that a belief in reincarnation is of great interest to Mr. Coelho ... Just think! He is a man who has achieved, (as Leonard Cohen would call it), 'a remote human possibility.' He has won lots of fame and tons of money. And yet, how his preoccupation with reincarnation—none other than an interest in being born again as somebody else—suggests that he is not happy!”
― Roman Payne

“Happiness is an illusion, Natalie. It doesn't actually exist."

"Of course it does," I said. "It's what you feel when you're not sad."

"That's unconsciousness. And I'm pretty sure that I'm miserable when I am unconscious, too.”
― Lee Goldberg, Mr. Monk on the Couch

“We are all doomed to seek our own happiness; we can't help ourselves. We are all, the cruel and the gentle alike, condemned to seeking that happiness in the dark. We use our need as the blind use a walking stick, to determine the safety of every forward step. ”
― Jesse Browner

“Learn to love someone when they least deserve it, because that is when they need your love most.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“Today, just take time to smell the roses, enjoy those little things about your life, your family, spouse, friends, job. Forget about the thorns -the pains and problems they cause you - and enjoy life”
― Bernard Kelvin Clive, Your Dreams Will Not Die

“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.”
― Dale Carnegie

“Those who wish to sing always find a song.”
― Swedish proverb

“I like living, breathing better than working...my art is that of living. Each second, each breath is a work which is inscribed nowhere, which is neither visual nor cerebral, it's a sort of constant euphoria.”
― Marcel Duchamp

“I learned you pay for your happiness. That's why I don't expect to be happy all the time. I'd rather be surprised by one moment every so often to remind me that joy is possible, even if I have to pay for it later.”
― Esmeralda Santiago, Conquistadora

“Then the world will be for the common people, and the sounds of happiness will reach the deepest springs. Ah! Come! People of every land, how can you not be roused.”
― Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto

“All things, even the deepest sorrow or the most profound happiness are all temporary. Hope is fuel for the soul, without hope, forward motion ceases.”
― Landon Parham, First Night of Summer

“You can be happy with money and you can be wretched with it. It depends on what kind of person you are. -- A Prologue to Love”
― Taylor Caldwell

“Acceptance means no complaining, and happiness means no complaining about the things over which you can do nothing.”
― Wayne W. Dyer, Your Erroneous Zones

“I learned from a very young age that if I persued the things that truly excited me, that they would reward in more important ways, like happiness.”
― Brandon Boyd

“Freddie often fold me that you've got to be happy when you can, because life won't wait for you to take the time. And she was right.”
― April Genevieve Tucholke, Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea

“I want to feel what I feel. What's mine. Even if it's not happiness, whatever that means. Because you're all you've got.”
― Toni Morrison

“She was not too young to be wise, but she was too young to know that wisdom
shouldn't be spoken aloud when you are happy.”
― Graham Greene, Loser Takes All

“تعرفون اني لم أكن ملاكا طيلة الوقت , و أن الخلافات كانت تحدث من حيت لآخر , لكن لو نظرت للصورة الإجمالية من بعيد -حين تختفي البقع السوداء الصغيرة
لأدركت اننا سعيدين حقا ..”
― أحمد خالد توفيق

“Against eternal injustice, man must assert justice, and to protest against the universe of grief, he must create happiness.”
― Albert Camus

“... too much brooding, not enough doing.”
― Timothy Findley

“No happiness in the writer, no happiness in the reader.”
― Gabrielle Dubois

“Once he said to her: 'You are like me; you are different from other people. You are Kamala and no one else, and within you there is a stillness and sanctuary to which you can retreat any time and be yourself, just as I can. Few people have that capacity and yet everyone could have it.”
― Herman Hesse

“Nos-tal-gic,’ Akira said, as though it were a word he had been struggling to find. Then he said a word in Japanese, perhaps the Japanese for ‘nostalgic.’ ‘Nos-tal-gic. It is good to be nos-tal-gic. Very important.’

‘Really, old fellow?’

‘Important. Very important. Nostalgic. When we nostalgic, we remember. A world better than this world we discover when we grow. We remember and wish good world come back again. So very important. Just now, I had dream. I was boy. Mother, Father, close to me. in our house.’

He fell silent and continued to gaze across the rubble.

‘Akira,’ I said, sensing that the longer this talk went on, the greater was some danger I did not wish fully to articulate. ‘We should move on. We have much to do.”
― Kazuo Ishiguro, When We Were Orphans

“Raise you awareness and share your uniqueness to the world.”
― Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step

“There is no key to open the heart of another - except curiosity.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“Now I know what success is: living your truth, sharing it.”
― Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth

“True friends don't come with conditions.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Men spend their lives in anticipations,—in determining to be vastly happy at some period when they have time. But the present time has one advantage over every other—it is our own. Past opportunities are gone, future have not come. We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine; but if we defer the tasting of them too long, we shall find that both are soured by age.”
― Charles Caleb Colton

“No other technique for the conduct of life attaches the individual so firmly to reality as laying emphasis on work; for his work at least gives him a secure place in a portion of reality, in the human community. The possibility it offers of displacing a large amount of libidinal components, whether narcissistic, aggressive or even erotic, on to professional work and on to the human relations connected with it lends it a value by no means second to what it enjoys as something indispensible to the preservation and justification of existence in society. Professional activity is a source of special satisfaction if it is a freely chosen one — if, that is to say, by means of sublimation, it makes possible the use of existing inclinations, of persisting or constitutionally reinforced instinctual impulses. And yet, as a path to happiness, work is not highly prized by men. They do not strive after it as they do after other possibilities of satisfaction. The great majority of people only work under the stress of necessity, and this natural human aversion to work raises most difficult social problems.”
― Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents

“The rider evolved to serve to the elephant.”
― Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom

“How can you tell somebody who is pursuing happiness that they're somehow not American when that was the very first promise that America made?”
― Dan Savage

“Don't show a friend your gift, or your bag of money if you still want to maintain your relationship, but if nay, go on, and all you'll see is hate and jealousy, and you'll fight with him in the street like a dog and all you'll feel is regret.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“The secret to happiness is the journey, not the destination.”
― Claire Chilton

“Three o'clock in the morning. The soft April night is looking at my windows and caressingly winking at me with its stars. I can't sleep, I am so happy.”
― Anton Chekhov, About Love and Other Stories

“If you pursue happiness, you are an ordinary person. If happiness pursues you, you are an extraordinary person. Do not chase happiness; let it chase you.”
― Peter Deunov

“Everyone chases after happiness, not noticing that happiness is at their heels.”
― Bertolt Brecht

“The only way to avoid being miserable is not to have enough leisure to wonder whether you are happy or not.”
― Bernard Shaw

“When you let go of control and commit yourself to happiness, it is so easy to offer compassion and forgiveness. This propels you from the past, into the present. People that are negative, spend so much time trying to control situations and blame others for their problems. Committing yourself to staying positive is a daily mantra that states, “I have control over how I plan to react, feel, think and believe in the present. No one guides the tone of my life, except me!”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Do not think that one has to be sad in order to be militant, even though the thing one is fighting is abominable.”
― Michel Foucault, Anti-Oedipus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia

“Stop waiting for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come to someone’s life”
― Leo Babauta

“LEONATO
Well, then, go you into hell?

BEATRICE
No, but to the gate; and there will the devil meet me, like an old cuckold, with horns on his head, and say 'Get you to heaven, Beatrice, get you to heaven; here's no place for you maids:' so deliver I up my apes, and away to Saint Peter for the heavens; he shows me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long.”
― William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing

“Don't be afraid to be who you are because you are the only person who knows you best.”
― Saredo Ali

“The exaltation and happiness of any community, goes hand in hand with the knowledge possessed by the people, when applied to laudable ends; whereupon we can exclaim like the wise man; righteousness exalteth a nation; for righteousness embraces knowledge and knowledge is power.”
― Joseph Smith

“All the external adoration, respect and adulation in the word, can't drown out the internal voices that tell us, we are not good enough and unworthy of; happiness, love and an abundant life. When we need others to tell us were amazing, worthy and lovable, in order to feel good about ourselves, it is never enough. It goes into the bottomless pit where our inherent self-worth should be. It may feel like we are reaching out to receive love, but in actuality, we are seeking external noise to help drown out our negative core beliefs.

Love blossoms from the inside out. That is why it is so important to do the work necessary to heal our emotional wounds, to love ourselves and stand strong in who we are. Only then, are we truly free to give and receive love, unconditionally and in abundance.”
― Jaeda DeWalt

“I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.”
― Debasish Mridha

“if it makes you happy, then why the hell are you so sad?”
― Sheryl Crow

“I want that. I want that awful intense and serious unhappiness, cos then I might feel better, and then I might be happy.”
― David Thewlis, The Late Hector Kipling

“I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“And so it turned out that only a life similar to the life of those around us, merging with it without a ripple, is genuine life, and that an unshared happiness is not happiness.”
― Boris Pasternak

“Zakath stared at the floor. 'I suddenly feel very helpless,' he admitted, 'and I don't like the feeling. I've been rather effectively dethroned, you know. This morning I was the Emperor of the largest nation on earth; this afternoon, I'm going to be a vagabond.'
You might find it refreshing,' Silk told him lightly.
Shut up, Kheldar,' Zakath said almost absently. He looked back at Polgara. 'You know something rather peculiar?'
What's that?'
Even if I hadn't given my word, I'd still have to go to Kell. It's almost like a compulsion. I feel as if I'm being driven, and my driver is a blindfolded girl who's hardly more than a child.'
There are rewards,' she told him.
Such as what?'
Who knows? Happiness, perhaps.'
He laughed ironically. 'Happiness has never been a driving ambition of mine, Lady Polgara, not for a long time now.'
You may have to accept it anyway,' She smiled. 'We aren't allowed to choose our rewards any more than we are our tasks. Those decisions are made for us.”
― David Eddings, Sorceress of Darshiva

“Happiness is inseparably connected with decent, clean behavior. ”
― Boyd K. Packer

“Isn’t it funny how we make rational excuses for being out of alignment?

We say, “Well, this ____ and that ____ happened, so it makes perfect sense for me to be feeling like this ____ and wanting to do this ____.”

Yet, to this day, I have never met a happy person who adheres to those excuses. In fact, each time I – or anyone else – decide to give in to “rational excuses” that justify feeling bad – it’s interesting that only further suffering is the result.

There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Sure, we can go there and make choices that dim our lights… and that is fine; there certainly is purpose for it and the contrast gives us lessons to learn… yet if we’re aware of what we are doing and we’re ready to let go of the suffering – then why go there at all? It’s like beating a dead horse. Been there, done that… so why do we keep repeating it?

Pain is going to happen; it’s inevitable in this human experience, yet it is often so brief. When we make those excuses, what happens is: we pick up that pain and begin to carry it with us into the next day… and the next day… into next week… maybe next month… and some of us even carry it for years or to our graves!

Forgive, let it go! It is NOT worth it! It is NEVER worth it. There is never a good enough reason for us to pick up that pain and carry it with us. There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Unforgiveness hurts you; it hurts others, so why even go there? Why even promote pain? Why say painful things to yourself or others? Why think pain? Just let it go!

Whenever I look back on painful things or feel pain today, I know it is my EGO that drives me to “go there.” The EGO likes to have the last word, it likes to feel superior, it likes to make others feel less than in hopes that it will make itself (me) feel better about my insecurities. Maybe if I hurt them enough, they will feel the pain I felt over what they did to me. It’s only fair! It’s never my fault; it’s always someone else’s. There is a twisted sense of pleasure I get from feeling this way, and my EGO eats it right up. YET! With awareness that continues to grow and expand each day, I choose to not feed my pain (EGO) or even go there. I still feel it at times, of course, so I simply acknowledge it and then release it.

I HAVE power and choice over my speech and actions. I do not need to ever “go there” again. It’s my choice; it’s your choice. So it’s about damn time we start realizing this. We are not victims of our impulses or emotions; we have the power to control them, and so it’s time to stop acting like we don’t. It’s time to relinquish the excuses.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“so many thoughts, my kvothe. you know too much to be happy.”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear

“Being wealthy isn't just a question of having lots of money. It's a question of what we want. Wealth isn't an absolute, it's relative to desire. Every time we seek something that we can't afford, we can be counted as poor, how much money we may actually have.”
― Jean-Jacques Rousseau

“I've never been afraid of them. Not once. Because I had you.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me

“If you wish to make Pythocles rich, do not add to his store of money, but subtract from his desires.”
― Epicurus

“Sometimes happiness consists of finding the right balance of misery.”
― Orson Scott Card, Sarah

“REFLECTIONS OF TRUTH

Where you find Truth
Is where you find your reflection
And where you find your reflection
Is where you find love
And where you find love
Is where you find light
And where you find light
Is where you find faith
And where you find faith
Is where you find purpose
And where you find purpose
Is where you find happiness
And where you find happiness
Is where you find Truth
And when you find Truth
Truth will set you free.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“he is both the source of my happiness and the one i want to share it with.



i have to believe that’s a sign.”
― John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson

“Gratitude was never meant to be an excuse for giving up on the obstacles God has put before you. Some of the most magical things he can bring us require faith and a lot of planning.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“There's the risk of being loved...and that would keep me from being happy.”
― Albert Camus, A Happy Death

“Happiness is an elusive state of mind not to be gained by clumsy pursuit.It is given to those who do not sue for it:to be unconcerned about a desired good is probably the only way to possess it.”
― Ruskin Bond, The Lamp is Lit: Leaves from a Journal

“One recipe for happiness is to have to sense of entitlement.' To this she added a star and noted at the bottom of the page: 'This is not a lesson I have ever been in a position to learn.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“...so i will greet you
in a way
all loved things
are meant to be greeted

with a tear in my heart
and a poem in my eye.”
― Sanober Khan, Turquoise Silence

“Call no man happy until he is dead.”
― Solon

“too much happiness always overflowed into tears of sorrow.”
― Amy Tan, The Hundred Secret Senses

“Don't put off happiness you can have today. Tomorrow is a hope, not a promise”
― Debra Anastasia

“Why did you look at the sunset?'
Philip answered with his mouth full:
Because I was happy.”
― W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage

“Champagne arrived in flûtes on trays, and we emptied them with gladness in our hearts... for when feasts are laid and classical music is played, where champagne is drunk once the sun has sunk and the season of summer is alive in spicy bloom, and beautiful women fill the room, and are generous with laughter and smiles... these things fill men's hearts with joy and remind one that life’s bounty is not always fleeting but can be captured, and enjoyed. It is in writing about this scene that I relive this night in my soul.”
― Roman Payne

“Real love feels less like a throbbing, pulsing animal begging for its freedom and beating against the inside of my chest and more like, 'Hey, that place you like had fish tacos today and i got you some while i was out', as it sets a bag spotted with grease on the dining room table. It's not a game you don't understand the rules of, or a test you never got the materials to study for. It never leaves you wondering who could possibly be texting at 3 am. Or what you could possibly do to make it come home and stay there. It's fucking boring, dude. I don't walk around mired in uneasiness, waiting for the other shoe to drop. No parsing through spun tales about why it took her so long to come back from the store. No checking her emails or calling her job to make sure she's actually there. No sitting in my car outside her house at dawn, to make sure she's alone when she leaves. This feels safe, and steadfast, and predictable. And secure. It's boring as shit. And it's easily the best thing I've ever felt.”
― Samantha Irby, We Are Never Meeting In Real Life

“I wanted to hold happiness in reserve, like a bottle of champagne. I postponed it because I was afraid, because I overvalued it, and then I didn't want to use it up, because what do you wish for then?”
― Curtis Sittenfeld, The Man of My Dreams

“Always try to be joyful and proactively benign to the people.
By doing so everyday, people have no control at all over my mood.”
― Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident], Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“There were times when I lifted my face to the sky, stretched my arms wide to the winter night, and laughed out loud, so happy was I.

The memory of it makes me laugh now, but not from happiness.

Be careful what you show the world.

You never know when the wolf is watching.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution

“If happiness is a hardwired obsession in our brains, one should first and foremost learn to foster an upright quest for unvarnished wellbeing and above all not give in to vain temptations of displaying counterfeit contentment and fake smiling. (Digging for white gold »)”
― Erik Pevernagie

“And I don't believe in such a thing as "happily ever after". There's only happily every now and then. I find the hardest trick is to recognize the now-and-thens, and to bask in them when they come. Happiness is a choice we make, like how to wear our hair, or having coffee with breakfast and tea at night.”
― Cindy Bonner, The Passion of Dellie O'Barr

“This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“He saw in happiness the seeds of independence, and in independence the seeds of revolt.”
― Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan

“Happiness had never been like this before. Now it came like sun showers, the sun and the rain together. Happiness was happier than it had been - sharp, piercing, and snatched, like a breath while swimming in surf.”
― Elizabeth Knox, Dreamhunter

“A day unemployed is like a bagel- even when it's bad, it's still pretty good...”
― CrimethInc., Evasion

“Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey.”
― Lolly Daskal, Thoughts Spoken From The Heart

“We are all a great deal luckier that we realize, we usually get what we want - or near enough.”
― Roald Dahl, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory

“When, therefore, we maintain that pleasure is the end, we do not mean the pleasures of profligates and those that consist in sensuality, as is supposed by some who are either ignorant or disagree with us or do not understand, but freedom from pain in the body and from trouble in the mind. For it is not continuous drinkings and revelings, nor the satisfaction of lusts, nor the enjoyment of fish and other luxuries of the wealthy table, which produce a pleasant life, but sober reasoning, searching out the motives for all choice and avoidance, and banishing mere opinions, to which are due the greatest disturbance of the spirit.”
― Epicurus

“Honest, open communication is the only street that leads us into the real world... We then begin to grow as never before. And once we are on this road, happiness cannot be far away.”
― John Joseph Powell, فن التواصل: أنت وأنا والذات الحقيقية

“My happiness has to come from within myself or it is too fragile a thing to be of any use to me and too much of a burden to benefit any of my loved ones.”
― Mary Balogh, First Comes Marriage

“The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things.”
― Epictetus

“She'd spoken of their happiness as though it were an undeniable fact, no matter what happened--apart from everything else and not subject to it. It was a new idea for him, that happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won--some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it--but something to carry doggedly with you through everything, as humble and ordinary as your gear and supplies. Food, weapons, happiness.
With hope that the weapons could in time vanish from the picture.”
― Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods and Monsters

“Some people would rather live in a hell they've got used to than in a paradise they've never experienced before. ”
― Urania Sarri, Gate Deadlock

“Be consistent in your dedication to showing your gratitude to others. Gratitude is a fuel, a medicine, and spiritual and emotional nourishment.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“And all the best words together couldn't hold the happiness.”
― Katherine Hannigan, Emmaline and the Bunny

“She was wearing her fuzzy pink hat and she was happy, which was so obnoxious. She'd become one of those people who waltzed through life without so much as a split end, and I was still one of those people who changed diapers for free but still got treated like a rented mule.”
― Lorraine Zago Rosenthal, Other Words for Love

“True happiness is not found in any other reward than that of being united with God. If I seek some other reward besides God Himself, I may get my reward but I cannot be happy.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“Happiness was waiting to be chosen.”
― Pearl S. Buck, Peony

“Be happy without picking flaws.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“Children are gifts. They are not ours for the breaking. They are ours for the making.”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“LEONATO
Well, niece, I hope to see you one day fitted with a husband.

BEATRICE
Not till God make men of some other metal than earth. Would it not grieve a woman to be overmastered with a pierce of valiant dust? to make an account of her life to a clod of wayward marl? No, uncle, I'll none: Adam's sons are my brethren; and, truly, I hold it a sin to match in my kindred.”
― William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing

“What is given to you is what is needed; what you want, requires giving up what you don't need.”
― George Alexiou

“And hard times are good in their own way, too. Because the only way you can achieve true happiness is if you experience true sadness as well. It's all about light and shade. Balance.”
― Gabrielle Williams, Beatle Meets Destiny

“Ah, happiness courts the light so we deem the world is gay. But misery hides aloof so we deem that misery there is none.”
― Herman Melville, Bartleby the Scrivener

“Happiness doesn't always come from a pursuit. Sometimes it comes when we least expect it.”
― Dalai Lama

“I Am In Love With Myself, With My Heart.”
― Nirav Sanchaniya

“Love me like Saturday night, like three glasses of champagne, like the room is spinning, like you're drunk on my love.”
― C.J. Carlyon

“But the happiest people are the ones who understand that good things occur when one allows them to.”
― Danny Wallace, Yes Man

“The secret to happiness is low expectations.”
― Barry Schwartz

“God wants to rescue us, not destroy us. You don't have to be afraid of being happy, thinking that he wants to take that happiness away from you That's not who he is." "How can you be sure?" "Because when you've had a taste of goodness, it helps you recognize the difference between good and evil. I believe that people like Grace and St. Francis and a whole host of other kind, loving people show us what God is like. He isn't waiting to punish you and he doesn't give you blessings just to strip them away.”
― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Redemption

“The key to ultimate happiness and fulfillment lies within our own transformation. The more we learn and grow and evolve as individuals, the more we will find happiness and satisfaction in relationships, work and life.”
― Kristi Bowman

“How was life before Pop-Tarts, Prozac and padded playgrounds? They ate strudel, took opium and played on the grass.”
― Jennifer Hecht, The Happiness Myth: The Historical Antidote to What Isn't Working Today

“Action and personal happiness have no truck with each other; they are eternally at war.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Night Flight

“It’s true that laughter really is cheap medicine. It’s a prescription anyone can afford. And best of all, you can fill it right now.”
― Steve Goodier

“In Kilanga, people knew nothing of things they might have had - a Frigidaire? a washer-dryer combination? Really, they'd sooner imagine a tree that could pull up its feet and go bake bread. It didn't occur to them to feel sorry for themselves.”
― Barbara Kingsolver

“There is no happily-ever-after to run to. We have to work for happiness.”
― Mary Balogh, Simply Magic

“Happiness is never there to stay [...] Happiness is merely a respite offered by inquietude.”
― Andre Maurois, Climats

“He had awoken too late for happiness, but not for strength, and could feel an austere joy, as of a warrior who is homeless but stands fully armed.”
― E.M. Forster, Maurice

“Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a huge research staff to study the problem.”
― Bill Vaughan

“Happy are those who evolve from within.”
― Amit Abraham

“There is indeed a certain sense of gratification when we do a good deed that gives us inward satisfaction, and a generous pride that accompanies a good conscience…These testimonies of a good conscience are pleasant; and such a natural pleasure is very beneficial to us; it is the only payment that can never fail. “On Repentance”
― Michel de Montaigne

“The greenest of pastures are right here on earth.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution

“Legends need not concern themselves with something as small as happiness”
― Holly Black, The Wicked King

“السعادة تبتدئ من قدس أقداس النفس و لا تأتي من الخارج”
― جبران خليل جبران

“These fucking women really piss me off,' April said. 'Because instead of being elated by the thought of making their own happiness and chasing some crazy dream, all they want to do is narrow their options and do something safe.”
― J. Courtney Sullivan, Commencement

“Too many people mistook envy for happiness. They believed other people wanting to do the things they were doing was more important than doing things they wanted to do. So they'd edit their photographs and edit their lives and edit and lie until from a distance, it looked like they had the perfect life. But life isn't something that should be edited. Life shouldn't be cut. The only way you'll ever discover what it truly means to be alive and human is by sharing the full experience of what it means to be human and each blemish and freckle that comes with it.”
― pleasefindthis, Intentional Dissonance

“You are not limited to this body, to this mind, or to this reality—you are a limitless ocean of Consciousness, imbued with infinite potential. You are existence itself.”
― Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom

“Did I love them because they were the only boys in my life who consistently told me that I was beautiful? Probably. I loved The Ruperts for who they were, sure, but I mostly loved them for how they made me feel. Which was happy. The Ruperts made me happy. The simplest thing to be in the world. And the hardest.”
― Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band

“There are lots of ways of being miserable, but there’s only one way of being comfortable, and that is to stop running round after happiness. If you make up your mind not to be happy there’s no reason why you shouldn’t have a fairly good time.”
― Edith Wharton, Ethan Frome and Other Short Fiction

“I'm so alive.

As I stand facing the beauty of the never-ending Pacific Ocean, a late afternoon breeze blows down from the hills behind. As always, it is a beautiful day. The sun is making its final descent. The magic is about to begin. The skies are ready to burn with brilliance, as it turns from a soft blue to a bright orange. Looking towards the West, I stare in awe at the hypnotic power of the waves. A giant curl begins to take form, then breaks with a thundering clap as it crashes on the shore.”
― Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"

“Sometimes you just have to jump in a mud puddle because it's there. Never get so old that you forget about having fun.”
― Tom Giaquinto, Be A Good Human

“Sand lines my soul which is filled with the breath of the ocean.”
― A.D. Posey

“When my mother didn't come back I realized that any moment could be the last. Nothing in life should simply be a passage from one place to another. Each walk should be taken as if it is the only thing you have left. You can demand something like this of yourself as an unattainable ideal. After that, you have to remind yourself about it every time you're sloppy about something. For me that means 250 times a day.”
― Peter Høeg, Smilla's Sense of Snow

“It is better to dwell on the beautiful things in life than the negative.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“What is your idea of earthly happiness? To be vindicated in my own lifetime.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“When a mood of "not belonging" is haunting our mind and tolling the bell for relief or happiness, life may be like a scar on the canvas of our dreams. Now is the time to wake up and slip back to the basics, in the vein of crawling back to mum's lap. ("The grass was greener over there")”
― Erik Pevernagie

“Everything is easier said than done. Wanting something is easy. Saying something is easy. The challenge and the reward are in the doing.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Happiness is a big joke; let us laugh at it loud.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“Most of our suffering comes from resisting what is already here, particularly our feelings. All any feeling wants is to be welcomed, touched, allowed. It wants attention. It wants kindness. If you treated your feelings with as much love as you treated your dog or your cat or your child, you'd feel as if you were living in heaven every day of your sweet life.”
― Geneen Roth

“Remember your connection with the cosmos. Remember your connection with the infinity and that remembrance will give you the freedom.”
― Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step

“The process of discovering your fearless self is of refinement, not adding. The best way to reconnect with your freedom is to look at the rules you have that govern your freedom.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“It is always worth itemising happiness, there is so much of the other thing in a life, you had better put down the markers for happiness while you can.”
― Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture

“The purpose of empowerment is to urge you towards freedom, to help each of you to break free of all limitations. It is that freedom that will give you eternal happiness and finally connect you with the unconditional realization of TRUTH.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.”
― Debasish Mridha

“It's not my job to make you happy. It's your job to learn that only those who quit selfishly seeking their own happiness find it.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“A truly radical resolution would be to embrace existence just as it is, as the only thing that matters, to proclaim that the world itself is heaven, made for our total enjoyment and fulfillment...”
― Crimethinc. Workers' Collective, Expect Resistance: A Field Manual

“Guidance counselors always love to say, 'Just think positively,' but that's impossible when you have this thing inside of you, strangling every ounce of happiness you can muster. My body is an efficient happy-though-killing machine.”
― Jasmine Warga

“Ladies, stress shows on your face. Happiness is the true beauty weapon."

As quoted in The Black Book of Hollywood Beauty Secrets ( Kym Douglas / Cindy Pearlman, 2006)”
― Susan Sarandon

“Whoever said happiness needs a plan?”
― Robert Holden

“Achievements can bring you satisfaction but not happiness.”
― David D. Burns, Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy

“God bless Dunkin' Donuts.”
― Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall

“Le bonheur est cette danse où l'on s'approche et l'on s'écarte sans se perdre. Il est même fait des larmes des longues séparations à condition que viennent les retrouvailles.”
― Timothée de Fombelle, Le Livre de Perle

“The Master said, “What a worthy man was Yan Hui! Living in a narrow alley, subsisting upon meager bits of rice and water—other people could not have borne such hardship, and yet it never spoiled Hui’s joy. What a worthy man was Hui!”
(Analects 6.11)”
― Confucius

“[Letter to his wife, Natalia Sedova]

In addition to the happiness of being a fighter for the cause of socialism, fate gave me the happiness of being her husband. During the almost forty years of our life together she remained an inexhaustible source of love, magnanimity, and tenderness. She underwent great sufferings, especially in the last period of our lives. But I find some comfort in the fact that she also knew days of happiness.

For forty-three years of my conscious life I have remained a revolutionist; for forty-two of them I have fought under the banner of Marxism. If I had to begin all over again I would of course try to avoid this or that mistake, but the main course of my life would remain unchanged. I shall die a proletarian revolutionist, a Marxist, a dialectical materialist, and, consequently, an irreconcilable atheist. My faith in the communist future of mankind is not less ardent, indeed it is firmer today, than it was in the days of my youth.

Natasha has just come up to the window from the courtyard and opened it wider so that the air may enter more freely into my room. I can see the bright green strip of grass beneath the wall, and the clear blue sky above the wall, and sunlight everywhere. Life is beautiful. Let the future generations cleanse it of all evil, oppression and violence, and enjoy it to the full.”
― Leon Trotsky

“I shall never be very merry or very sad, for I am more prone to analyse than to feel.”
― H.P. Lovecraft

“It was always a relief when she came home to him. Like water or food. Like music or that moment when you cut yourself with a knife and squeeze the skin and no blood oozes out.”
― Francesca Lia Block, Blood Roses

“I was especially perceptive to all things beautiful that morning—raspberries in blue china bowls were enough to make the heart sing.”
― Irene Hunt, Up a Road Slowly

“Stop trying to 'fix' yourself; you're NOT broken! You are perfectly imperfect and powerful beyond measure.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“He took a hairpin out of my untidy hair (by now my complicated arrangement of ringlets must have looked as if a couple of birds had been nesting there); he took a strand of it and wound it around his finger. With his other hand he began stroking my face, and then he bent down and kissed me again, this time very cautiously. I closed my eyes - and the same thing happened as before: my brain suffered that delicious break in transmission.”
― Kerstin Gier, Ruby Red

“I wish I had never been born," she said. "What are we born for?" "For infinite happiness," said the Spirit. "You can step out into it at any moment...”
― C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce

“The one who would be constant in happiness must frequently change.”
― Anthony de Mello, Awareness: A de Mello Spirituality Conference in His Own Words

“I bring out the worst in you and you bring out the best in me.”
― Anna Todd, After

“How would your life be different if...You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? Let today be the day...You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!”
― Steve Maraboli, The Power of One

“People will always notice something about you. It might be the way you walk or the way you talk, or just simply your personality. Live each day in the way you want to be remembered. Live in such a way that people will be inspired by those unique qualities that you have and strive to live better lives for themselves.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“The quickest way to experiencing the peace inside, is to learn to recognize when I am not at peace.”
― Jim McDonald

“I think that fame removes true happiness. Because when you are famous, people know you for who they think you are and when you are happy, it's because people have met you and see you for who you really are. Of course, if you are not a great person, it's better to be famous. But if you have greatness, it's better to not be famous.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I think instead [of happiness] we should be working for contentment... an inner sense of fulfillment that's relatively independent of external circumstances.”
― Andrew Weil

“It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daily basis.”
― Margaret Bonanno

“Challenges in life can either enrich you or poison you. You are the one who decides.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“She couldn't avoid being serious about things she cared for, and happiness made her grave at the thought of all the things which might destroy it.”
― Graham Greene, A Gun for Sale

“And he, like many jaded people, had few pleasures left in life save good food and drink.”
― Honoré de Balzac

“You would not want to be responsible for someone else’s happiness, so please do not hold someone else responsible for yours!”
― Jennifer O'Neill, Inspirational Quotes

“Man does not strive for happiness; only the Englishman does that.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols

“The universe never complains.
When you're wrong or right,
She always loves and cares,
She always gives and shares.
When you get lost she becomes the light,
Helps you to find what is right.
But she never forgets
To show you the light.”
― Debasish Mridha M.D.

“To answer your question as honestly as I can, I've wanted since I was very little to not have to worry about money. I've never been poverty-level poor (I mean, there's been years where I've been officially beneath the poverty line, but that wasn't poverty: that was being a student and living the Student Lifestyle), but I've been in a place where you know you can't afford a better-quality food, where you can't do certain things because of money, and I'd prefer not to have those problems if I can. I sort of have troubles with money in general, with how it determines so much of our lives but with how we all try to ignore it, but I would like to be (and stay) in a place where I can pick up some new comics and games and not worry about how much they cost.

This is terrible; you're asking me where I want to be in the future, what I want my life to be like, and the only thing I can tell you is "Man, all I know is I don't want to be POOR.”
― Ryan North

“When it comes down to it, even on the natural plane, it is much happier and more enlivening to love than to be loved.”
― Dorothy Day

“The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.”
― C.P. Snow

“The notion that a human being should be constantly happy is a uniquely modern, uniquely American, uniquely destructive idea.”
― Andrew Weil

“His hand lay across my stomach as he slept soundly. I entwined my fingers with his and breathed through the warmth that seeped through my chest. Such a simple, sweet thing to do, yet holding hands in bed was incredibly intimate.”
― N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Three

“Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.”
― Helen Keller

“Blaming is so much easier than taking responsibility, because if you take responsibility … then you might be to blame.”
― Jennifer O'Neill, The Pursuit of Happiness: 21 Spiritual Rules to Sucess

“The brave who focus on all things good and all things beautiful and all things true, even in the small, who give thanks for it and discover joy even in the here and now, they are the change agents who bring fullest Light to all the world.”
― Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are

“Tatsuya: What you have "right now" won't necessarily continue on until forever...
Hiro: ... Yeah, I know.”
― Ibuki Haneda (伊吹羽田), Koizora (Love Sky), Volume 1

“You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“To fill the hour──that is happiness.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“We talked for hours. He talked and I listened.
It was like wind and sunlight. It blew all the cobwebs away.”
― John Fowles

“How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.”
― George Washington Carver

“Yesterday I was sad, today I am happy! Yesterday I had a problem, today I still have the same problem! But today I changed the way I look at it!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it, you must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it. If you don’t, you will leak away your innate contentment. It’s easy enough to pray when you’re in distress but continuing to pray even when your crisis has passed is like a sealing process, helping your soul hold tight to its good attainments.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“I was happy, but happy is an adult word. You don't have to ask a child about happy, you see it. They are or they are not. Adults talk about being happy because largely they are not. Talking about it is the same as trying to catch the wind. Much easier to let it blow all over you. This is where I disagree with the philosophers. They talk about passionate things but there is no passion in them. Never talk happiness with a philosopher.”
― Jeanette Winterson, The Passion

“You need to figure out what you want, Josh. If that means you need to swim against the tide to get it, at least youre aiming for something that could make you very happy.”
― Jay Asher, The Future of Us

“A week feels like a year when you’re seventeen and in love. A twenty minute drive might as well be an ocean. But we were together again and the whole world was rejoicing, even the gravel crunched melodiously under our feet as we danced onward through the night.”
― Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir

“If you wait for a cake to be given to you so you will be happy- then you will be happy when someone gives you a cake. But if you buy a cake (or bake one) for yourself so you will be happy, you have found the way of happiness.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Our purest form of joy comes when people we envy get hurt. That most genuine form of joy.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted

“If you're not getting happier as you get older, then you're fuckin' up”
― Ani DiFranco

“Happiness is a strange thing. It is something I tend to recognize only after it has passed, when I realize I miss it.”
― Claire Holden Rothman, The Heart Specialist

“Dear me! how happy and good we'd be, if we had no worries!”
― Louisa May Alcott, Little Women

“As Venus within Eros does not really aim at pleasure, so Eros does not aim at happiness. We may think he does, but when he is brought to the test it proves otherwise... For it is the very mark of Eros that when he is in us we had rather share unhappiness with the Beloved than be happy on any other terms.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves

“ولمّا فتحت قلبي لكي ارى السعادة, وجدت مرآتها وسريرها وملابسها, لكنّي لم اجدها.”
― جبران خليل جبران

“Happiness

There's just no accounting for happiness,
or the way it turns up like a prodigal
who comes back to the dust at your feet
having squandered a fortune far away.

And how can you not forgive?
You make a feast in honor of what
was lost, and take from its place the finest
garment, which you saved for an occasion
you could not imagine, and you weep night and day
to know that you were not abandoned,
that happiness saved its most extreme form
for you alone.

No, happiness is the uncle you never
knew about, who flies a single-engine plane
onto the grassy landing strip, hitchhikes
into town, and inquires at every door
until he finds you asleep midafternoon
as you so often are during the unmerciful
hours of your despair.

It comes to the monk in his cell.
It comes to the woman sweeping the street
with a birch broom, to the child
whose mother has passed out from drink.
It comes to the lover, to the dog chewing
a sock, to the pusher, to the basket maker,
and to the clerk stacking cans of carrots
in the night.
It even comes to the boulder
in the perpetual shade of pine barrens,
to rain falling on the open sea,
to the wineglass, weary of holding wine.”
― Jane Kenyon

“And I ask myself what it is about me that makes this wonderful, beautiful woman return. Is it because I'm pathetic, helpless in my current state, completely dependent on her? Or is it my sense of humour, my willingness to tease her, to joke my way into painful, secret places? Do I help her understand herself? Do I make her happy? Do I do something for her that her husband and son can't do? Has she fallen in love with me?

As the days pass and I continue to heal, my body knitting itself back together, I begin to allow myself to think that she has.”
― Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke

“Money can't buy happiness but it can buy a huge yacht that sails right next to it.”
― David Lee Roth

“Suffering sucks. Don't do it. Go home and love your wife. Go home and love yourself. Go home
and base your happiness on one thing and one thing only: freedom. Choose freedom, not suffering. Create a life of freedom, not wanting. Have some really good coffee and listen to the red-winged blackbirds in the marsh. Ignore the mosquitoes.”
― Laura Munson, This Is Not The Story You Think It Is: A Season of Unlikely Happiness

“(about William Blake)

As for Blake's happiness--a man who knew him said: "If asked whether I ever knew among the intellectual, a happy man, Blake would be the only one who would immediately occur to me."

And yet this creative power in Blake did not come from ambition. ...He burned most of his own work. Because he said, "I should be sorry if I had any earthly fame, for whatever natural glory a man has is so much detracted from his spiritual glory. I wish to do nothing for profit. I wish to live for art. I want nothing whatever. I am quite happy."

...He did not mind death in the least. He said that to him it was just like going into another room. On the day of his death he composed songs to his Maker and sang them for his wife to hear. Just before he died his countenance became fair, his eyes brightened and he burst into singing of the things he saw in heaven. ”
― Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit

“It's about the quality of the worry," I said. "I have happier worries now than I used to.”
― David Gilmour, The Film Club: A True Story of a Father and Son

“It is more important to be free than to be happy.”
― Tom Robbins

“You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The really happy person is the one who can enjoy the scenery, even when they have to take a detour.”
― Sir James Jeans

“Happiness is not in things; happiness is in you.”
― Robert Holden, Happiness Now!: Timeless Wisdom for Feeling Good FAST

“We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If one were to build the house of happiness, the largest space would be the waiting room.”
― Jules Renard, The Journal of Jules Renard

“The best way to insure you achieve the greatest satisfaction out of life is to behave intentionally.”
― Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!

“Sadness is never bad," said Amparo. "Sadness is the mirror of being happy”
― Tim Willocks, The Religion

“True happiness is when the love that is within us finds expression in external activities.”
― Mata Amritanandamayi

“If one’s life is so unsatisfying that an unhealthy activity brings a shred of happiness, it is nigh impossible to give it up unless something that brings greater happiness can be enjoyed in its stead. (28)”
― Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras

“Be happy. It's one way of being wise”
― Sidonie-Gabrielle

“Smartass Disciple: Master, what is the secret recipe of your happiness?
Master of Stupidity: If I tell you, there is nobody left to be made fun of.”
― Toba Beta

“Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food and medicine to the mind.”
― Luther Burbank

“One could be happy not only without love, but despite it.”
― Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera

“Take one cup of love, two cups of loyalty, three cups of forgiveness, four quarts of faith and one barrel of laughter. Take love and loyalty and mix them thoroughly with faith; blend with tenderness, kindness and understanding. Add friendship and hope. Sprinkle abundantly with laughter. Bake it with sunshine. Wrap it regularly with lots of hugs. Serve generous helpings daily.”
― Zig Ziglar

“Happiness lies for those who cry, those who hurt, those who have searched, and those who have tried for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives.”
― Victor Hugo

“To buy a cake... to howl at the moon... to know true happiness... I am happy.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“It's impossible to be unhappy while wearing a poncho!”
― Noel Fielding

“Three weeks ago, he’d seen hail fall from the sky, only
to be followed minutes later by a spectacular rainbow that seemed to frame the azalea bushes. The colors, so vivid they seemed almost alive, made him think that nature sometimes sends us signs, that it’s important to remember that joy can always follow despair. But a moment later, the rainbow had vanished and the hail returned, and he realized that joy was sometimes only an illusion.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Choice

“There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy.”
― Robert Louis Stevenson, An Apology for Idlers

“Happiness is not to be achieved at the command of emotional whims. Happiness is not the satisfaction of whatever irrational wishes you might blindly attempt to indulge. Happiness is a state of non-contradictory joy—a joy without penalty or guilt, a joy that does not clash with any of your values and does not work for your own destruction, not the joy of escaping from your mind, but of using your mind's fullest power, not the joy of faking reality, but of achieving values that are real, not the joy of a drunkard, but of a producer. Happiness is possible only to a rational man, the man who desires nothing but rational goals, seeks nothing but rational values and finds his joy in nothing but rational actions.”
― Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged

“We thought everything would be
forgotten, but I still remember your
claws running down my back.

I wonder if you still think about us,
the way I do.

How our legs would crash
into each other in the middle
of the night, and how we ended
up creating the moon in the
confines of our beds.”
― Zaeema J. Hussain, The Sky Is Purple

“There is nothing around me but money, money, money.”
― Stephen Richards

“The bitterness of joy lies in the knowledge that it cannot last. Nor should joy last beyond a certain season, for, after that season, even joy would become merely habit.”
― Tanith Lee, Delusion's Master

“When true happiness shows up, the ego is bored with it: It's too plain, too ordinary, and it doesn't leave us feeling special or above the fray. It doesn't take away our problems, which is the ego's idea of happiness. The ego wants no more difficulties: no ore sickness, no more need for money, no more work, no more bad feelings, only unending pleasure and bliss. Such perfection is the ego's idea of a successful life. However, the happiness the ego dreams of will never be attained by anyone. The ego denies the reality of this dimension, where challenges are necessary to evolution and blissful states and pleasure come and go.”
― Gina Lake, What About Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment

“But I am king. And the well-being of my kingdom depends on my sound judgment and clear head. And those things depend on my state of happiness. And I have known for a long time that my state of happiness depends on you.”
― Sharon Shinn, Summers at Castle Auburn

“Unhappiness can be like a virus spreading from one person, to the next person, to the next one and so on. When someone is mean or rude to you, do not let their unhappiness infect your own life. If you are the unhappy one, please quarantine yourself so you do not infect others!”
― Jennifer O'Neill, Soul DNA: Your Spiritual Genetic Code Defines Your Purpose

“Don’t feel bad about feeling bad. Don’t be frightened of feeling afraid. Don’t be angry about getting angry. There is no need to give up when we are feeling depressed. Nor should we be dismayed at the grief which often accompanies the outgrowing of anything which needs outgrowing. We can be glad that our soul is speaking to us and pushing us onwards. We frequently need to persevere with a period of inner turmoil before the dust can settle and be swept out the door.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“I think now that maybe true sweetness can only happen in limbo.”
― Peter Heller, The Dog Stars

“Imagination doesn't always make you long for what you cannot have, but rather thrive in what you do not have.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Try to be happy within the context of the life we are actually living. Happiness is not a situation to be longed for or a convergence of lucky happenstance. Through the power of our own minds, we can help ourselves.”
― Wayne Coyne

“To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.”
― Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy

“A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The only means by which one could attain complete happiness is to avoid living in constant expectation of it. It's the expectation that causes our unhappiness and consequent bitterness about life”
― Mohammed Naseehu Ali, The Prophet of Zongo Street: Stories

“The flower replied: you fool! Do you imagine I blossom in order to be seen? I blossom for my own sake because it pleases me, not for the sake of others. My joy consists in my being and my blossoming.”
― Irvin Yalom

“(the whole world is at the
throat of the world,
everybody feels angry,
short-changed, cheated,
everybody is despondent,
disillusioned.)

I welcomed shots of
peace, tattered shards of
happiness.”
― Charles Bukowski, Betting on the Muse: Poems and Stories

“But that wasn't what happened. What happened was they drove to Harry's and parked the Camaro next to an Audi and a Lexus and Gansey ordered flavors of gelato until the table wouldn't hold anymore and Ronan convinced the staff to turn the overhead speakers up and Blue laughed for the first time at something Gansey said and they were loud and triumphant and kings of Henrietta, because they'd found the ley line and because it was starting, it was starting.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys

“You’re the purest, most genuine thing that ever happened to me.- Caleb”
― L. Duarte, Fall Out Girl

“Independence is the recognition of the fact that yours is the responsibility of judgment and nothing can help you escape it—that no substitute can do your thinking—that the vilest form of self-abasement and self-destruction is the subordination of your mind to the mind of another, the acceptance of an authority over your brain, the acceptance of his assertions as facts, his say-so as truth, his edicts as middle-man between your consciousness and your existence.”
― Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged

“Money is made at Christmas out of holly and mistletoe, but who save the vendors would greatly care if no green branch were procurable? One symbol, indeed, has obscured all others--the minted round of metal. And one may safely say that, of all the ages since a coin first became the symbol of power, ours is that in which it yields to the majority of its possessors the poorest return in heart's contentment.”
― George Gissing, The Private Papers of Henry Ryecroft

“However powerful our technology and complex our corporations, the most remarkable feature of the modern working world may in the end be internal, consisting in an aspect of our mentalities: in the widely held belief that our work should make us happy. All societies have had work at their centre; ours is the first to suggest that it could be something more than a punishment or a penance. Ours is the first to imply that we should seek to work even in the absence of a financial imperative.”
― Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work

“I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living.”
― Ursula Andress

“The more I understand the mind and the human experience, the more I begin to suspect there is no such thing as unhappiness; there is only ungratefulness.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I know from the bottom of my heart and with all of it, that it doesn't matter if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the rest of the world and it doesn't matter if everyone in the world remembers you as wonderful; but what matters is if at the end of your life you can say that you shared the best of yourself with the handful of people who are around you, that you gave the wonderful in you, to the people you love and who love you. Happiness never has and never will come from fame.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“If you have done something meritorious, you experience pleasure and happiness; if wrong things, suffering. A happy or unhappy life is your own creation. Nobody else is responsible. If you remember this, you won’t find fault with anybody. You are your own best friend as well as your worst enemy. (99)”
― Sri S. Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras

“The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Happiness is a nothingness without completeness.”
― Hlovate, Contengan Jalanan

“Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness.”
― John Dewey

“I drink to the general joy o’ the whole table." Macbeth”
― William Shakespeare, Macbeth

“Unhappiness is caused when we cannot let go of our memories.”
― Jed Rubenfeld, The Interpretation of Murder

“It's not strength, it's PERCEPTION that makes you stronger. If you change how you SEE it, you'll change how you FEEL about it.”
― Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried: A Memoir

“Happiness is like a cat. If you try to coax it or call it, it will avoid you. It will never come. But if you pay no attention to it and go about your business, you'll find it rubbing up against your legs and jumping into your lap.”
― William J. Bennett

“If one's bowels move, one is happy, and if they don't move, one is unhappy. That is all there is to it.”
― Lin Yutang, The Importance of Living

“Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.”
― Roy Bennett

“When I became convinced that the Universe is natural – that all the ghosts and gods are myths, there entered into my brain, into my soul, into every drop of my blood, the sense, the feeling, the joy of freedom. The walls of my prison crumbled and fell, the dungeon was flooded with light and all the bolts, and bars, and manacles became dust. I was no longer a servant, a serf or a slave. There was for me no master in all the wide world -- not even in infinite space. I was free -- free to think, to express my thoughts -- free to live to my own ideal -- free to live for myself and those I loved -- free to use all my faculties, all my senses -- free to spread imagination's wings -- free to investigate, to guess and dream and hope -- free to judge and determine for myself -- free to reject all ignorant and cruel creeds, all the "inspired" books that savages have produced, and all the barbarous legends of the past -- free from popes and priests -- free from all the "called" and "set apart" -- free from sanctified mistakes and holy lies -- free from the fear of eternal pain -- free from the winged monsters of the night -- free from devils, ghosts and gods. For the first time I was free. There were no prohibited places in all the realms of thought -- no air, no space, where fancy could not spread her painted wings -- no chains for my limbs -- no lashes for my back -- no fires for my flesh -- no master's frown or threat – no following another's steps -- no need to bow, or cringe, or crawl, or utter lying words. I was free. I stood erect and fearlessly, joyously, faced all worlds.

And then my heart was filled with gratitude, with thankfulness, and went out in love to all the heroes, the thinkers who gave their lives for the liberty of hand and brain -- for the freedom of labor and thought -- to those who fell on the fierce fields of war, to those who died in dungeons bound with chains -- to those who proudly mounted scaffold's stairs -- to those whose bones were crushed, whose flesh was scarred and torn -- to those by fire consumed -- to all the wise, the good, the brave of every land, whose thoughts and deeds have given freedom to the sons of men. And then I vowed to grasp the torch that they had held, and hold it high, that light might conquer darkness still.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll

“The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count. Everyone's so busy waiting in the Waiting Place. If we stopped to remember that there's such a thing as a Purina Tower and a view like this, we'd all be happier.”
― Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places

“Happiness is simple. Everything we do to find it is complicated.”
― Karen Maezen Miller, Hand Wash Cold: Care Instructions for an Ordinary Life

“The midsummer sun shines but dim, The fields strive in vain to look gay; But when I am happy in Him December's as pleasant as May.”
― John Newton

“You must never forget that greatness does not guarantee happiness but goodness always does”
― Sri Chinmoy

“An empty bus hurtles through the starry night
Perhaps the driver is singing
and happy because he sings.”
― Gunter Grass

“The average human being is actually quite bad at predicting what he or she should do in order to be happier, and this inability to predict keeps people from, well, being happier. In fact, psychologist Daniel Gilbert has made a career out of demonstrating that human beings are downright awful at predicting their own likes and dislikes. For example, most research subjects strongly believe that another $30,000 a year in income would make them much happier. And they feel equally strongly that adding a 30-minute walk to their daily routine would be of trivial import. And yet Dr. Gilbert’s research suggests that the added income is far less likely to produce an increase in happiness than the addition of a regular walk.”
― Kerry Patterson, Influencer: The Power to Change Anything

“A calm and modest life brings more happiness than the pursuit of success combined with constant restlessness.

Imperial Hotel note paper, Tokyo Japan, 1922”
― Albert Einstein

“According to the Buddha, the failure to recognize the illusion of the self is the source of all ignorance and unhappiness. It is only by renouncing the self, that is, by dropping his ego defences and committing metaphorical suicide, that a person can open up to different modes of being and relating and thereby transform himself into a pure essence of humanity. In so doing, he becomes free to recast himself as a much more joyful and productive person, and attains the only species of transcendence and immortality that is open to man.”
― Neel Burton, Hide and Seek: The Psychology of Self-Deception

“What is required for many of us, paradoxical though it may sound, is the courage to tolerate happiness without self-sabotage.”
― Nathaniel Branden, Six Pillars of Self-Esteem

“If I am destined to be happy with you here—how short is the longest Life—I wish to believe in immortality—I wish to live with you for ever.”
― John Keats, Letters of John Keats

“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“She was perfectly sane in streets unknown. She loved conversing with people tagged as strangers. She was social, amiable & all that is her. Yet, with known people she felt unknown, she choked words and fought inside. And indeed she tripped insane while traversing those streets known. She stared at others and consumed their happiness through senses cold. And so she waits for Winter's warmth to touch her in streets of distant shore, in her own world of simple happiness.”
― Debatrayee Banerjee

“Like love, like talent, like any other virtue, like anything else in this life, happiness needs to be nurtured - this is the truth of the whole matter.”
― Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy

“Happiness when sustained too long in print can rightly be construed as sappiness...”
― Millard Kaufman, Bowl of Cherries

“Let food be thy your medicine”
― hippocrates

“The main objects of all science, the freedom and happiness of man. . . . [are] the sole objects of all legitimate government.

(A plaque with this quotation, with the first phrase omitted, is in the stairwell of the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty.)”
― Thomas Jefferson, Writings: Autobiography / Notes on the State of Virginia / Public and Private Papers / Addresses / Letters

“Those who are happiest are those who do the most for others.”
― Booker T. Washington, Up from Slavery

“We will never be happy until we make God the source of our fulfillment and the answer to our longings. He is the only one who should have power over our souls.”
― Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Woman

“We are often insane with happiness. We are also very unhappy for reasons neither of us can do anything about. Like being separated.”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“There is no happiness in love, except at the end of an English novel.”
― Anthony Trollope, Barchester Towers

“There are very few things in the mind which eat up as much energy as worry. It is one of the most difficult things not to worry about anything. Worry is experienced when things go wrong, but in relation to past happenings it is idle merely to wish that they might have been otherwise. The frozen past is what it is, and no amount of worrying is going to make it other than what it has been. But the limited ego-mind identifies itself with its past, gets entangled with it and keeps alive the pangs of frustrated desires. Thus worry continues to grow into the mental life of man until the ego-mind is burdened by the past. Worry is also experienced in relation to the future when this future is expected to be disagreeable in some way. In this case it seeks to justify itself as a necessary part of the attempt to prepare for coping with the anticipated situations. But, things can never be helped merely by worrying. Besides, many of the things which are anticipated never turn up, or if they do occur, they turn out to be much more acceptable than they were expected to be. Worry is the product of feverish imagination working under the stimulus of desires. It is a living through of sufferings which are mostly our own creation. Worry has never done anyone any good, and it is very much worse than mere dissipation of psychic energy, for it substantially curtails the joy and fullness of life.”
― Meher Baba, Discourses

“Everyone knew that if you divided reality by expectation, you got a happiness quotient. But when you invert the equation - expectation divided by reality - you didn't get the opposite of happiness. What you got, Lewis realized, was hope.”
― Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes

“There are hours for rest, and hours for wakefulness; nights for sobriety and nights for drunkenness—(if only so that possession of the former allows us to discern the latter when we have it; for sad as it is, no human body can be happily drunk all the time).”
― Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy

“In the whole history of the world there is but one thing that money cannot buy...to wit--the wag of a dog's tail.”
― Josh Billings

“It makes no difference where you go, there you are. And it makes no difference what you have, there’s always more to want. Until you are happy with who you are, you will never be happy because of what you have.”
― Zig Ziglar

“.. she believed a great happiness awaited her somewhere, and for this reason she remained calm as the days flew by.”
― Gyula Krúdy, Sunflower

“These men are worth your tears. You are not worth their merriment.”
― Wilfred Owen, The Poems of Wilfred Owen

“Everyone has a right to be a little happy, asshole.”
― John Irving, Last Night in Twisted River

“He tapped my chest. 'Happy is here.' He tapped his own chest. 'Here.'
I looked down past my chin. 'Inside?'
'Inside.'
It was getting crowded in there. First angel. Now happy. It seemed there was more to me than cabbage and turnips.”
― Jerry Spinelli, Milkweed

“Mother earth cried so much that she has pool of tears more than the land of happiness.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“I am in an altogether new world now. I can think of nothing more wonderful. It is a real touch of all that heaven means.”
― Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience and Redemption

“Sex could be a blissful communion,. But it could also be a weapon, and its absence, sometimes, was required for the establishment of peace.”
― Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood

“Oh, Marilla, I thought I was happy before. Now I know that I just dreamed a pleasant dream of happiness. This is the reality.”
― L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams

“Not that happiness is dull. Only that it doesn't tell well. And of our consuming diversions as we age is to recite, not only to others but to ourselves, our own story.”
― Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin

“I hate going through this when we just found...," his voice trailed off.
"Found what?"
"Each other," he finished, half-smiling.”
― Markelle Grabo, The Elf Girl

“If there was one thing that life has taught me, it’s to accept the most foolish and unthinkable happiness.”
― A. Bondoux, The Killer's Tears

“I looked long and hard for the paper roses! I found the reddest red ribbon, and a little golden card! We were all there together, many of us, in the same place; but I was the only one who found the paper roses, the only one who chose the reddest red ribbon, and the only one who topped off with a golden card. And so I learned that if people are unhappy, it is only because they don't know how to look for the paper roses, they don't see the reddest red ribbon, and they don't like the little golden cards. We are all in the same wrap-shoppe in this life. But we are different. Because some of us are looking for the paper roses, choosing the reddest red ribbon, and picking up the little golden cards.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“When we strike a balance between the challenge of an activity and our skill at performing it, when the rhythm of the work itself feels in sync with our pulse, when we know that what we're doing matters, we can get totally absorbed in our task. That is happiness.

The life coach Martha Beck asks new potential clients, "Is there anything you do regularly that makes you forget what time it is?"

That forgetting -- that pure absorption -- is what the psychologist Mihaly Csikzentmihalyi calls "flow" or optimal experience. In an interview with Wired magazine, he described flow as "being completely involved in an activity for its own sake. The ego falls away. Time flies. Every action, movement and thought follows inevitably from the previous one, like playing jazz. Your whole being is involved, and you're using your skills to the utmost."

In a typical day that teeters between anxiety and boredom, flow experiences are those flashes of intense living -- bright against the dull. These optimal experiences can happen when we're engaged in work paid and unpaid, in sports, in music, in art.

The researchers Maria Allison and Margaret Duncan have studied the role of flow in women's lives and looked at factors that contributed to what they call "antiflow." Antiflow was associated with repetitive household tasks, repetitive tasks at work, unchallenging tasks, and work we see as meaningless. But there's an element of chaos when it comes to flow. Even if we're doing meaningful and challenging work, that sense of total absoprtion can elude us. We might get completely and beautifully lost in something today, and, try as we might to re-create the same conditions tomorrow, our task might jsut feel like, well, work.

In A Life of One's Own, Marion Milner described her effort to re-create teh conditions of her own recorded moments of happiness, saying, "Often when I felt certain that I had discovered the little mental act which produced the change I walked on air, exulting that I had found the key to my garden of delight and could slip through the door whenever I wished. But most often when I came again the place seemed different, the door overgrown with thorns and my key stuck in the lock. It was as if the first time I had said 'abracadabra' the door had opened, but the next time I must use a different word. (123-124).”
― Ariel Gore, Bluebird: Women and the New Psychology of Happiness

“-Paint-

My girlfriend is so besotted that she can't take her eyes off me. After we've turned out the light she puts on her night-vision goggles, and watched me as I sleep. Quite often I am woken by her sighing and involuntary yelps of happiness. This has been going on for years, and is showing no sign of abating. Once I asked her to stop all this infra-red activity, but it didn't really work; I'd wake up to find her covering me in luminous paint, and softly whispering, 'Sometimes I wonder if you know how much I love you.”
― Dan Rhodes, Anthropology

“There can be many opinions on a thing, but there is only one truth."

Vashet smiled lazily. "And if the pursuit of the truth was my goal, that would concern me." She gave a long yawn, stretching like a happy cat. "Instead I will focus on the joy in my heart, [...}”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear

“A lifetime of lonely regret or happiness with some pain along the way.”
― Melissa Nathan, Persuading Annie

“Nothing in the world can make you happy; everything in the world can encourage you to be happy”
― Robert Holden, Happiness Now!: Timeless Wisdom for Feeling Good FAST

“الحب يعني أن تهتم بسعادة شخص آخر أكثر من اهتمامك بسعادتك أنت ، بغض النظر عن مدى الألم الذي سيسببه لك قرارك”
― Nicholas Sparks, Dear John

“When life gives you pain, accept it. When life gives you happiness, reject it.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“Happiness earned, not given.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“I surround myself with things that make me happy. Why? Because ... it makes me happy.”
― Kelly Epperson

“She was like the sun,
She knew her place in the world -
She would shine again regardless
of all the storms and changeable weather
She wouldn't adjust her purpose
for things that pass.”
― Nikki Rowe

“i have laughed
more than daffodils
and cried more than June.”
― Sanober Khan

“Maybe happiness too is a metaphor invented on a day of boredom”
― Gustave Flaubert, November

“Without struggle, success has no value.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“If you see the world and yourself through a lens smudged by negativity then you’ll find much misery. If you look outwards and inwards through lens brightened by positivity you’ll find much to be happy and appreciative about.”
― Henrik Edberg, The 7 Timeless Habits of Happiness

“Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish; therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.”
― mary baker eddy

“They leave Omelas, they walk ahead into the darkness, and they do not come back. The place they go towards is a place even less imaginable to most of us than the city of happiness. I cannot describe it at all. It is possible that it does not exist. But they seem to know where they are going, the ones who walk away from Omelas.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas

“The secret to a good morning is to watch the sunrise with an open heart.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Remember the botched brothel-visit in L’Education sentimentale and remember its lesson. Do not participate: happiness lies in the imagination, not the act. Pleasure is found first in anticipation, later in memory.”
― Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot

“These examples suggest what one needs to learn to control attention. In principle any skill or discipline one can master on one’s own will serve: meditation and prayer if one is so inclined; exercise, aerobics, martial arts for those who prefer concentrating on physical skills. Any specialization or expertise that one finds enjoyable and where one can improve one’s knowledge over time. The important thing, however, is the attitude toward these disciplines. If one prays in order to be holy, or exercises to develop strong pectoral muscles, or learns to be knowledgeable, then a great deal of the benefit is lost. The important thing is to enjoy the activity for its own sake, and to know that what matters is not the result, but the control one is acquiring over one’s attention.”
― Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Finding Flow: The Psychology of Engagement with Everyday Life

“I wonder if people always choose what will make them unhappy.”
― Megan Whalen Turner, A Conspiracy of Kings

“But suppose the endlessly dead were to
wake in us some emblem:
they might point to the catkins hanging
from the empty hazel trees, or direct
us to the rain
descending on black earth in early
spring. ---

And we, who always think of happiness
rising, would feel the emotion
that almost baffles us
when a happy thing falls.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies

“I enjoy melancholic music and art. They take me to places I don't normally get to go.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Life is a useless passion, an exciting journey of a mammal in survival mode. Each day is a miracle, a blessing unexplored and the more you immerse yourself in light, the less you will feel the darkness. There is more to life than nothingness. And cynicism. And nihilism. And selfishness. And glorious isolation. Be selfish with yourself, but live your life through your immortal acts, acts that engrain your legacy onto humanity. Transcend your fears and follow yourself into the void instead of letting yourself get eaten up by entropy and decay. Freedom is being yourself without permission. Be soft and leave a lasting impression on everybody you meet”
― Mohadesa Najumi

“Culture is an elevated expression of the inner voice which the different peoples of the Earth have heard in the depths of their being, a voice which conveys the vibrant compassion and wisdom of the cosmic life. For different cultures to engage in interaction is to catalyze each other's souls and foster mutual understanding.”
― Daisaku Ikeda

“if you feel happy, Smile with all your heart. if you're down, smile with all your might.”
― Paul Ian Guillermo

“So what's the point, then, if we can't be happy? Why are we doing any of this?"

"Oh, there's definitely happiness," Jack said, turning his back on the ocean and looking at her. "But it's just about moments, not ever-afters." He grinned. "Like when you're right in the middle of the ocean with your friends, with no one trying to kill you in any kind of horrifying way. You have to appreciate these moments when they happen, 'cause obviously we don't get many of them.”
― james riley, The Half Upon a Time Trilogy: Half Upon a Time; Twice Upon a Time; Once Upon the End

“Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”
― Happy Positivity

“Sometimes I think if we didn’t have these problems the whole world would stop spinning on her axis, we’d all stop spinning on our axises, axes, or whatever you want to call them, and then we’d have to settle into the nasty business of finding a way to be happy.”
― Daniel Clausen, Ghosts of Nagasaki: Silence

“It was not in me It came and went
I wanted to hold it It was held by wine
(I no longer know what it was)”
― Rainer Maria Rilke

“If you’re not happy, then something is wrong. A person comes into the world as a happy being, yet over time, the happiness fades away and they find themselves in this bubble of anxiety and misery all the time. And it’s a comfortable place to stay, so they end up hanging out in this bubble for years and years before it suddenly dawns on them that life is meant to be happy. And, it is. It’s just that they’re too busy getting caught up in worry and stress to notice that life is magnificent and beautiful. Being alive is good. Being alive should already make you happy.”
― Leigh Hershkovich

“But I see nothing miraculous about it. Nothing makes one as healthy as happiness, and there is no greater happiness than making someone else happy.”
― Stefan Zweig, Letter from an Unknown Woman and Other Stories

“هكذا يأتي الفرح فجأة ولا نكون أبدا متأنقين لاستقباله”
― ياسمين ثابت, آشيا

“So he caught her in his arms and kissed her, and they were very happy, and told each other what a beautiful world it was, and how wonderful it was that they should have found each other, seeing that the world is not only beautiful but rather large.”
― Edith Nesbit, The Magic World

“In order to have great happiness, you have to have great pain and unhappiness-otherwise how would you know when you're happy?”
― Leslie Caron

“When happiness pours out of your heart, good pours out into the world.”
― Gillian Duce, Demons and Dangers: Magic and Mayhem - Book 4

“The greatest happiness is when the eye discovers beauty where neither then mind conceived of nor the hand intended any.”
― Orhan Pamuk, The Innocence of Objects

“Few of us would regret the years it takes to complete an education or master a crucial skill. So why complain about the perseverance needed to become a well-balanaced and truly compassionate human being?”
― Matthieu Ricard

“He will make you happy, Fanny; I know he will make you happy; but you will make him everything.”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“You only struggle because you're ready to grow but aren't willing to let go.”
― Drew Gerald

“Happiness is something we reap from the seeds we sow. Plant misery seeds and that us what you reap.”
― Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free

“I don't think two people could have been happier than we have been.”
― Michael Cunningham, The Hours

“Don't wait for other people to be loving, giving, compassionate, grateful, forgiving, generous, or friendly... lead the way!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The key to knowing joy is being easily pleased.”
― Mark Nepo

“They think I’m simpleminded because I seem to be happy. Why shouldn’t I be happy? I have everything I ever wanted and more. Maybe I am simpleminded. Maybe that’s the key: simple.”
― Dolly Parton, Dolly: My Life and Other Unfinished Business

“Every day has its great grief or its small anxiety. ... One cloud is dispelled, another forms. There is hardly one day in a hundred of real joy and bright sunshine.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“Why are those who are notoriously undisciplined and unmoral also most contemptuous of religion and morality? They are trying to solace their own unhappy lives by pulling the happy down to their own abysmal depths.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary

“Happiness comes in many forms — in the company of good friends, in the feeling you get when you make someone else’s dream come true, or in the promise of hope renewed. It’s okay to let yourself be happy because you never know how fleeting that happiness might be.”
― Lucas Scott

“Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“She was happy, she knew she was happy, and knew she ought to be happy.”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“You will realize one day that all the money in the world cannot buy you happiness. Nor can it make you a person of good character. ”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“The only way I can be angry at you is when I have thought, said, or done something that is unkind in my own opinion.”
― Byron Katie

“He was persuaded he could know no happiness but in the society of one with whom he could for ever indulge the melancholy that had taken possession of his soul.”
― Horace Walpole, The Castle of Otranto

“[Poem: Slates of Grey]

Sullen faces like slates of grey—
What I’d seen on a walk today.

Bodies rushing bodies bolting
Time for life a disregarding.

Money to make and to grow old
What about the hands to hold?

Deadlines, projects, people to meet
What about our own two feet.

Sullen faces like slates of grey...
What I’d see most anyday.”
― Jess C Scott, Trouble

“Gratitude always comes into play; research shows that people are happier if they are grateful for the positive things in their lives, rather than worrying about what might be missing.”
― Dan Buettner, Thrive: Finding Happiness the Blue Zones Way

“This idea of perpetual happiness is crazy and overrated, because those dark moments fuel you for the next bright moments; each one helps you appreciate the other.”
― Brad Pitt

“The good news is that I believe every woman who wants to can find a great partner. You're just going to need to get rid of the idea that marriage will make you happy. It won't. Once the initial high wears off, you'll just be you, except with twice as much laundry.

Because ultimately, marriage is not about getting something -- it's about giving it. Strangely, men understand this more than we do. Probably because for them marriage involves sacrificing their most treasured possession -- a free-agent penis -- and for us, it's the culmination of a princess fantasy so universal, it built Disneyland.”
― Tracy McMillan

“Frugality, I've learned, has its own cost, one that sometimes lasts forever.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding

“Happiness isn’t the reward we retrieve after a long struggle. It arrives daily, in those clear moments when our hearts are tender, pricked by the embrace of a loved one, the beauty of a single flower, the majesty of the world in which we are central. Look over your shoulder at how far you’ve come and all the good things you’ve experienced and that is when you will see the smiling face of happiness.”
― Toni Sorenson

“I know money isn't everything. but it certainly is something.”
― Thisuri Wanniarachchi, COLOMBO STREETS

“Happiness,... even the smallest happiness, is like a step out of Time, and the greatest happiness is sharing in Eternity.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“Now some of you will say that the two are one and the same - happiness and joy - but this is not so. Happiness is a feeling. Happiness is fleeting, dependent on the moment, the circumstances, even the weather. Joy is transcendent, enduring, and, in the biblical context, is not an emotion. Joy is an attitude of the heart. Joy brings us peace, a refuge in the midst of troubles. God gives us joy through His Spirit. But the enemy tries to steal your joy and give you temporary happiness instead. Now, is there anything wrong with being happy? Nee, but it cannot last. So, you may wonder why I bring up the difference between these two - it is simple really. [...] marriage is sacred before the Lord, a decision for a lifetime, but too often I think young people look upon it as a source of happiness. Do not look at marriage this way. See it as a reservoir of joy, a deep, welling spring that endures the icy blast of temper, the bite of an angry word, the void of loneliness in a heart hungry for talk when there is no response. [...] Seek joy in each other, not happiness.”
― Kelly Long, Lilly's Wedding Quilt

“There is no such thing as a perfectly happy or perfectly unhappy man in the world. One has more happiness in his life and another more unhappiness, and the same circumstance may produce widely different effects on individuals of different temperaments.”
― Giacomo Casanova, The Story of My Life

“It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Happiness: being able to forget or, to express in a more learned fashion.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Advantage and Disadvantage of History for Life

“I used to float along in all of this, like a leaf on a coursing stream, but i am heavier now, less easily moved, more resolute and steadfast. I am no longer in pursuit of happiness. As I stand here at my front door, key in hand, I think it is just possible that happiness, at least for now, today, this hour, may be in pursuit of me.”
― Anne Giardini, The Sad Truth About Happiness

“Why do I want to run from happiness?”
― Mary Balogh, More Than a Mistress

“If you love a person, you should show it in adundance, not reserve it for special occasions like fine china.”
― Bryan Cohen, The Post-College Guide to Happiness

“My mind to me a kingdom is,
Such present joys therein I find,
That it excels all other bliss
That world affords or grows by kind.
Though much I want which most would have,
Yet still my mind forbids to crave.”
― Edward Dyer

“I wished upon a star and the heavens sent me you”
― Sonya Watson, The Tide Breaker

“Comparison is the thief of joy.”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.”
― Debasish Mridha

“I don't know whether it is beautiful or sad, that I find such blissful happiness within the confines of my own mind, more so than I do in the reality that surrounds me.”
― Kendal Rob

“Human happiness is defined by the hardships and conflicts you have been through. The greater they are, the greater is your happiness.”
― Peter Deunov

“Why sadness was created?
So we could rest from laughing.”
― Nelson M. Lubao

“In my judgment, the woman is the equal of the man. She has all the rights I have and one more, and that is the right to be protected. That is my doctrine. You are married; try and make the woman you love happy. Whoever marries simply for himself will make a mistake; but whoever loves a woman so well that he says 'I will make her happy,' makes no mistake. And so with the woman who says, 'I will make him happy.' There is only one way to be happy, and that is to make somebody else so.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty Of Man, Woman And Child

“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The key to happiness - or that even more desired thing, calmness - lies not in always thinking happy thoughts. No. That is impossible. No mind on earth with any kind of intelligence could spend a lifetime enjoying only happy thoughts. They key is in accepting your thoughts, all of them, even the bad ones. Accept thoughts, but don't become them.
Understand, for instance, that having a sad thought, even having a continual succession of sad thoughts, is not the same as being a sad person.”
― Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive

“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Be like a branch of a tree; flex your body to face 'wind of sorrow'; flex little harder to dance in the 'wind of happiness'.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“How often is happiness destroyed by preparation, foolish preparation!”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“Vulnerability is the least celebrated emotion in our society”
― Mohadesa Najumi

“The old man slowly raised himself from the piano stool, fixed those cheerful blue eyes piercingly and at the same time with unimaginable friendliness upon him, and said: "Making music together is the best way for two people to become friends. There is none easier. That is a fine thing. I hope you and I shall remain friends. Perhaps you too will learn how to make fugues, Joseph.”
― Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game

“that's exactly the good thing about the Injun life--you don't have to stop and think about whether or not you're 'happy'--which in my opinionis a highly overrated human condition invented by white folks”
― Jim Fergus, One Thousand White Women: The Journals of May Dodd

“Maybe Shakespeare was right. Maybe all the world was a stage. Maybe without the act everything would fall apart. The key to happiness wasn't being yourself, because what did that even mean? Everyone had many selves. No. The key to happiness is finding the lie that suits you best.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“Expect more get less and feel sadness Or expect less get more and feel happiness”
― Vijay Dhameliya

“I think about my mother singing after lunch on a Summer afternoon, twirling in blue dress across the floor of her dressing room”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.”
― George Alexiou

“Our own front door can be a wonderful thing, or a sight we dread; rarely is it only a door.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“Joy is the holy fire that keeps our purpose warm and our intelligence aglow.”
― Helen Keller

“We left behind the other kids; their path-working, drinking, and being grown up- and rejected all that made them grumpy, uncreative and lifeless. We dumpstered, squatted, and shoplifted our lives back. Everything fell into place when we decided our lives were meant to be lived. Life serves the risk taker...”
― CrimethInc., Evasion

“An ardent desire to go took possession of me once more. Not because I wanted to leave - I was quite all right on this Cretan coast, and felt happy and free there and I needed nothing - but because I have always been consumed with one desire; to touch and see as much as possible of the earth and the sea before I die.”
― Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek

“A person cannot direct his emotional life in the way he bids his motor system to reach for a cup. He cannot will himself to want the right thing or to love the right person or to be happy after a disappointment, or even to be happy in happy times. People lack this capacity not through a deficiency of discipline but because the jurisdiction of will is limited to the latest brain and to those functions within its purview. Emotional life can be influenced, but it cannot be commanded.”
― Thomas Lewis, A General Theory of Love

“Your most important “want” should be the one you can control!”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Happiness is a good business these days, more you talk crap about happiness the large number of crowd you will gather.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“In all human love it must be realized that every man promises a woman, and every woman promises a man that which only God alone can give, namely, perfect happiness. One of the reasons why so many marriages are shipwrecked is because as the young couple leave the altar, they fail to realize that human feelings tire and the enthusiasm of the honeymoon is not the same as the more solid happiness of enduring human love. One of the greatest trials of marriage is the absence of solitude. In the first moments of human love, one does not see the little hidden deformities which later on appear.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Three to Get Married

“His gut was stitched up good and tight, but that didn’t prevent it from flopping. He wiped his damp palms on the legs of his jeans and stood up shakily, leaning heavily on his cane.
He called himself a masochist for putting himself through this torture day after day.
He braced himself for the disappointment of having to go home alone.
He braced himself for happiness like he’d never known in his entire life.
He watched the door they would come through.”
― Sandra Brown, Lethal

“Some people only dream of success… while others wake up and use Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!

“What need is there to say more?
The childish work for their own benefit,
The Buddhas work for the benefit of others.
Just look at the difference between them.

If I do not exchange my happiness, for the suffering of others, I shall not attain the state of Buddhahood.
And even in Samsara I shall have no real joy.

The source of all misery in the world lies in thinking of oneself;
The source of all happiness lies in thinking of others.”
― Shantideva

“The happiness of a family is such a complex matter. Like a table laid out with a tea service, it looks so ordinary until it's threatened. Then it becomes infinitely precious.”
― Lynda Williams, Holy war

“A withered maple leaf has left its branch and is falling to the ground; its movements resemble those of a butterfly in flight. Isn't it strange? The saddest and deadest of things is yet so like the gayest and most vital of creatures?”
― Ivan Turgenev, Fathers and Sons

“Suddenly I realized that I wanted everything to be as it was when I was younger. When you're young enough, you don't know that you live in a cheap lousy apartment. A cracked chair is nothing other than a chair. A dandelion growing out of a crack in the sidewalk outside your front door is a garden. You could believe that a song your parent was singing in the evening was the most tragic opera in the world. It never occurs to you when you are very young to need something other than what your parents have to offer you.”
― Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals

“Happiness is not only a hope, but also in some strange manner a memory ... we are all kings in exile.”
― G.K. Chesterton, The Thing: Why I am a Catholic

“Come here, let me share a bit of wisdom with you.
Have you given much thought to our mortal condition?
Probably not. Why would you? Well, listen.
All mortals owe a debt to death.
There's no one alive
who can say if he will be tomorrow.
Our fate moves invisibly! A mystery.
No one can teach it, no one can grasp it.
Accept this! Cheer up! Have a drink!
But don't forget Aphrodite--that's one sweet goddess.
You can let the rest go. Am I making sense?
I think so. How about a drink.
Put on a garland. I'm sure
the happy splash of wine will cure your mood.
We're all mortal you know. Think mortal.
Because my theory is, there's no such thing as life,
it's just catastrophe.”
― Anne Carson, Grief Lessons: Four Plays by Euripides

“No man is happy who does not think himself so.”
― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations

“She tried to act as though it were nothing to go to the library alone. But her happiness betrayed her. Her smile could not be restrained, and it spread from her tightly pressed mouth, to her round cheeks, almost to the hair ribbons tied in perky bows over her ears.”
― Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown

“What would it be like to look in the mirror and actually accept what you see? Not loathe the reflection, or despise it, or be resigned to it? But to like it?”
― Justina Chen Headley, North of Beautiful

“Unhappiness is bondage; therefore, happiness is freedom.”
― Lauren Oliver, Delirium

“Many married women who have deliberately spurned the "hour" of childbearing are unhappy and frustrated. They never discovered the joys of marriage because they refused to surrender to the obligation of their state. In saving themselves, they lost themselves!”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary

“Again, I am surprised why people seek to eliminate lust and cling to love; as they wish to ignore happiness and cleave unto joy! Now, now, let's not sugar-coat things! Lust has a lot more to do with life and what is the good of life if you do not carry much lust inside of you at all times? And joy is a noble thing, but happiness though fleeting can be found every day and in every small little way!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Happiness is not a state of being. Happiness is a vector, it is movement.”
― Neal Shusterman, Bruiser

“The man is happiest who lives from day to day and asks no more, garnering the simple goodness of life.”
― Euripides

“I took the dog out for a walk tonight, and together we wandered across the meadow next door. It was a warm summer's night, dark, and moonless. There were a handful of fireflies flickering intermittently, some so close to me I could see they were burning green as they flew, and some further away, who seemed to be flashing white.

And in the sky above them a continual roil of distant summer lightning (the storm distant enough that it was silent) burned and flashed and illuminated the clouds. It seemed as if the lightning bugs were talking to the lightning, in a perfect call and response of flash and counterflash. I watched the sky and the meadow flash and flash while the dog walked ahead of me, and realised that I was perfectly happy...”
― Neil Gaiman

“Happiness is attained, not through self-interest, but through unconditional fidelity in endless love of eternal light.”
― Aaron Cohen

“If you stay in the company of anger, pain, or hurt, happiness will find someone else to visit. Make the choice to view all of your past relationships as a gift. Throw out what hasn’t worked in the past and incorporate new concepts. Focus on being happy﻿.”
― Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships

“You see, nothing matters except pleasure - which is the opposite of happiness, its tragic part, I expect.”
― Lawrence Durrell, The Alexandria Quartet

“The secret of happiness is something to do”
― John Burroughs

“How can I tell Bob that my happiness streams from having wrenched a piece out of my life, a piece of hurt and beauty, and transformed it to typewritten words on paper? How can he know I am justifying my life, my keen emotions, my feeling, by turning it into print?”
― Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath

“If you really want to be happy, don't just go for the money. Go for the relationship that lasts. Go for things of greater value.”
― Tony Meloto (Your First Job by: N. Dy)

“I was terrified of my weakness, of my sharp tongue, of
my every flaw. I was terrified that this moment, my chance to
live in happiness for however short a time we may have had,
would be ruined because I was simply not carved out of the
same wood as happiness, and that my grain was too twisted
to ever take its form.”
― Amy Lane, Truth in the Dark

“Happiness without freedom, or freedom without happiness. There was no third alternative.”
― Yevgeny Zamyatin, We

“The thing about life is, you’ve got to somehow make it through the day. Don’t wait for the beautiful evening. Go on with your life. Of course, the beautiful evening will come. In fact, she’s on her way. And she’s coming to you as fast as she can. And dude, she’s beautiful.”
― Thisuri Wanniarachchi

“It is not where we are that matters nor what we have, it is what we do with where we are and what we have.”
― Sonia Rumzi

“And Nedley started saying,'Shut Up!Quit that! And i knew it really meant something to him. So I asked for his help,"Mark said. "Don't tell the story like that," Nedley laughed. "What he said was 'Quit pretendin you're a bad guy I need your help, and I need it now!”
― Margaret Peterson Haddix, Among the Brave

“I'm generally a happy person -with the help of antidepressants, that is- so there is something to be said for surrounding myself with happy people.”
― Rachel Machacek, The Science of Single: One Woman's Grand Experiment in Modern Dating, Creating Chemistry, and Finding L ove

“For a woman to deny the necessity of true love in her life would be to deny herself, and her creator.”
― Dwain K. White Sr., Every Woman's Dream

“Reading messed with my brain in an unaccountable way. It made me happy; or something.”
― Salvatore Scibona

“People expected something for nothing, that’s why they did nothing so beautifully these days.”
― Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise

“I have been poisoned in your love and now I need antidote Jacqueline.L.J! <3”
― Omaid olovejlj Zazai

“I want to be careful not to throw all this away. This is happiness. I think this is what happiness is. I haven't got it yet, but I can sense it out there. I feel I'm close to it. Some days, I'm so close I can almost smell it.”
― Sebastian Faulks, Engleby

“Happiness. It comes on
unexpectedly. And goes beyond, really,
any early morning talk about it.”
― Raymond Carver

“I have lived through much, and now I think I have found what is needed for happiness. A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books , music, love for one's neighbor - such is my idea of happiness. And then, on top of all that, you for a mate, and children, perhaps - what more can the heart of a man desire?”
― Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness

“Even the smallest shift in perspective can bring about the greatest healing.”
― Joshua Kai, The Quantum Prayer: An Inspiring Guide to Love, Healing, and Creating the Best Life Possible

“It's hard to say. Sometimes people have had terrible childhoods. And sometimes they just haven't found their special place in life. And sometimes they're dogs from hell and must be destroyed.”
― Charles Addams

“It almost seemed as if there must be some random and of course unfair thrift in the emotional housekeeping of the world, if the great happiness--however temporary, however flimsy--of one person could come out of the great unhappiness of another.”
― Alice Munro, Too Much Happiness

“The man with toothache thinks everyone happy whose teeth are sound.

The poverty stricken man makes the same mistake about the rich man.”
― George Bernard Shaw

“Children must early learn the the beauty of generosity. They are taught to give what they prize most, that they may taste the happiness of giving.”
― Charles Eastman (Ohiyesa)

“Christopher McCandless:"I will miss you too, but you are wrong if you think that the joy of life comes principally from the joy of human relationships. God's place is all around us, it is in everything and in anything we can experience. People just need to change the way they look at things.”
― Shunryu Suzuki

“We live in a community of people not so that we can suppress and dominate eachother or make each other miserable but so that we can better and more reliably satisfy all life's healthy needs.”
― Wilhelm Reich, Children of the Future: On the Prevention of Sexual Pathology

“Happiness does not come from a job. It comes from knowing what you truly value, and behaving in a way that’s consistent with those beliefs.”
― Mike Rowe

“Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Nurturing, Providing, and loving you passionately. May that be, my number of responsibilities. As one to the end, forever more. That's how long I desire, our love to last for. Providing for you many and joyful memories. In hours of darkness, as well as brightness. I plan to supply for you. For your love for me and happiness, is all that matters to me.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable

“We are living in a time when flowers are trying to live on flowers, instead of on good rain and black loam.”
― Ray Bradbury

“The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.”
― Debasish Mridha

“It is too late for me to learn your wisdom in this matter. From the time I knew aught, I have lived with a knight and his lady whose love lit and warmed the dark hall on winter's nights. Madam, my example comes not from any book of romance. My grandparents walked and breathed; they kissed and quarreled. This I must have, and I will seek it with the point of my knife in a bad husband's heart if I can find it no other way.”
― Roberta Gellis

“Joy is distinctly a Christian word and a Christian thing. It is the reverse of happiness. Happiness is the result of what happens of an agreeable sort. Joy has its spring deep down inside. And that spring never runs dry, no matter what happens. Only Jesus gives that joy.”
― Samuel Gordon

“It was a pity that people did not risk enough to speak out in behalf of one another's happiness and their own.
”
― Louis Zukofsky, Collected Fiction

“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“I know how syrupy this sounds, how dull, provincial, and possibly whitewashed, but what can I do? Happy childhoods happen”
― Marisa de los Santos, Belong to Me

“The world seems to want us to be sad and angry because bad things frequently happen. But I say we should feel the opposite. We should be happy and cheerful because good things happen. We should be delighted to see the sun rise and stars glow and rainbows color stormy skies. We should savor every simple breath and eat each meal with gratitude. We should slumber in sweet dreams and relish moments of laughter and love. We should take more notice of the joys and kindnesses that do exist, still dictating the actions of millions of good people all over the world. Life is filled with pleasant moments, not just grief. We should be happy because this is true.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons

“Through strength I found love
In time I found myself in happiness with you”
― Alexis Jordan

“As I watch him, a sudden recognition comes over me: Tonight, I can be anyone I want… maybe being happy only means living in the moment, appreciating the exact moment you're in and not thinking about the worries of the future.”
― Laura Fitzgerald, Veil of Roses

“Respect? Of course, always, to all, because everything seems funnier when you're trying to show respect.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Happiness was not a word that seemed to apply anymore, when she had lost so many close to her. There was a contentment that felt deeper, that acknowledged and accepted the quieter offerings of small joys—of love and occasional peace in a life that was full of pain.”
― Peter Heller, Celine

“Happiness consists in always aspiring perfection, the pause in any level in perfection is the pause of happiness”
― Leon Tolstoy

“Let us waste no further time looking for the secret of success or the key to happiness. Already the door is open and whosoever will may enter.”
― Ernest Holmes, The Science of Mind

“Your first purpose is to find a purpose for yourself. And your second purpose must not immediately be trying to reach that purpose you found but to investigate thoroughly whether that purpose is really necessary for yourself or whether it is worth at all to struggle for it! Because millions are fighting for a purpose which will in no way make them happy at the end!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Many of us seem to live our lives looking for happiness. That is not always a bad thing, but it can be if we continually believe that happiness is someplace else and not in the present.”
― Barbara Barrington Jones

“When you can no longer count the peaceful moments in your day, and life becomes a wonderful place of clear thoughts and calm. You know things are as right as they should be.”
― Ron Baratono

“Learn to be happy through the good fortunes and joys of your friends and not through senseless quarrels. If you allow these natural feelings to blossom within you, your every burden will seem lighter or more bearable to you, you will find your own way through patience, and you will spread joy everywhere.”
― Albert Einstein

“Happy people produce. Bored people consume.”
― Stephen Richards

“No matter how small you start, always dream big.”
― Stephen Richards

“No beating yourself up. That’s not allowed. Be patient with yourself. It took you years to form the bad habits of thought that you no longer want. It will take a little
time to form new and better ones. But I promise you this: Even a slight move in this direction will bring you some peace. The more effort you apply to it, the faster you’ll find your bliss, but you’ll experience rewards immediately.”
― Holly Mosier

“I never had one hour's happiness in her society, and yet my mind all round the four-and-twenty hours was harping on the happiness of having her with me unto death.”
― Charles Dickens, Great Expectations

“He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“Don’t we get it? To put our arm around someone who is gay, someone who has an addiction, somebody who lives a different lifestyle, someone who is not what we think they should be… doing that has nothing to do with enabling them or accepting what they do as okay by us. It has nothing to do with encouraging them in their practice of what you or I might feel or believe is wrong vs right.

It has everything to do with being a good human being. A good person. A good friend.”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“The good life doesn't knock on the door.
Joy is a job.”
― Lionel Shriver

“To embark on the journey towards your goals and dreams requires bravery. To remain on that path requires courage. The bridge that merges the two is commitment.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Keep in mind that the reason you know you can be good to others is only because you've taken strides to be better for and to yourself.”
― Alexandra Elle, Words from a Wanderer

“Ultimately, happiness comes down to choosing between the discomfort of becoming aware of your mental afflictions and the discomfort of being ruled by them.”
― Yongey Mingyur Rinpoche, The Joy of Living: Unlocking the Secret and Science of Happiness

“Don't nourish your fears more than you nourish your hopes.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the result of your action will be a life of success.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“Everyone knew as much as they needed to know to be happy.”
― Ian McEwan, Sweet Tooth

“Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If the sun is shining, stand in it- yes, yes, yes. Happy times are great, but happy times pass- they have to- because time passes. The pursuit of happiness is more elusive; it is life-long, and it is not goal-centred. What you are pursuing is meaning- a meaningful life... There are times when it will go so wrong that you will be barely alive, and times when you realise that being barely alive, on your own terms, is better than living a bloated half-life on someone else's terms.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“The more death, the more birth. People are entering, others are exiting. The cry of a baby, the mourning of others. When others cry, the other are laughing and making merry. The world is mingled with sadness, joy, happiness, anger, wealth, poverty, etc.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“It is sad that people need alcohol to make them happy.”
― Habeeb Akande

“Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness... but only when you pay your taxes? That means your freedom is rented, leased, & not unalienable.”
― Steve Maraboli

“You can enjoy a deep sense of satisfaction and happiness in life despite challenging circumstances. It's all in how you think about it.”
― Kristi Bowman

“It is not really hard to do nothing. Many can. The hard part is doing nothing without feeling guilty about it.”
― Haim Shapira, Things That Matter

“As contraries are known by contraries, so is the delights of presence best known by the torments of absence.”
― Alcibiades

“I neither knew nor cared whether my experience was insanity, dreaming, or magic; but was determined to gaze on brilliance and gaiety at any cost.”
― H.P Lovecraft

“Merry hearts are vulnerable to death, don't be over-joyed to the state of oblivion, lest the enemy poison your meal.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Here, also, the future was cried aloud by the wind through the rocks, so that all those who heard would shiver, and then the liquid spring song of the thrush would make all the beauty of moonlight and sunlight blend together, making it true, so true, that happiness must come again”
― Elyne Mitchell, Moon Filly

“Give Happiness, Patience, kindness, and Care, and the PAIN goes away.

Then only LOVE remains...”
― Tsem Tulku Rinpoche, 108 Ways to Grab My Apples

“No man should ever completely realize his dreams. What else would there then be to live for?”
― David Gemmell, Lion of Macedon

“A Friend
Someone
You're happy to see,
Who's happy to see you.
Someone
You like for who they are
Not just for what they can do for you.”
― Nancy J. Cavanaugh, This Journal Belongs to Ratchet

“The years lay spread out before her, spacious untouched canvases on which she was presently going to paint the picture of her life. It was to be a very beautiful picture, she said to herself with an extraordinary feeling of proud confidence; not beautiful because of any gifts or skill of hers, for never was a woman more giftless, but because of all the untiring little touches, the ceaseless care for detail, the patient painting out of mistakes; and every touch and every detail was going to be aglow with the bright colours of happiness.”
― Elizabeth von Arnim, The Pastor's Wife

“It was not often that Flay approved of happiness in others. He saw in happiness the seeds of independence, and in independence the seeds of revolt. But on an occasion such as this it was different, for the spirit of convention was being rigorously adhered to, and in between his ribs Mr. Flay experienced twinges of pleasure.”
― Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan

“Try to be happy in this present moment, and put not off being so to a time to come--as though that time should be of another make from this which has already come and is ours.”
― Thomas Fuller

“She had known happiness, exquisite happiness, intense happiness, and it silvered the rough waves a little more brightly, as daylight faded, and the blue went out of the sea and it rolled in waves of pure lemon which curved and swelled and broke upon the beach and the ecstasy burst in her eyes and waves of pure delight raced over the floor of her mind and she felt, It is enough! It is enough!”
― Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse

“Up then, fair phoenix bride, frustrate the sun;
Thyself from thine affection
Takest warmth enough, and from thine eye
All lesser birds will take their jollity.
Up, up, fair bride, and call
Thy stars from out their several boxes, take
Thy rubies, pearls, and diamonds forth, and make
Thyself a constellation of them all;
And by their blazing signify
That a great princess falls, but doth not die.
Be thou a new star, that to us portends
Ends of much wonder; and be thou those ends.”
― John Donne, The Complete English Poems

“I like how Mother Teresa put it: "Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness: kindness in your face, in your eyes, in your smile." If you approach life this way, always looking for ways to build instead of to tear down, you'll be amazed at how much happiness you can give to others and find for yourself”
― Sean Covey, The 7 Habits Of Highly Effective Teens

“Here is a commandment for you: seek happiness in sorrow. Work, work tirelessly.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov

“I willingly allow that money does not guarantee happiness; but it must also be allowed that it makes happiness a great deal easier to achieve.”
― Pierre A.F. Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses

“There is a difference between talented people and gifted people.Talented people are good AT something; Gifted people ARE that something.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Peace is something like happiness; you cannot say "I will be happy when..." and you can't say "I will be peaceful when..." Your happiness shouldn't depend on the situation you're in nor on the circumstances that surround you. In the same breath, you cannot wait for everything around you to become peaceful in order for you to say "I am peaceful." In both happiness and peace, there is a heart of strength, determination and steadfastness; a heart that has the power to make things happen. You have to be at peace. You have to be happy. Now.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Seek happiness in tranquility and avoid ambition even if it be only the apparently innocent one of distinguishing yourself in science and discoveries.”
― Mary Shelley

“If you can channel the best part of you that is bigger than yourself, where it’s not about your ego and not about getting ahead, then you can have fun and you aren’t jealous of others. You see other people's talent as another branch of your own. You can keep it rooted in joy. Life is long and there are plenty of opportunities to make mistakes. The point of it all is to learn.”
― Ethan Hawke

“Happiness is the highest form of self-respect. A person who allows himself to be happy shows his self-respect.”
― Maery Rubin

“Envy nobody. It is the true secret of happiness, or at least the only one I know. (By Moonlight)”
― Peter S. Beagle, We Never Talk about My Brother

“For what are the words with which to summarize a lifetime, so much crowded confused happiness terminated by such stark slow-motion pain?”
― Joyce Carol Oates, We Were the Mulvaneys

“If [God] send me no husband, for the which blessing I am at him upon my knees every morning and evening ...”
― William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing

“I had decided to stop chasing the money, and start chasing the passion.”
― Tony Hsieh, Delivering Happiness: A Path to Profits, Passion, and Purpose

“Wanna be always Happy? Always carry some chocolate with you ;)”
― pablo

“الإيمان الحق نفيض السعادة التافهة”
― Naguib Mahfouz, حضرة المحترم

“A string of excited, fugitive, miscellaneous pleasures is not happiness; happiness resides in imaginative reflection and judgment, when the picture of one’s life, or of human life, as it truly has been or is, satisfies the will, and is gladly accepted.”
― George Santayana

“The U.S. Constitution doesn't guarantee happiness, only the pursuit of it. Your have to catch up with it yourself.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“Give more, so that we can build more, put interest in understanding another more in whatever actions one might carry out in life. Because we all are fighting for survival against adversaries and are sometimes falling, but if we stand together and help shield and strengthen one another, imagine the world that we will live in together, having more happiness with one another, at one another’s side.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated

“Fate is the malevolent little jester sitting up in the heavens and pondering over how ridiculous we humans are and he does his best to make fools out of all of us. And sooner or later he succeeds.”
― Lisa Kleypas, Forever My Love

“And though I was currently living a fairy tale, some part of my soul knew that happiness couldn't last forever. I didn't deserve a happily ever after, and there weren't many other cards to play when that was the truth.”
― Alysha Speer, Sharden

“Happiness never made anyone rich or famous. That must be why ambitious people avoid it.”
― Marty Rubin

“جدارة الرسالات السامية تقاس عادة بما تحققه من سعادة للبشر تتمثل أول ما تتمثل في الأخذ بيد المضطهدين”
― نجيب محفوظ, Sugar Street

“People with the most interests live, not only longest, but happiest.”
― George Matthew Allen

“For some people, she thought, trials were only temporary; they sailed towards happiness through the roughest weather.”
― Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin

“We were so happy.”
― Liane Moriarty, What Alice Forgot

“The disempowered mind believes dreams come true; the empowered mind knows you bring your dreams to life.”
― Steve Maraboli

“You know, when you're unhappy you don't have the strength left to take care of others. But it doesn't mean you don't love them.”
― Francesca Marciano, Casa Rossa

“Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good company, good conversation, are the happiest people in the world.”
― Willaim Lyon Phelps

“There are some moments you feel like you'll remember forever. Rare, still moments when everything is NOW, as if everything has been stopped and hushed so that you can take it all in. When things are just as they should be, and everyone is one your side, and the whole world makes sense [...] Suddenly, there's peace, perfection, happiness. In that one, tiny moment of time.”
― Simon Cheshire, Plastic Fantastic

“It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories.”
― W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage

“I know you have it in you, Guy," Anne said suddenly at the end of a silence, "the capacity to be terribly happy.”
― Patricia Highsmith, Strangers on a Train

“Remember, we are our own griefs, my dear, we are our own happinesses and we are our own remedies.

[An excerpt from “My friend, Abigail”]”
― Huseyn Raza

“You can't
stop dreaming
just because
the night never
seems to
end.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Ivan tells Anna: "I used to imagine that being embraced by a woman . . . as something so wonderful that it would make me forget everthing . . . [But] happiness, it turns out, will be to share with you the burden I can't share with anyone else.”
― Vasily Grossman, Everything Flows

“The green thumb is equable in the face of nature's uncertainties; he moves among her mysteries without feeling the need for control or explanations or once-and-for-all solutions. To garden well is to be happy amid the babble of the objective world, untroubled by its refusal to be reduced by our ideas of it, its indomitable rankness.”
― Michael Pollan, Second Nature: A Gardener's Education

“Remember that our Heavenly Father knows us perfectly and knows what's best for us . . . . Surely, His knowledge is greater than ours. We just have to have faith in Him. If we don't, well, that doesn't change what happened, it just makes us more miserable because we refuse to trust His will. Our Heavenly Father wants us to have joy. And happiness. But we need to look for those opportunities that give us joy. If we don't, what would be the purpose for existing?”
― Jeri Gilchrist, Out of Nowhere

“...anticipation of happiness can sometimes be as gratifying as its consummation.”
― Gaynor Arnold, Girl in a Blue Dress

“The proper basis for marriage is mutual misunderstanding. The happiness of a married man depends on the people he has not married. One should always be in love - that's the reason one should never marry.”
― Oscar Wilde, Lord Arthur Savile's Crime and Other Stories

“Sometimes customizing is necessary because of an injury or the inability to do, for a short or long period, the kind of exercise you formerly did. When you're used to customizing for fun, doing it under duress won't seem like such an imposition. Either way, experiment until you find activities that make you happy as well as healthy. Choose your exercise using the same criteria you'd apply to choosing a date--that is, attractive to you and able to hold your interest for an hour.”
― Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit

“Mankind were intended to be happy... that government being only the means of securing freedom and happiness to the people, whenever it deviates from this end, and their freedom and happiness are in great danger of being irrevocably lost, the government is no longer entitled to their allegiance. ("The Principles of an American Whig"-1777)”
― James Iredell

“It's lovely to see people so happy.”
― Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys

“Some nonreligious people are disgruntled by the word "faith," feeling that it has no connection to them. But we all have faith. Broadly speaking, "faith" does not apply only to belief in the supernatural. We have faith in our life, for example, believing we will live to see tomorrow, or in our health, believing we have years of healthy life ahead of us. Husbands and wives, parents and children have faith in one another.”
― Kentetsu Takamori, Unlocking Tannisho: Shinran's Words on the Pure Land Path

“..Such practices and beliefs, which interfere with happiness, are neither inevitable nor necessary; they evolved by chance, as a result of random responses to accidental conditions. But once they become part of the norms and habits of a culture, people assume that this is how things must be; they come to believe they have no other options.”
― Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience

“But 'tis a sad thing that all one's happiness is only that the world does not know you are miserable.”
― Dorothy Osborne, Letters to Sir William Temple

“Outside, she thought that there ought to be a word for it: the air temperature that was perfectly neither hot nor cold. One degree lower, and she might have felt a faint misgiving about not having brought a jacket. One degree higher, and a skim of sweat might have glistened at her hairline. But at this precise degree, she required neither wrap nor breeze. Were there a word for such a temperature, there would have to be a corollary for the particular ecstasy of greeting it - the heedlessness, the needlessness, the suspended lack of urgency, as if time could stop, or should. Usually temperature was a battle; only at this exact fulcrum was it an active delight.”
― Lionel Shriver, The Post-Birthday World

“The first sure symptom of a mind in health Is rest of heart and pleasure felt at home.”
― Edward Young

“How to Find Your Joylah

1. Try new things
2. Be open to new friends
3. Visit new places
4. Listen to new ideas
5. Remember each day is a new day
6. And it's really no big deal if beads get mixed up every once in a while”
― Elizabeth Atkinson, I, Emma Freke

“Cynicism is the calling card of unhappy people.”
― Iimani David

“Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' gardens.

”
― Douglas Jerrold

“Es dauerte einen Moment, bis er ihr antwortete:
Nein, ich spreche von... von eurer Freiheit, glaube ich. Von dem Glück, das ihr habt, für euch zu leben und auf alles andere zu pfeifen.”
― Anna Gavalda, Hunting and Gathering

“Je tiefer sich das Leid in euer Sein eingräbt, desto mehr Freude könnt ihr fassen.”
― Khalil Gibran

“I see you and St. John have been quarrelling, Jane,' said Diana, 'during your walk on the moor. But go after him; he is now lingering in the passage expecting you - he will make it up.'

I have not much pride under such circumstances: I would always rather be happy than dignified; and I ran after him - he stood at the foot of the stairs.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre

“She needed to recover. His father had died in January; it was only the end of May. They needed to stick to the routine they'd established during the intervening months. in that way, their life would return to its original shape, like a spring stretched in bad times but contracting eventually into happiness. That the world could come permanently unsprung had never occurred to him.”
― David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle

“I went back to my room and spent all night contemplating whether it was possible in life not to be constantly let down. If it could ever be worth pinning your happiness to another person, when all other people ever seemed to do was disappear.”
― Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy

“I did, of course, on both counts, and started going out with the boy I lost my virginity to - all of it. He lost his to me too, except that neither of us felt we had lost anything - just discovered the meaning of life and love and everything else unnecessary in between.”
― Elly Varrenti, This is Not My Beautiful Life: Love, Happiness and Other Great Expectations

“We mistakenly think that by putting ourselves first, we’ll finally get what we want. In fact, true happiness comes not from thinking more of ourselves, but rather from thinking less of ourselves—from seeing the truly small role we play in something much bigger, much more important than our individual needs.”
― Jane McGonigal, Reality is Broken: Why Games Make Us Better and How They Can Change the World

“Happiness is the feeling we experience when we are too busy to be miserable.”
― Thomas L. Masson

“I feel as though the world is a friendly boy walking along in the sun.”
― Robert Rauschenberg

“I think one of the keys to happiness is accepting that I am never going to be perfectly happy. Life is uncomfortable. So I might as well get busy loving the people around me... I'm going to quit chasing happiness long enough to notice it smiling right at me.”
― Glennon Doyle Melton, Carry On, Warrior: Thoughts on Life Unarmed

“Dads. Do you not realize that a child is what you tell them they are? That people almost always become what they are labeled? Was whatever your child just did really the “dumbest thing you’ve ever seen somebody do”? Was it really the “most ridiculous thing they ever could have done”? Do you really believe that your child is an idiot? Because she now does. Think about that. Because you said it, she now believes it. Bravo.”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“They couldn’t have known that even this was a lie—that we never really choose, not entirely. We are always being pushed and squeezed down one road or another. We have no choice but to step forward, and then step forward again, and then step forward again; suddenly we find ourselves on a road we haven’t chosen at all.

But maybe happiness isn’t in the choosing. Maybe it’s in the fiction, in the pretending: that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along.”
― Lauren Oliver, Requiem

“Don’t be afraid to stand tall in YOUR truth! Boldly and confidently face everything that has, and is, keeping you bound. Fight for your inner peace! Fight for your happiness! Fight for everything and everybody that’s important to you! You are NOT a victim! Don’t even play into that. You owe it to yourself to LIVE! Live your life without the regrets, without the resentments, without the unforgiveness, without the blame game, without the self-pity, without any and everything that keeps you from experiencing true joy within! You are too important to waste your life away! Learn to appreciate and value your life, but most importantly, learn to appreciate and value yourself! You count too, no matter what you’ve done!”
― Stephanie Lahart

“Dads. It’s time to tell our kids that we love them. Constantly. It’s time to show our kids that we love them. Constantly. It’s time to take joy in their twenty-thousand daily questions and their inability to do things as quickly as we’d like. It’s time to take joy in their quirks and their ticks. It’s time to take joy in their facial expressions and their mispronounced words. It’s time to take joy in everything that our kids are.”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“My scars tell a story. They are a reminder of times when life tried to break me, but failed. They are markings of where the structure of my character was welded.”
― Steve Maraboli

“If I could take a bite of the whole world
And feel it on my palate
I’d be more happy for a minute or so...
But I don’t always want to be happy.
Sometimes you have to be
Unhappy to be natural...

Not every day is sunny.
When there’s been no rain for a while, you pray for it to come.
So I take unhappiness with happiness
Naturally, like someone who doesn’t find it strange
That there are mountains and plains
And that there are cliffs and grass...

What you need is to be natural and calm
In happiness and in unhappiness,
To feel like someone seeing,
To think like someone walking,
And when it’s time to die, remember the day dies,
And the sunset is beautiful, and the endless night is beautiful...
That’s how it is and that’s how it should be...”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“If you really want to remove a cloud from your life, you do not make a big production of it, you just relax and remove it from your thinking. That's all there is to it.”
― Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah

“Pain may be the only reality but if mankind had any sense it would pursue the delusion called happiness. All the philosophers and poets who tell us that pain and suffering have a place and purpose in the cosmic order of things are welcome to them. They are frauds. We justify pain because we do not know what to make of it, nor do we have any choice but to bear it. Happiness alone can make us momentarily larger than ourselves.”
― Kiran Nagarkar

“Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have.”
― Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!

“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
― Amit Kalantri

“The more you try to please people, the more they get control of you and you'll end up hurting yourself.”
― Chanda Kaushik

“At any given moment, your circumstances can change. You may not be where you want to be right now. You may not even be doing what you prefer to do. But, if you change your way of thinking and realize that you have all the opportunities available to you just like each one of us. You can begin to focus on what you want to achieve and make it happen”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“But there was, she knew, something else. Happiness, she supposed. Whatever that might be. What, exactly, she wondered, was happiness. Very positively she wanted it.”
― Nella Larsen, Quicksand

“To sense the peace of extinguished passion
Happiness in not knowing the ultimate knowledge”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sign and Its Children

“Try not to be self-conscious […] or so critical. Don’t mope around looking for someone else to make you happy, and remember that the vast majority of homosexuals are looking for a superman to love and find it very difficult to love anyone merely human, which we unfortunately happen to be.”
― Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance

“Many people will tell that it is not for a man to cry, but they may not know how is to feel your head empty and only tears will come out to stand up for you.”
― John Zea

“Love is my inner strength and my power.”
― Debasish Mridha

“According to the philosopher Andre Comte-Sponville: The wise man has nothing left to expect or to hope for. Because he is entirely happy, he needs nothing. Because he needs nothing, he is entirely happy.”
― Matthieu Ricard

“For there to be harmony and peace, everything must be balanced. And for there to be balance, there must be equality. And where there is equality, there will be justice. And where justice is honored and preserved, there will always be truth. Eliminate the concept of division by class, skills, race, income, and nationality. We are all equals with a common pulse to survive. Every human requires food and water. Every human has a dream and desire to be happy. Every human responds to love, suffering and pain. Every human bleeds the same color and occupies the same world. Let us recognize that we are all part of each other. We are all human. We are all one.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Some people are like a thermometer. If their environment is negative, they are negative. If bad things happen, they are sad. If good things happen, they are happy. They are simply a product of their environment. Successful people, on the other hand, are more like a thermostat. Even if their environment is negative, they choose to be positive.”
― Cameron C. Taylor, 8 Attributes of Great Achievers

“In Zen, there is an old saying: The obstacle is the path. Know that a whole and happy life is not free of obstacles. Quite the contrary, a whole and happy life is riddled with obstacles-they simply become the very stepping-stones that help lift us to a new perspective. It is not what happens to us in this life that shapes us, it is how we choose to respond to what happens to us.”
― Dennis Merritt Jones, The Art of Being: 101 Ways to Practice Purpose in Your Life

“Jealous of the crazy gay kid. That doesn't sound right."
"Hey, Sol," she said, her tone getting serious for a second.
"Those are two things about you out of a million. Don't box yourself in.”
― John Corey Whaley, Highly Illogical Behavior

“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
― Amit Kalantri

“Best Way to Stay Happy is to be busy.”
― Dipika Agarwal

“We should learn to smile as we fall,
So much so as when we have it all.”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job

“True, sometimes it’s hard to tell the difference between authentic anger and bullshit and that’s why the following exercise is designed to help you express your resentments with integrity, and not with demoralizing bullshit”
― Will Jelbert, The Happiness Animal

“megan once told me that happiness is getting exactly what you want, but she thinks it's only what she wants that counts.”
― Louise O'Neill

“Thoughts are just thoughts, and they can’t hurt you. My thoughts land in my mind like a butterfly; they stay for a while, then flutter away. The butterfly isn’t me. I can step away from it, and watch it, learn from it, enjoy it, without needing to absorb it into my identity.”
― Julie Farrell

“كل إنسان يحاول أن يكون أسعد من الآخرين .. والصعوبة هي أننا نبالغ في تقدير سعادة الآخرين”
― أنيس منصور, قالوا

“There are few nicer things than sitting up in bed, drinking strong tea, and reading.”
― Alan Clark

“A sandwich and a cup of coffee, and then off to violin-land, where all is sweetness and delicacy and harmony.”
― Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes

“You know what Marshall needs to do. He needs to stop being sad. When I get sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead. True story.”
― Barney Stinson

“I'm not "happy" but I'm not unhappy about it.”
― Alan Bennett, The History Boys

“There had to be something wrong with my life. I should have been born a Yugoslavian shepherd who looked up at the Big Dipper every night.”
― Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World

“Every day, you get the opportunity to change your life. Change what you do not want. Change what makes you unhappy.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“Nonetheless, when it finally ended and the hairdressers left and Tess insisted upon pulling her to the mirror, Fire saw, and understood, that everyone had done the job well. The dress, deep shimmering purple and utterly simple in design, was so beautifully-cut and so clingy and well-fitting that Fire felt slightly naked. And her hair. She couldn’t follow what they’d done with her hair, braids thin as threads in some places, looped and wound through the thick sections that fell over her shoulders and down her back, but she saw that the end result was a controlled wildness that was magnificent against her face, her body, and the dress. She turned to measure the effect on her guard - all twenty of them, for all had roles to play in tonight’s proceedings, and all were awaiting her orders. Twenty jaws hung slack with astonishment - even Musa’s, Mila’s, and Neel’s. Fire touched their minds, and was pleased, and then angry, to find them open as the glass roofs in July.

‘Take hold of yourselves,’ she snapped. ‘It’s a disguise, remember? This isn’t going to work if the people meant to help me can’t keep their heads.’

‘It will work, Lady Granddaughter.’ Tess handed Fire two knives in ankle holsters. ‘You’ll get what you want from whomever you want. Tonight King Nash would give you the Winged River as a present, if you asked for it. Dells, child - Prince Brigan would give you his best warhorse.”
― Kristin Cashore, Fire

“It is anticipation and recollection that fill the heart—never the sensation of the moment.”
― Roger Zelazny, Threshold

“Today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness and every tomorrow a vision of hope. Look well therefore to this day.”
― Francis Gray

“To be happy, make others happy.”
― Stephen Richards

“I absolutely think that happiness is a choice. One of the most potent forces in human psychology is the power of habit. Do something, think something, often enough and it will become the only thing you can do or think. Choose to be unhappy and soon that’s all you will be. Live in a swamp and you’ll grow webbed feet.”
― Nicholas Evans

“The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness.”
― Eric Hoffer

“The more you take responsibility for your attitudes, the more you can adjust yourself in a forward thinking manner.”
― Deborah Day

“We just wanna be the happy bums that we are. That's all.”
― Mike Patton

“Sometimes you have to get sad before you get happy 'cause otherwise how would you know the difference?”
― Maureen Child, And Then Came You: Sam's Story

“It turns out that what money buys has rapidly diminishing emotional returns ... As long as we're not destitute, happiness depends less on getting what we want than appreciating what we already have.”
― Robert B. Reich

“Your purpose is your why.”
― Deborah Day

“In the West, for example, people believe they must 'pursue happiness' as if it were some kind of a flighty bird that is always out of reach. In the East, we believe we are born with happiness and one of life's important tasks, my mother told me, is to protect it.”
― Le Ly Hayslip, When Heaven and Earth Changed Places: A Vietnamese Woman's Journey from War to Peace

“Move on. Be well. Go for it!”
― Sally Stubbs, If Life Gives You Lemons: How 10-Seconds a Day Will Bring You Happiness

“I have wanted only one thing to make me happy. That thing is everything.”
― Sebastian Horsley

“Happiness springs up from within. Do not seek it without.”
― Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy

“The face of a truly happy man seldom lacks smiles.”
― Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy

“Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.”
― Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy

“Be a good human.”
― Tom Giaquinto, Be A Good Human

“Sadness is not the beginning or end of a process, but the lag between pleasure and happiness.”
― Isra

“No matter how much someone else loves you or you love other people,
if you don’t love yourself then it can never be enough.”
― Shannon Kaiser

“Living the dream.”
― Tom Giaquinto, Be A Good Human

“That sense of happiness just out beyond my reach - I'm not sure I'd grasped that exactly, but I'd got something close to it, contentment maybe, or at least a functioning routine with regular rewards.”
― Sebastian Faulks, Engleby

“Don't blame me. That's evolution. Evolution's always hard. Hard and bleak. No such thing as happy evolution.”
― Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World

“Love your life. That's a direct route to something people used to call "happiness".”
― Clementine Holzinger, EL32

“The greatest gift you can ever give another person is your own happiness”
― Esther Hicks

“Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.”
― Christopher Marlowe

“Sometimes happiness is not knowing the whole story.”
― François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness

“Happiness is a quality of the soul...not a function of one's material circumstances.”
― Aristotle

“The happy man needs nothing and no one. Not that he holds himself aloof, for indeed he is in harmony with everything and everyone; everything is "in him"; nothing can happen to him. The same may also be said for the contemplative person; he needs himself alone; he lacks nothing.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“There are some delightful places in this world which have a sensual charm for the eyes. One loves them with a physical love. We people who are attracted by the countryside cherish fond memories of certain springs, certain woods, certain ponds, certain hills, which have become familiar sights and can touch our hearts like happy events.
Sometimes indeed the memory goes back towards a forest glade, or a spot on a river bank or an orchard in blossom, glimpsed only once on a happy day, but preserved in our heart.”
― Guy de Maupassant, Selected Short Stories

“Then he thought himself unhappy, but happiness was all in the future; now he felt that the best happiness was already in the past.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“There were happy days, with watermelon, and sad days of whiskey.”
― Lewis Nordan

“I'm not in pursuit of happiness, I'm happiness in pursuit; ready to happen everywhere I go.”
― Bernard Kelvin Clive

“Many people think that happiness comes from having more power or more money.”
― François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness

“The happy life does not mean loving what we possess, but possessing what we love." Possession of the beloved, St. Thomas holds, takes place in an act of cognition, in seeing, in intuition, in contemplation.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“…I realized my happiness was artificial. I felt happy because I saw the others were happy and because I knew I should feel happy, but I wasn't really happy.”
― Roberto Bolaño, 2666

“You cannot be buried in obscurity: you are exposed upon a grand theater to the view of the world. If your actions are upright and benevolent, be assured they will augment your power and happiness.”
― Cyrus the Great

“The ultimate meaning of the active life is to make possible the happiness of contemplation.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“Радость. Долг каждого человека - взращивать свою внутреннюю радость. Но многие религии забыли это правило. Большинство храмов темны и холодны. Литургическая музыка помпезна и грустна. Священники одеваются в черное. Ритуалы прославляют пытки мучеников и соперничают в изображении жестокостей. Как если бы мучения, которые претерпели их пророки, были свидетельствами их истинности.
Не является ли радость жизни лучшим способом отблагодарить Бога за его существование, если он существует? А если Бог существует, почему он должен быть мрачным существом?”
― Bernard Werber, L'Empire des anges

“Intent not followed by action is an insult to your design. Decide what you want, create a plan, and get your ass out there!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“He had learned that, as there is no situation in the world in which a man can be happy and perfectly free, so there is no situation in which he can be perfectly unhappy and unfree.”
― Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“When you let go of past pain, believe in yourself, and follow your dreams—you can find true happiness!”
― Casi McLean

“No one can obtain felicity by pursuit. This explains why one of the elements of being happy is the feeling that a debt of gratitude is owed, a debt impossible to pay. Now, we do not owe gratitude to ourselves. To be conscious of gratitude is to acknowledge a gift.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“We remember though all the firelit glow
Of a great hearth's gleam and glare,
And we looked for a space at each happy face
And the love that was written there.”
― Caris Brooke

“I could hear the knock and whistle of the water pipes, the purr of the calico cat. And at that moment a happiness filled me that was pure and perfect and yet it was bled with despair - as if I had been handed a cup of ambrosial nectar to drink from and knew that once I finished drinking, the cup would be withdrawn forever, and nothing to come would ever taste as good.”
― David Leavitt, While England Sleeps

“I feel as though I should say something profound, or enact some rite, or trade something to make it official. I want to transfer some trinket which would allow me to say that she's my girl, some kind of currency that proves to people that she likes me back. Something that would permit me to think about her all the time without feeling guilty or helpless or hopelessly far away. I guess I'm just so excited, I want to cage this thing like a tiny red bird so if can't fly away, so it stays the same, so it's still there the next time. For keeps, like a coin in your pocket. Like a peach pit from Mad Jack Lionel's tree. Like scribbled words in a locked suitcase. A bright balloon to tie to your bedpost. And you want to hug it close, hold it, but not so tight it bursts.”
― Craig Silvey, Jasper Jones

“…Elizabeth, agitated and confused, rather knew that she was happy, than felt herself to be so…”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

“Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The end of the creation is that God may communicate happiness to the creature”
― John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life

“If you think happiness is a rare bird you won't see much of it.”
― Marty Rubin

“Não é verdade que a felicidade é aquilo que procuramos sem nunca sermos capazes de a reconhecer?”
― Marc Levy, Le premier jour

“Happiness is a decision and so as Love. If you decide to be happy then you're happy. If you decide to love then you love.”
― Ann Marie Aguilar

“Happiness is something that you cannot see. It is naturally felt. When you feel it, you wouldn't wanna let go of it. It makes you smile. It keeps you going. It gives you the energy that nothing and nobody can give. Ig pushes to do things that renders positive vibe inside.

Happiness is felt in the most unexpected time and place. It's a natural phenomenon.”
― Nio Noveno

“Можно лежать на мосту и смотреть, как течет вода. Или бегать, или побродить по болоту в красных сапожках, или же свернуться клубочком и слушать, как дождь стучит по крыше. Быть счастливой очень легко.”
― Tove Jansson, Moominvalley in November

“Let me implore the reader to try to believe, if only for a moment, that God, who made these deserving people, may really be right when He thinks that their modest prosperity and the happiness of their children are not enough to make them blessed: that all this must fall from them in the end, and if they have not learned to know Him they will be wretched. And therefore He troubles them, warning them in advance of an insufficiency that one day they will have to discover. The life to themselves and their families stands between them and the recognition of their need; He makes that life less sweet to them.

If God were proud He would hardly have us on such terms: but He is not proud, He stoops to conquer, He will have us even though we have shown that we prefer everything else to Him, and come to Him because there is 'nothing better' now to be had.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain

“So in our own poor hides and from our miserable comrades we learn the nature of satiety. Satiety depends not at all on how much we eat, but on how we eat. It's the same with happiness, the very same...happiness doesn't depend on how many external blessings we have snatched from life. It depends only on our attitude toward them. There's a saying about it in the Taoist ethic: 'Whoever is capable of contentment will always be satisfied.”
― Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle

“Original, in French: La bonne cuisine est la base du véritable bonheur.

English: Good food is the foundation of genuine happiness.”
― Auguste Escoffier

“When I was a boy, I naively thought that this thing called happiness would be something I would wake up to find every day once I could smoke, drink and fornicate.”
― Jeffrey Bernard, Reach for the Ground: The Downhill Struggle of Jeffrey Bernard

“Man is here for the sake of other men - above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.”
― Albert Einstein

“Do we take less pride in the possession of our home because its walls were built by some unknown carpenter, its tapestries woven by some unknown weaver on a far Oriental shore, in some antique time? No. We show our home to our friends with the pride as if it were our home, which it is. Why then should we take less pride when reading a book written by some long-dead author? Is it not our book just as much, or even more so, than theirs? So the landowner says, ‘Look at my beautiful home! Isn’t it fine?’ And not, ‘Look at the home so-and-so has built.’ Thus we shouldn’t cry, ‘Look what so-and-so has written. What a genius so-and-so is!’ But rather, ‘Look at what I have read! Am I not a genius? Have I not invented these pages? The walls of this universe, did I not build? The souls of these characters, did I not weave?”
― Roman Payne

“Only a fool can be happy. For happiness consists of two contradictory elements: contentment and pleasure. Enjoy pleasure and you have no contentment; be content and you have no pleasure. For this reason happiness is conceivable only for those who enjoy themselves without thinking that they will always want more and thus be discontented, or for those who are content without thinking that they have no pleasure. Whoever reflects can never be happy, unless he is a fanatic and thus blinded…thus exercising control over his intelligence with his feelings, instead of the other way round”
― Marcellus Emants, A Posthumous Confession

“Analyzing data from 79 men and women who wore inconspicuous devices that recorded some of their conversations over the course of four days, researchers from Washington University and the University of Arizona found a correlation between feelings of well-being and the amount of time spent talking every day. Moreover, the more substantive your conversations, the happier you're likely to be. In other words, heart-to-hearts trump small talk. (LA Times, "A lof of happy talk", March 11, 2010, A21.)”
― Meghan Daum

“No man is happy without a delusion of some kind. Delusions are as necessary to our happiness as realities..”
― Christian Nestell Bovee

“Being happy is a great science. If you are not happy, do not be confused. Happiness is hard to achieve.”
― Peter Deunov

“La felicidad es una bendición, pero generalmente es también una conquista.”
― Paulo Coelho

“Times of terror and the deepest misery may arrive, but if there is to be any happiness in this misery it can only be a spiritual happiness, related to the past in the rescue of the culture of early ages and to the future in a serene and indefatigable championship of the spirit in a time which would otherwise completely swallow up the material.”
― Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game

“My parents have been married forty-two years. I wonder how many of those were happy.”
― Michael Palin, Diaries 1969-1979: The Python Years

“He turned from the sight of human ignorance and human fate and the sea eating the ground we stand on, which, had he been able to contemplate it fixedly might have led to something; and found consolation in trifles so slight compared with the august theme just now before him that he was disposed to slur that comfort over, to deprecate it, as if to be caught happy in a world of misery was for an honest man the most despicable of crimes.”
― Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse

“..there is more to life than just pleasure. We want to achieve our happiness and not just experience it.”
― Eric Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World

“There is a preppy wabi-sabi to soft, faded khakis and cotton shirts, but it's not nice to be surrounded by things that are worn out or stained or used up.”
― Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun

“Our greatest happiness comes from the experience of love & compassion.”
― Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living

“People argue themselves out of their pleasures”
― Jude Morgan, Indiscretion

“We each sell alittle piece of happiness. You are elevating someone's spirit in some way, and to do that you have to understand the source of their angst and then you have to frame your product as a solution.”
― Sonia Marciano

“A sense of peace came over me and I must have been smiling as I fell asleep.”
― Harry Bernstein, The Invisible Wall: A Love Story That Broke Barriers

“Health, wealth, happiness,
live long and always prosper,
have families and also friends,
let them be lasting in me forever.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“I am happy and content because I think I am.”
― Alain-René Lesage

“…feeling as if all the happiness and support of their lives was about to be taken from them.”
― Louisa May Alcott, Little Women

“The golden rule of business is supply and demand. I venture to say that this is also the rule of happiness. When a balance is achieved between our desires and another's willingness to satisfy them, the result is a sympathetic, mutually rewarding relationship. (...) a thriving economy of love.' - character Mike Lambeth”
― Caroline Adderson, Sitting Practice

“It is not the rich man you should properly call happy,
but him who knows how to use with wisdom the blessings of the gods,
to endure hard poverty, and who fears dishonor worse than death,
and is not afraid to die for cherished friends or fatherland.”
― Horace

“Find happiness where you can," she said softly. "It's not just the great big whammo things. Look for the beauty of life in the small things, and you'll be the happiest person alive.”
― Jackie Sigmund, The Right Words at the Right Time Volume 2: Your Turn!

“Each to their own reality”
― T. Donaldson

“May I nurture the serenity to accept the things I cannot change the courage to change the things I can change and wisdom to know the difference”
― Frank Ra, A Course in Happiness: An Authentic Happiness Formula for Well-Being, Meaning and Flourishing

“The glitter of the great world, you know, is only so much froth and spume: you may look in vain for happiness there.”
― Jude Morgan, Indiscretion

“Don't look to a husband or a child or a friend or your family to make you happy. It is not within their capacity to do so.”
― Barbara Barrington Jones, The Incredible Gifts of Women: 12 Gifts That Will Change Your Life Now

“Let's soar on the wings of liberty and trace the perfect angle to tackle the vagaries of life. What can happiness be else than covering freedom, creating harmony, and finding peace with oneself? ('"Poste Restante")”
― Erik Pevernagie

“Expectation has brought me disappointment. Disappointment has brought me wisdom. Acceptance, gratitude and appreciation have brought me joy and fulfilment.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“When I count my blessings, I find you in every one.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons

“It might be true that it is “quality time” that counts, but after a certain point quantity has a bearing on quality.”
― Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience

“Most sane human beings’ chances of being alive in a thousand years’ time are a hundred times higher than their chances of being sincerely happy for at least ten consecutive days.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Happiness is the change that comes over me
when I describe the world
It comes over the world
Happiness is the change that comes over me
when I'm afraid
It comes over the world
For instance I can be afraid of and for the world
afraid because the world consists among other things
of me so swiftly dying”
― Inger Christensen, it

“I felt I could turn the earth upside down with my littlest finger. I wanted to dance, to fly in the air and kiss the sun and stars with my singing heart. I, alone with myself, was enjoying myself for the first time as with grandest company.”
― Anzia Yezierska, Bread Givers

“...the Puritans compressed whatever mirth and public joy they deemed allowable to human infirmity; thereby so far dispelling the customary cloud, that, for the space of a single holiday, they appeared scarcely more grave than most other communities at a period of general affliction.”
― Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter

“Holiness leads to wholeness and wholeness leads to happiness.”
― Leslie Vernick, Lord, I Just Want to Be Happy

“Life always gives us another change: It's called "To Move On".”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job

“It's always something here - if there isn't a riot, then someone's usually trying to escape. The wasted effort helps me see the positives of imprisonment. Unlike those pulling their hair out in good society, here we don't have to feel ashamed of our day-to-day unhappiness. Here we have someone visible to blame - someone wearing shiny boots. That's why, on consideration, freedom leaves me cold. Because out there in the real world, freedom means you have to admit authorship, even when your story turns out to be a real stinker.”
― Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole

“Your words, thoughts, intentions and actions today are your best hope, comfort, building blocks and insurance for tomorrow. But it is now alone that is guaranteed – tomorrow is a dream, a maybe a potential gift. It’s now - not tomorrow - where happiness and fulfilment live...awaiting your discovery. It’s all this that will make each extra day that may arrive extra special and rich.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“Where else," I will say, "does an old turtle crossing the path Make all the difference in the world?”
― Patricia MacLachlan, All the Places to Love

“Kurzes Glück kann jeder.”
― Kurt Tucholsky, Schloß Gripsholm / Rheinsberg

“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”
― Roy Bennett

“Money is time. With money I buy for cheerful use the hours which otherwise would not in any sense be mine; nay, which would make me their miserable bondsman.”
― George Gissing

“Gross National Happiness is more important than Gross Domestic Product. attr to Buthan's King Jigme Singye Wangchuck”
― John Robbins, Healthy at 100: The Scientifically Proven Secrets of the World's Healthiest and Longest-Lived Peoples

“I have dedicated my life to fight against the heinous rottenness of modern capitalism because it robs the laborer of this world's goods. But blow for blow I shall strike against Communism, because it robs us of the next world's happiness.”
― Charles E. Coughlin

“There are people who have no talent for happiness and who know this with painful, implacable clarity. Such people don’t seek happiness, merely to bring some sort of form and style to their unhappiness.”
― Hjalmar Söderberg, Doctor Glas

“To lovers there.

Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“It has been observed in all ages that the advantages of nature or of fortune have contributed very little to the promotion of happiness; and that those whom the splendour of their rank, or the extent of their capacity, have placed upon the summits of human life, have not often given any just occasion to envy in those who look up to them from a lower station; whether it be that apparent superiority incites great designs, and great designs are naturally liable to fatal miscarriages; or that the general lot of mankind is misery, and the misfortunes of those whose eminence drew upon them an universal attention, have been more carefully recorded, because they were more generally observed, and have in reality only been more conspicuous than others, not more frequent, or more severe.”
― Samuel Johnson, Life of Richard Savage

“She doesn't need your money. Even a penniless fool like you can make her fall in love with you. That's just miracle.”
― Vann Chow, Shanghai Nobody

“Oh, God, if I'm anything by a clinical name, I'm a kind of paranoiac in reverse. I think people are plotting to make me happy.”
― J.D. Salinger, Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters & Seymour: An Introduction

“I believe our clever young man has intuited that while only the pursuit of happiness is promised to all Americans, unhappiness is guaranteed for many.”
― Viet Thanh Nguyen

“I laugh as an unfamiliar feeling envelops me. I think it might be happiness.”
― Paula Stokes, Ferocious

“We love with all our heart, in every way that we can love but the heart is not burdened. We learn to keep it light and pliable. It has space. It breathes. It waits on Life to give instructions. It sings with sweetness when the winds are soft and warm. It stands with calm patience when the storm is brewing. It lets go when death and seeming endings have left their irrefutable mark. It moves. It heals. It hopes. It allows Life to be lived in the safe, fertile, and still inner space where it grows stronger and more compelling every day.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“yeah, sure, the sun will age my skin, and all these giggles and smiles with you will, over time, will crack up my face and give me wrinkles...sunshine, giggles, smiles, you? that's happiness, baby i'm living!”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Simplique Impressionist Photography and Insights

“There is a moral imperative to seeing mental health through the same lens we use for other pathologies or illnesses. Being sad or overwhelmed is normal, much as being short of breath after a run is normal. Both become abnormal when they happen with no apparent cause and are hard to stop. Those situations need medical attention.”
― Matthew Goldfinger

“Manners and politeness will never become old-fashioned.”
― Auliq Ice

“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
― Dee Dee Artner

“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
― Dee Dee Artner

“How is it that from beauty I have derived a type of unloveliness?—from the covenant of peace a simile of sorrow? But as, in ethics, evil is a consequence of good, so, in fact, out of joy is sorrow born.”
― Edgar Allan Poe, Berenice

“Joy weathers any storm: Happiness rides the waves.”
― Todd Stocker

“Huge difference between being happy at will, and chasing euphoric moments as an escape. One doesn't cost a dime, the other will tax your soul.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“If you walk in joy, happiness is close behind.”
― Todd Stocker

“WE can learn to rejoice in even the smallest blessings our life holds. It is easy to miss our own good fortune; often happiness comes in ways we don’t even notice.”
― Pema Chödrön, The Pocket Pema Chodron

“There is nothing more powerful than truth. It is undeniable and should always be appreciated. The truth gives you unlimited freedom to be who you are and express how you feel. The truth offers you peace of mind which is something we all love.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“To fall in love for any reason does cause fires of emotion. When we are in love, we ride on a positive energy as compared to not being in love. When we are love, we transcend conditional love to that of unconditional and we are now flowering in consciousness. Love is a very important element of consciousness as it becomes purer with Source union even as our consciousness is expanded further. Consciousness is love that is light.”
― Nandhi Tapasyogi, Mastery of Consciousness: Awaken the Inner Prophet: Liberate Yourself with Yogic Wisdom.

“We will be able to depart this life with the quiet peace-giving notion, that we were permitted to contribute to the happiness of many who will live after us. In our long lives we endeavored to unfold the collective consciousness. In our lives we have known hell and heaven; the final balance, however, is that we helped pave the way to dynamic harmony in this earthly house. That, I believe, is the meaning of life.”
― R.W. van Bemmelen

“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future.”
― Roy Bennett

“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
― Amit Kalantri

“Your happiness and suffering depend on your actions and not on my wishes for you.”
― Jack Kornfield, The Art of Forgiveness, Lovingkindness, and Peace

“Happy people are those who use a lower threshold in order to label an event positive.”
― David Niven

“One thing I've learned: we don't stumble accidentally into an amazing life. It takes decision, a commitment to consistently work on ourselves.”
― Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth

“He should be happy because he can think about the unhappiness of others!
He’s stupid if he doesn’t know other people’s unhappiness is theirs,
And isn’t cured from the outside,
Because suffering isn’t like running out of ink,
Or a trunk not having iron bands!

There being injustice is like there being death.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“By making yourself a life-long leaner you’ll keep discovering new and exciting things about yourself and others.”
― Rachel Robins, How To Feel Good About Yourself - Boost Your Confidence & Tackle Low Self Esteem. Packed with Self Improvement Techniques, Positive Thinking Tips & Inspirational Quotes

“(...) La felicidad es tener un corazón capaz de amar. Es saber que has sido importante para alguien... Que de algún modo, en algún momento, has marcado la diferencia. Y la muerte no es nada en comparación con esos momentos.”
― José Antonio Cotrina, La sombra de la luna

“The more people I meet the happier I become.”
― Samuel Beckett, Waiting for Godot

“To be happy a woman had to think hard, during long silent hours, about how to make each small step forward.”
― Fatima Mernissi, Rêves-femmes-Une-enfance-harem

“We advocate the atheistic philosophy because it is the only clear, consistent position which seems possible to us. As atheists, we simply deny the assumptions of theism; we declare that the God idea, in all its features, is unreasonable and unprovable; we add, more vitally, that the God idea is an interference with the interests of human happiness and progress. We oppose religion not merely as a set of theological ideas; but we must also oppose religion as a political, social and moral influence detrimental to the welfare of humanity.”
― E. Haldeman-Julius, The meaning of atheism

“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
― Amit Kalantri

“Happiness is wanting what you have.”
― Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Achingly Alice

“I like the disaster of the night sky, stars spilling this way and that as if they were upturned from a glass. I like the way good madness feels. I like the way laughter always spills. That's the word for it. It never just comes, it spills. I like the word 'again'. Again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again. I like the quiet sound a coffee cup makes when it's set down on a wooden table. So hushed. So inviting. Like morning light yawning through the window and stretching out onto the kitchen floor. I like the way girls' lips look like they're stained with berries. I like the way morning light breaks like a prism through the empty wine bottles on our dusty apartment floor. Glasses empty except for the midnight hour. I like the way blueberries stain my fingers during the summer. I like the way light hits your eyes and turns it into a color that doesn't exist anywhere else other than in this moment. I want it all. I want the breeze to call my name as it rushes down my street, looking for me. I want to feel grass underneath my bare feet and I want to feel the sun kiss freckles onto my cheeks. I want to hear you yell hello as you make your way towards me, not goodbye as you have to go.

That's just a little bit about me.”
― Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts

“I am happy that I can aid those admirable men, both living and dead, who by their pens or their tongues have aided the great cause of human liberty and universal happiness.”
― James Watson

“Other people are, as a rule, so immaterial to us that, when we have entrusted to any one of them the power to cause so much suffering or happiness to ourselves, that person seems at once to belong to a different universe, is surrounded with poetry, makes of our lives a vast expanse, quick with sensation, on which that person and ourselves are ever more or less in contact.”
― Marcel Proust, Swann's Way

“They all want to be happy. They all think they should be happy. And they’re quick to trot out their most cherished document and point to where they were promised “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.” But you’ll find that though they all parrot that little phrase, they think none too hard about that word “pursuit”. To follow, to chase, to inquire, to hunt, to seek. To track in order to overtake and capture. This they don’t do. Instead, having been offered a promise of happiness, they progress to a feeling of entitlement for happiness, then make the leap that happiness should, therefore, be easily won, automatic. There’s too much wrong in there to even scratch at that!”
― Geoffrey Wood

“Some fake happiness, some fake sadness and some fake an orgasm.”
― Dominic Riccitello

“Success, like happiness, is a by-product, not a goal.”
― Roy Bennett

“A truly happy woman drives some men and almost every other woman absolutely crazy”
― John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany

“Make a pledge to yourself right now, to declare that you are worth your time and energy.”
― Deborah Day

“I am the happiest man alive. I have that in me that can convert poverty to riches, adversity to prosperity, and I am more invulnerable than Archilles; Fortune hath not one place to hit me.”
― Thomas Browne

“The most important reason for your “no” is that you need your downtime so you won’t behave like a jerk because you’re depleted. And you don’t want to battle an appetite spiked by the stress of overcommitment. But that’s your secret; others don’t need that information. So just smile, say no, thank you, and keep moving.”
― Holly Mosier

“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.”
― Prem Rawat

“Dads. Do your faces light up when you first see your child in the morning or when you come home from work? Do you not understand that a child’s entire sense of value can revolve around what they see in your face when you first see them?”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“The cake had a trick candle that wouldn't go out, so I didn't get my wish. Which was just that it would always be like this, that my life could be a party just for me.”
― Janet Fitch, White Oleander

“Riches can all be lost, but that happiness in your own heart can only be veiled, and it will bring you happiness again, as long as you live.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“Without enthusiasm then what we have surrounded ourselves with becomes worthless.”
― Stephen Richards

“I think it doesn’t matter if you or I or anybody else thinks homosexuality is a sin. It doesn’t matter if you or I think anything is a sin. It doesn’t matter if homosexuality is a sin or not. In fact, it doesn’t matter if anything anybody else does is a sin or not.

Because sin is a very personal thing! It always has been and it always will be!

And it has nothing to do with love.”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“Do you not realize that your kids are going to make mistakes, and a lot of them? Do you not realize the damage you do when you push your son’s nose into his mishaps or make your daughter feel worthless because she bumped or spilled something? Do you have any idea how easy it is to make your child feel abject? It’s as simple as letting out the words, “why would you do that!?” or “how many times have I told you…”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with yourself. It is in this relationship that you set the standard for all others.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“You don't have to be like anyone else. You just need to learn more about your own creative self and start blooming.”
― Deborah Day

“If you can have everything at fifty that you wanted when you were fifteen, you're happy.”
― Alfred Bester, The Stars My Destination

“[Happiness] comes when we choose to be who we are, to be ourselves, at this present moment in our lives.”
― Jean Vanier, Finding Peace

“I swore that I would not suffer from the world's grief and the world's stupidity and cruelty and injustice and I made my heart as hard in endurance as the nether millstone and my mind as a polished surface of steel. I no longer suffered, but enjoyment had passed away from me.”
― Sri Aurobindo

“If you are doing things in order to be happy...
you're doing them in the wrong order.”
― Michael Neill

“There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.”
― Maria Mitchell

“We had some good times at school. I didn't know how good those times was till I left, but I guess that's the way of it”
― Ron Rash, Serena

“-Please, Anita, go home, and don’t freak. Just go home, and be happy. Be happy, and let everyone around you be happy. Is that so hard?
When Jason said it like that, it didn’t seem hard. In fact, it seemed to make a lot of sense, but inside, it felt hard. Inside it felt like the hardest thing in the world. To just let go, and not pick everything to death. To just let go and enjoy what you had. To just let go and not make everybody around you miserable with your own internal dialogue. To just let go and be happy. So simple. So difficult. So terrifying.”
― Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams

“Pick a sunset, and we'll ride off into it together.”
― Timothy M. Brenner

“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.

[Eddie Scissons]”
― W.P. Kinsella, Shoeless Joe

“Be like the flower, content with its nature.”
― Seth D.

“Your beliefs have the power to unlock your inner genius or keep you from fully achieving your greatest potential.”
― Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!

“You are the moon that breaks the night . You are the fear that I hate to fight. Times are wrong in all that is done. My treasure is love that I give to only one. Cherrish the treasures given to your heart and never let anything hurt from the start. You chose your path so accept and believe, that peace love and light are needed to breathe.”
― Peace Gypsy

“Give up smoking cold turkey. Start a diet in the next 5 min. Accept that job right away. Life can be beautiful without planning!”
― Rossana Condoleo

“Life isn't about counting what you've earned or what you've done for others. I think life is in those in-between moments when you do something, and you feel really, truly happy just by doing it.”
― Snigdha Rai

“On the top of Cadair Idris,
I felt how happy a man might be
with a little money and a sane intellect,
and reflected with astonishment and pity
on the madness of the multitude.”
― Thomas Love Peacock

“This planet is a "Hell" and there is no "Heaven" up there. So, learn to be "Happy in Hell".”
― Sandeep Mehra

“Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness.”
― T.H. White, Alfred Hitchcock Presents: Stories That Scared Even Me

“The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.”
― Plato

“The basic mistake people make is to think that happiness is the goal!”
― François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness

“Of the gladdest moments in human life, methinks, is the departure upon a distant journey into unknown lands. Shaking off with one mighty effort the fetters of Habit, the leaden weight of Routine, the cloak of many Cares and the slavery of Civilization, man feels once more happy.”
― Richard Francis Burton

“When our emotional health is in a bad state, so is our level of self-esteem. We have to slow down and deal with what is troubling us, so that we can enjoy the simple joy of being happy and at peace with ourselves.”
― Jess C. Scott, Clear: A Guide to Treating Acne Naturally

“Many people see happiness only in their future.”
― François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness

“Percy wakes me (fourteen)

Percy wakes me and I am not ready.
He has slept all night under the covers.
Now he’s eager for action: a walk, then breakfast.
So I hasten up. He is sitting on the kitchen counter
Where he is not supposed to be.
How wonderful you are, I say. How clever, if you
Needed me,
To wake me.
He thought he would a lecture and deeply
His eyes begin to shine.
He tumbles onto the couch for more compliments.
He squirms and squeals: he has done something
That he needed
And now he hears that it is okay.
I scratch his ears. I turn him over
And touch him everywhere. He is
Wild with the okayness of it. Then we walk, then
He has breakfast, and he is happy.
This is a poem about Percy.
This is a poem about more than Percy.
Think about it.”
― Mary Oliver, Swan: Poems and Prose Poems

“What I'm feeling, I think, is joy. And it's been some time since I've felt that blinkered rush of happiness, This might be one of those rare events that lasts, one that'll be remembered and recalled as months and years wind and ravel. One of those sweet, significant moments that leaves a footprint in your mind. A photograph couldn't ever tell its story. It's like something you have to live to understand. One of those freak collisions of fizzing meteors and looming celestial bodies and floating debris and one single beautiful red ball that bursts into your life and through your body like an enormous firework. Where things shift into focus for a moment, and everything makes sense. And it becomes one of those things inside you, a pearl among sludge, one of those big exaggerated memories you can invoke at any moment to peel away a little layer of how you felt, like a lick of ice cream. The flavor of grace.”
― Craig Silvey, Jasper Jones

“Once more I realized to what an extent earthly happiness is made to the measure of man. It is not a rare bird which we must pursue at one moment in heaven, at the next in our minds. Happiness is a domestic bird found in our own courtyards.”
― Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco

“If it is possible to die of grief then why on earth can't someone be healed by happiness?”
― Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith

“There is one kind of laugh that I always did recommend; it looks out of the eye first with a merry twinkle, then it creeps down on its hands and knees and plays around the mouth like a pretty moth around the blaze of a candle, then it steals over into the dimples of the cheeks and rides around in those whirlpools for a while, then it lights up the whole face like the mellow bloom on a damask rose, then it swims up on the air, with a peal as clear and as happy as a dinner-bell, then it goes back again on gold tiptoes like an angel out for an airing, and it lies down on its little bed of violets in the heart where it came from.”
― Josh Billings

“What did it matter if he existed for two or for twenty years? Happiness was the fact that he had existed.”
― Albert Camus, A Happy Death

“…she had nothing to do but to forgive herself and be happier than ever…”
― Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey

“How does one craft happiness out of something as important, as complicated, as unrepeatable and as easily damaged as life?”
― Sonya Hartnett, The Ghost's Child

“Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“There is no greater misery than false joys.”
― Bernard of Clairvaux

“Our country in general assumes that "the pursuit of happiness" really means "the pursuit of pleasure" and that therefore pleasure is the greatest good.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet

“I am happy.

I have something to accomplish, create, and achieve.

I am happy.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“Jean was visited by one of her rare moments of happiness, one of those moments when the goodness of God was so real to her that it was like taste and scent; the rough strong taste of honey in the comb and the scent of water. Her thoughts of God had a homeliness that at times seemed shocking, in spite of their power, which could rescue her from terror or evil with an ease that astonished her.”
― Elizabeth Goudge, The Scent of Water

“Through my choices and actions, I have learned the most effective way of speaking to God is without saying a word.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“[...]eu nunca tive porra de ideal nenhum, eu só queria era salvar a minha, veja só que coisa mais individualista elitista capitalista, eu só queria era ser feliz, cara, gorda, burra, alienada e completamente feliz.”
― Caio Fernando Abreu

“While amidst the crowd and seeking quieteness in another zone you can still get away from them by homing in on matters within.”
― Stephen Richards

“The world is so full of a number of things, I am sure we should all be as happy as kings. The world is full of happiness, and plenty to go round, if you are only willing to take the kind that comes your way.”
― Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs

“But there was happiness elsewhere which no description can reach.”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“The key to happiness? Find someone who would rather you be happy than themselves and then you treat them the same way. That way, no matter what, you are both trying to insure the OTHER person's happiness and in turn, yours is undeniable.”
― Sharon Swan

“I believe that if one man were to live out his life fully and completely, were to give form to every feeling, expression to every thought, reality to every dream - I believe that the world would gain such a fresh impulse of joy that we would forget all the maladies of medievalism, and return to the Hellenic ideal - to something finer, richer, than the Hellenic ideal, it may be. But the bravest man amongst us is afraid of himself. The mutilation of the savage has its tragic survival in the self-denial that mars our lives. We are punished for our refusals.”
― Oscar Wilde

“I hate you. I wish you was dead."

Mrs. Carey gasped. He said the words so savagely that it gave her quite a start. She had nothing to say. She sat down in her husband's chair; and as she thought of her desire to love the friendless, crippled boy and her eager wish that he should love her--she was a barren woman and, even though it was clearly God's will that she should be childless, she could scarcely bear to look at little children sometimes, her heart ached so--the tears rose to her eyes and one by one, slowly, rolled down her cheeks. Philip watched her in amazement. She took out her handkerchief, and now she cried without restraint. Suddenly Philip realised that she was crying because of what he had said, and he was sorry. He went up to her silently and kissed her. It was the first kiss he had ever given her
without being asked. And the poor lady, so small in her black satin, shrivelled up and sallow, with her funny corkscrew curls, took the little boy on her lap and put her arms around him and wept as though her heart would break. But her tears were partly tears of happiness, for she felt that the strangeness between them was gone. She loved him now with a new love because he had made her suffer.”
― W. Somerset Maugham

“If all our happiness is bound up entirely in our personal circumstances it is difficult not to demand of life more than it has to give.”
― Bertrand Russell

“I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.”
― Teresa R. Funke, Dancing in Combat Boots

“When you are in a room with Kurtis, whether its one or a hundred he is the only person that matters.”
― Dee Remy, There Once Was A Boy

“Many people are so poor that the only thing they have is money. Cultivate your spiritual growth.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“... but happiness is to joy as an electric light bulb is to the sun. Happiness always has an object, you're happy because of something, it's a condition whose existence depends on external things. Joy, on the other hand, has no object. It seizes you for no apparent reason, it's like the sun, its burning is fueled by its own heart.”
― Susanna Tamaro, Follow Your Heart

“#1487: Hug a cow.”
― H. Jackson Brown Jr., The Complete Life's Little Instruction Book

“And wasn't it this bright boy you selected for beating and tortures after hours? Of course it was. We must all be alike. Not everyone born free and equal, as the Constitution says, but everyone made equal. Each man the image of every other; then all are happy, for their are no mountains to make them cower, to judge themselves against. So! A book is a loaded gun in the house next door. Burn it. Take the shot from the weapon. Breach man's mind. Who knows who might be the target of the well-read man? Me? I won't stomach them for a minute. And so when houses were finally fireproofed completely, all over the world (you were correct in your assumption the other night) there was no longer need of firemen for the old purposes. They were given the new job, as custodians of our peace of mind, the focus of our understandable and rightful dread of being inferior: official censors, judges and executors. That's you, Montag, and that's me.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Our ancestors derived less from life than we do, but they also expected much less and were less intent on controlling the future. We are of the arrogant generations who believe a lasting happiness was promised to us at birth. Promised? By whom?”
― Amin Maalouf, Orígenes

“Live near to God, and so all things will appear to you little In comparison to eternal realities.--”
― Robert Murray McCheyne

“I did not believe that a Cause which stood for a beautiful ideal, for anarchism, for release and freedom from convention and prejudice, should demand the denial of life and joy. I insisted that our Cause could not expect me to become a nun and that the movement would not be turned into a cloister. If it meant that, I did not want it.”
― Emma Goldman, Living My Life

“O seasons, O castles,
What soul is without flaws?
All its lore is known to me,
Felicity, it enchants us all.”
― Arthur Rimbaud, Season in Hell Other Poems

“Peace and happiness are powerful weapons against the Egos.”
― Belsebuub

“Das Glück ist das einzige, das sich verdoppelt, wenn man es teilt.”
― Albert Schweitzer

“Nothing succeeds like indifference to success.”
― Marty Rubin

“The important thing for you to remember, Montag, is we're the Happiness Boys, the Dixie Duo, you and I and the others. We stand against the small tide of those who want to make everyone unhappy with conflicting theory and thought. We have our fingers in the dike. Hold steady. Don't let the torrent of melancholy and drear philosophy drown our world. We depend on you. I don't think you realize how important you are, we are, to our happy world as it stands now.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“The truest of all truths is this: You are a child of God. Out of more than six billion people on earth now, He knows your name, what you fear and what you revere. He cares about the things you care about. He wants your happiness and success, and will reach to the farthest corner of the universe to see that you obtain your noblest dreams.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Happiness and joy are not the same. For what does the fervent craving for joy mean? It does not mean that we wish at any cost to experience the psychic state of being joyful. We want to have reason for joy, for an unceasing joy that fills us utterly, sweeps all before it, exceeds all measure.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“Earthly contemplation means to the Christian, we have said, this above all: that behind all that we directly encounter the Face of the incarnate Logos becomes visible... Contemplation does not ignore the "historical Gethsemane," does not ignore the mystery of evil, guilt and its bloody atonement. The happiness of contemplation is a true happiness, indeed the supreme happiness; but it is founded upon sorrow.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“it was dawning on me how uphill a poet's path was, and I confessed to her that if I had to be the choice between being happy or being a poet, I'd choose to be happy.”
― Mary Karr

“Enjoy the rainbow while it lasts and don't chase it when it's gone.”
― Marty Rubin

“You know, a few months ago, I made a terrible mistake. I realized something, and instead of crushing the thought the moment it came I... I let it hang on, and now I know it to be true. And I'm afraid it's stuck in my head forever. These are the best days of our lives. It's a terrible thing to know, but I know it.”
― Richard Curtis

“No other thing or no other person is going to make me happy in life, I just have to do that myself.”
― Greg Page

“Once we got to eating, the idea of happiness returned to me. Not the feeling, the idea. Would a regular girl be happy simply eating a hot meal with a great deal of chew to it? Maybe happiness is a simple thing. Maybe it's as simple as the salty taste of pork, and the vast deal of chewing in it, and how, when the chew is gone, you can still scrape at the bone with your bottom teeth and suck at the marrow.”
― Franny Billingsley, Chime

“Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Julia was as happy as Betsy was, almost. One nice thing about Julia was that she rejoiced in other people's luck.”
― Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown

“Happiness is essentially a gift; we are not the forgers of our own felicity.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“Happiness is so nonsynonymous with joy or pleasure that it is not infrequently sought and felt in grief and deprivation.”
― Wilhelm Von Humboldt, Humanist Without Portfolio: An Anthology of the writings of Wilhelm von Humboldt

“Learn to cherish the chase as much as you treasure the trophy.”
― Joe Caruso, The Power of Losing Control

“Happiness: the feeling of being alive.”
― Marty Rubin

“عندما تأتي الأيام السوداء التي لا تخلف موعدها أبدًا ، لنتذكر بأن السعادة ليست اختراعًا اختلقه الساذجون ، ليخدعوا به أنفسهم”
― Álvaro Mutis, Abdul Bashur, soñador de navíos

“...with a rush of feeling he felt that this must be happiness. As soon as the thought came to him, he fought it back, blaming the whiskey. The very idea was as dangerous as presumptive speech: happiness could not be sought or worried into being, or even fully grasped; it should be allowed its own slow pace so that it passes unnoticed, if it ever comes at all.”
― John McGahern, That They May Face The Rising Sun

“...[A] certain degree of un-understanding (not mis-, but un-) is the only possible sanctuary which one human being can offer to another in the midst of the devastating intimacy of a happy marriage.”
― Jan Struther, Mrs. Miniver

“As we drove off into the moonless night, raindrops danced through our headlights like the fireflies of my childhood. I silently cursed the frailty of happiness and doubted whether it ever existed for me. I could remember happier times, though, and those memories fluttered about my mind like fireflies, beckoning with their elusive splendor. But chasing memories held no more promise than catching fireflies. The pursued feelings either vanished or lost their magic upon examination, hardly the green-glowing beauty seen at a distance. So I looked ahead of me and dreamed on into the darkness, hoping to one day find someone who would love me.”
― Scott Gaille, The Unmerciful Lawyer

“Listen, Harriet. I do unterstand. I know you don't want either to give or to take ... You don't want ever again to have to depend for happiness on another person."

"That's true. That's the truest thing you ever said."

"All right. I can respect that. Only you've got to play the game. Don't force an emotional situation and then blame me for it."

"But I don't want any situation. I want to be left in peace.”
― Dorothy L. Sayers, Have His Carcase

“Heureux sont ceux qui peuvent aimer et haïr sans feinte, sans détour, sans nuance.”
― Irène Némirovsky, Suite Française

“Wherein lies happiness? In that which becks
Our ready minds to fellowship divine,
A fellowship with essence; till we shine,
Full alchemiz’d, and free of space. Behold
The clear religion of heaven!”
― John Keats

“Men who give up the common goal of all things that exist, thereby cease to exist themselves. Some may perhaps think it strange that we say that wicked men, who form the majority of men, do not exist; but that is how it is. I am not trying to deny the wickedness of the wicked; what I do deny is that their existence is absolute and complete existence. Just as you might call a corpse a dead man, but couldn't simply call it a man, so I would agree that the wicked are wicked, but could not agree that they have unqualified existence.”
― Anicius Manlius Severinus Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy

“في الفرح عدوى ، تمامًا كالحماسة والحب ، أو الحزن أو الاكتئاب أو الكراهية”
― Paulo Coelho, The Witch of Portobello

“There is no such thing as escape after all, only an exchange of one set of difficulties for another. It wasn't Mark or the farm or marriage I was trying to shake loose from but my own imperfect self, and even if I kept moving, she would dog me all the way around the world, forever.”
― Kristin Kimball, The Dirty Life: On Farming, Food, and Love

“I should have seen his weaknesses and only given him a section of myself but I loved him to my core, no matter who he was. There were no hidden places in my heart that would not welcome him or any sacred ground inside my being that he could not walk upon.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“Happiness is like time and space--we make and measure it ourselves; it is a fancy--as big, as little, as you please; just a thing of contrasts and comparisons, like health or strength or beauty or any other good--that wouldn't even be noticed but for sad personal experience of its opposite!--or its greater!”
― George Du Maurier

“Settle, for sure and universally, what conduct will promote the happiness of a rational being.”
― Immanuel Kant

“At some point in the night she had a dream. Or it was possible that she was partially awake, and was only remembering a dream? She was alone among the rocks on a dark coast beside the sea. The water surged upward and fell back languidly, and in the distance she heard surf breaking slowly on a sandy shore. It was comforting to be this close to the surface of the ocean and gaze at the intimate nocturnal details of its swelling and ebbing. And as she listened to the faraway breakers rolling up onto the beach, she became aware of another sound entwined with the intermittent crash of waves: a vast horizontal whisper across the bossom of the sea, carrying an ever-repeated phrase, regular as a lighthouse flashing: Dawn will be breaking soon. She listened a long time: again and again the scarcely audible words were whispered across the moving water. A great weight was being lifted slowly from her; little by little her happiness became more complete, and she awoke. Then she lay for a few minutes marveling the dream, and once again fell asleep.”
― Paul Bowles, Up Above the World

“Fate would never permit happiness to a man of such talent-
a content poet is a mediocre one, a happy poet is insufferable.”
― Rabih Alameddine, (The Hakawati)

“لم يربط الناس دائمًا الواقع بالحزن وكأن من المفروض أن يكون الجميع تعساء”
― Jodee Blanco, Please Stop Laughing at Me... One Woman's Inspirational Story

“It must be nice to be so strong and to think it's because you're so good, that you live right and eat right, so you deserve your health and happiness. But there is such a thing as luck, and there's more bad luck than good in this world.”
― Laura Lippman, Baltimore Blues

“If you investigate the matter deeply enough and widely enough, you will find that happiness eludes nearly all men despite the fact that they are forever seeking it. The fortunate and successful few are those who have stopped seeking with the ego alone and allow the search to be directed inwardly by the higher self. They alone can find a happiness unblemished by defects or deficiencies, a Supreme Good which is not a further source of pain and sorrow but an endless source of satisfaction and peace.”
― Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton

“Nijedna tuđa sreća nije bez pomalo sreće i za nas druge. Zato je jedna velika mudrost od tuđe sreće praviti sreću i za sebe.”
― Jovan Dučić

“It required all his delicate Epicurean education to prevent his doing something about it; he had to repeat over to himself his favorite notions: that the injustice and unhappiness in the world is a constant; that the theory of progress is a delusion; that the poor, never having known happiness, are insensible to misfortune. Like all the rich he could not bring himself to believe that the poor (look at their houses, look at their clothes) could really suffer. Like all the cultivated he believed that only the widely read could be said to know that they were unhappy.”
― Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey

“My dear Scipio and Laelius. Men, of course, who have no resources in themselves for securing a good and happy life find every age burdensome. But those who look for all happiness from within can never think anything bad which Nature makes inevitable.”
― Cicero

“The kind of happy I was that day at the Vet when "Hawk" Dawson actually doffed his red "C" cap to me, and everyone cheered and practically convulsed into tears - you can't patent that. It was one shining moment of glory that was instantly gone. Whereas life, real life, is different and can't even be appraised as simply "happy", but only in terms of "Yes, I'll take it all, thanks" or "No, I believe I won't." Happy, as my poor father used to say, is a lot of hooey. Happy is a circus clown, a sitcom, a greeting card. Life, though, life's about something sterner. But also something better. A lot better. Believe me.”
― Richard Ford, The Lay of the Land

“Human unhappiness is evidence of our immortality.”
― Richard Rodriguez, Days of Obligation: An Argument With My Mexican Father

“One honest John Tompkins, a hedger & ditcher,
Although he was poor, did not want to be richer;
For all such vain wishes in him were prevented
By a fortunate habit of being contented.”
― Jane Taylor, Original Poems for Infant Minds

“A felicidade nunca é graciosa.

Happiness is never gracious.”
― Aldous Huxley

“Das Glück ist nicht in den Dingen, die wir besitzen, sondern in den Dingen, die zu besitzen wir glauben.”
― Johannes Mario Simmel

“When you've succeeded, you'd say:
'Indeed I'd to go through those hell
before fit into all of this happiness.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Emmy has embarked on her journey to enrich the world with smiles. They are free, healthy, and often, very contagious.”
― Emmy Swain

“Tudo parecia organizado da melhor forma possível, como se de fato o mundo constasse somente de palavras, como se assim o próprio horror fosse trazido para dimensões seguras, como se para cada aspecto de uma coisa houvesse um reverso, para cada mal um bem, para cada dissabor um prazer, para cada infelicidade uma felicidade e para cada mentira um quinhão de verdade.”
― W.G. Sebald, Vertigo

“The amusements of life, he argued, should be accepted with the same philosophy as its ills. ("The Striding Place")”
― Gertrude Atherton, The Bell in the Fog & Other Stories

“Happiness must preclude false indulgence and physic.”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“Going further back, have the seventy or so turbulent millennia since the Cognitive Revolution made the world a better place to live? Was the late Neil Armstrong, whose footprint remains intact on the windless moon, happier than the nameless hunter-gatherer who 30,000 years ago left her handprint on a wall in Chauvet Cave? If not, what was the point of developing agriculture, cities, writing, coinage, empires, science and industry?”
― Yuval Noah Harari, Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind

“Bhikkhus, what is meant by ‘pursuing the past’? To pursue the past means to lose yourself in thoughts about what you looked like in the past, what your feelings were then, what rank and position you held, what happiness or suffering you experienced then. Giving rise to such thoughts entangles you in the past. “Bhikkhus, what is meant by ‘losing yourself in the future’? To lose yourself in the future means to lose yourself in thoughts about the future. You imagine, hope, fear, or worry about the future, wondering what you will look like, what your feelings will be, whether you will have happiness or suffering. Giving rise to such thoughts entangles you in the future.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh

“You must want to be free. It must become first with you before anything else. Everything that you’ve done all your life, is only a game, a game you’re playing with your self, only it seems to be real. The only reality is the Self and you are That. Why look for anything else? Everything else will take care of itself. You’ve got to abide in the Self, just in the Self. Everything else will take care of itself in a beautiful way. You are boundless space, like the ocean, like the sky, all-pervasive. This is your real nature. But for some reason you believe you are a body, confined to a small space. This is not you. It’s illusion. You are all-pervading absolute reality. This is your true nature. This is who you really are.
Just by thinking about these things all the time, something begins to happen to you, something wonderful. Do not think about the weather, or about the day’s work or your problems. For all the thinkers, who thinks? Find out who has the problems? Find out who you really are, who am I? It’s up to you to awaken from this mortal dream. You can keep on going like you are right now, with the good things and the bad things. Yet you live in a universe of dualities, which means for every good there is a bad. For every bad there is a good. It’s a false world in which you live. You need to awaken to this truth.
Be aware of yourself, always. The world goes through its own karma. It has absolutely nothing to do with you. You belong to God. Everything you see is God. This is why you should be nonjudgemental. Leave everything alone. By practising these things, you become radiantly happy. Everyone wants something. If your mind stops thinking, what happens? Some of you believe you will not have anything, that you will have more problems. But it’s in reverse. You experience bliss, joy and happiness when you don’t want anything. From what we know, people want something and when they get it, they become more miserable than ever before.
Nothing is wrong. Everything is right just the way it is. Do not try to understand this or figure it out. Leave it alone. It will happen by itself, by keeping yourself quiet and still. You quiet the mind because of realization. Let it be calm. In all situations be calm. Let it be still and quiet. The world doesn’t need any help from you. Aren’t you the world, aren’t you the Creator? You created the world the way it is. It came out of you, of your mind. The world that you are in, is a creation of your own mind. When the mind becomes still, the world begins to disappear. And you’re in divine harmony and joy. Therefore, happiness comes to you when you stop thinking, when you stop judging, when you stop being afraid. When you begin to contemplate what is happiness. All the answers are within you. Everything you’re looking for is within you, everything.
Nobody can help but your Self. Know who you are. You are the power. All the
power of the universe is within you. You have all the power you need. All is well, exceedingly well. It has always been well, it will always be well. When you leave here today act like a god or a goddess. Do not act like a human being any longer. Stop feeling sorry for yourself, saying you’re unhappy. Stand up tall. Know the truth about yourself. Become the witness of all phenomena that you see and be free. Peace.”
― Robert Adams, Silence of the Heart: Dialogues with Robert Adams

“there are many reasons to be sad.

u may be sad because u feel alone. the comforting thing abot feeling lonely is that every thing that has ever existed also knows what loneliness feels like too.

u may be sad because u are sad. it is ok to be sad but if u are sad because happiness is fleeting, just remember that sadness is also fleeting too.”
― Jomny Sun, Everyone's a Aliebn When Ur a Aliebn Too

“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“When a Wanderess has been caged,
or perched with her wings clipped,
She lives like a Stoic,
She lives most heroic,
smiling with ruby, moistened lips
once her cup of Death is welcome sipped.”
― Roman Payne

“What is it that makes you cry? It is only your attachments. What is it that you miss when it is lost? It is the object of your attachment. Ponder over this. Find out what it is that grips your very life, without which you feel miserable and destitute; that is the center of your attachment.

Here is what you should do: make an effort to find out what things it would hurt you to lose. Then, before they are lost, open your hands little by little, relax your grip on them. This is the method for conquering attachment. There is bound to be pain, but you must bear it; this is your penance. It is not necessary to renounce anything. It is not that you should leave your wife and run away to the Himalayas. Remain there, where you are, but gradually stop depending on her. There is no need to cause any pain; your wife need not even know it. There is no need to tell her.


Seek out the attachments. Try gradually to live without the things that you now think you cannot live without. Create such a state within yourself that if and when these things are lost, there is not the slightest tremor within you. Then you will have attained victory over these attachments. This can be possible. It has been possible. And if it has happened to even one, it can happen to all.”
― Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery

“We are souls, eternal and perfect, captains of our mystic ships: gods and goddesses of our universe. We are beautiful, we pearls of grit. We, the ember of everything. Our uniqueness IS what makes us special, and the expression of it is our gift to the rest of us. In order to feel happy and fulfilled, we must honour our own personal brand of creativity... let it out into the world... BE who we came here to BE.”
― Angie karan

“I guess everybody thinks about old times, even the happiest people.”
― Willa Cather, My Ántonia

“Feeling guilt dims our light. Instead of dimming our light to make others feel more comfortable, we could just continue to shine and foster the rise of the vibrations of those around us.

Being Happy and Feeling Good does not mean you have no compassion for the misery of those around you. It simply means you won’t dim your light to make them feel comfortable – instead, you’re going to help light the way.

At first, your light may be a bit too bright for others and it may hurt their eyes, yet it’s far better to shine rather than to hide your light. When you hide your light for too long, it extinguishes and you slip right back into darkness…unable to find your way until someone ‘shiny’ comes along to light your way and help you to find the light you still possess within, your Soul’s Magnificence.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“Understand this first and foremost that you are the center of your existence; nobody else is responsible. No matter how burdensome it feels, but you alone are responsible. If you accept this truth all sorrow will soon disappear. Because once it is clear that I am making this game, how long will it take you to destroy it?”
― Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery

“I’m not good enough for Duke.”

“I’m good enough for you.”
― Feng Nong, จอมนางคู่บัลลังก์ 1

“Grateful people are happy people. The more things you are grateful for, the happier you will be.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“Be open about your thoughts, ideas, and desires and you will be right with your decisions.”
― Auliq Ice

“People don't get to choose their family, but if you have the family you would choose - that's happiness.”
― Lina Dimitrova

“In an established love of reading there is a policy of insurance guaranteeing certain happiness till death.”
― A. Edward Newton, End Papers: Literary Recreations

“XinWey’s Doctrine states that the most essential morality of mankind is to create the greatest amount of happiness among the greatest number of people while using the least amount of resources.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Perfect State

“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“There’s an interesting story about Abraham Lincoln. During the American Civil War he signed an order transferring certain regiments, but Secretary of War Edwin Stanton refused to execute it, calling the president a fool. When Lincoln heard he replied, ‘If Stanton said I’m a fool then I must be, for he’s nearly always right, and he says what he thinks. I’ll step over and see for myself.’ He did, and when Stanton convinced him the order was in error, Lincoln quietly withdrew it. Part of Lincoln’s greatness lay in his ability to rise above pettiness, ego, and sensitivity to other people’s opinions. He wasn’t easily offended. He welcomed criticism, and in doing so demonstrated one of the strengths of a truly great person: humility. So, have you been criticised? Make it a time to learn, not lose.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Most people are interested in success, but are too busy and distracted by their habituated day to day activities, to be COMMITTED to creating real success in every area of their lives.”
― Tony Dovale

“Because what’s life
Without happiness
And where’s happiness
Without risk”
― Dennis Sharpe, Hole in the World

“It’s all about reprogramming our minds to focus more on what brings us joy.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
― Compton Gage

“Holiness doesn’t demand denial of happiness, only selfishness. Where unhappiness exists in a relationship, I would submit that such isn’t the price of holiness but a sign of sin. It is an indication that one or both partners is holding to the wrong value system, that of self-love.

When husbands and wives love each other with agape, they meet the deepest needs God designed to be met in the very manner He intended. The result is a joy that is complete and a relationship where happiness is the fruit of holiness and meaning is the consequence of a loving relationship.”
― —James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart

“Trying to please everybody is what you'll soon get tired of, because as time goes on, those you're pleasing will get tired of you.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“When you choose your own way, you lose your happiness”
― Sunday Adelaja

“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“If you constantly go back over your life and focus on the difficulties from the past, you are just bringing more difficult circumstances to you now.
When you think back over your life, let go of all the things you don't love about your life, let go of all the things you don't love about your childhood and keep only the things you love. Let go of the things you don't love about your adolescent and adult years and keep only the good things. When you do, you'll discover that you begin to feel happier and happier.
The more positive thoughts you entertain, the more you notice the things that you love and that make you feel good, and the happier you become.

Like attracts like, and when you're happy, you attract happy people, circumstances, and events into your life. This is how your life changes - one happy thought at a time!”
― Rhonda Byrne

“I am responsible for my own existence and happiness.”
― Nathaniel Branden, Six Pillars of Self-Esteem

“We need to spread more seeds and fill this Planet with love to be surrounded by flowers just everywhere! It starts by simply opening up our hearts and hands to one another. It's in simple things where true Happiness may flourish.”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job

“Most sane people feel happy way less often than they act happy.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Of all the cankers of human happiness, none corrodes it with so silent, yet so baneful, a tooth, as indolence.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing. And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.”
― Mario Maruffi

“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
― Rashedur Ryan Rahman

“And I find a happiness in the fact of accepting —
In the sublimely scientific and difficult fact of accepting the inevitable natural.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Be thankful for a breath of fresh air to be alive and well. Allow love and happiness to penetrate throughout your mind and soul. Take time to relax and live in the moment, the now, the present. Enjoy today.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“Claiming to love self, but willingly default to cheating at the first sign of trouble is nothing short of playing yourself. Your ego may feel avenged - temporarily - but your heart and soul, the true self, will suffer the long term affects of karma's justifiable sting.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“We all need a technological detox; we need to throw away our phones and computers instead of using them as our pseudo-defence system for anything that comes our way. We need to be bored and not have anything to use to shield the boredom away from us. We need to be lonely and see what it is we really feel when we are. If we continue to distract ourselves so we never have to face the realities in front of us, when the time comes and you are faced with something bigger than what your phone, food, or friends can fix, you will be in big trouble.”
― Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World

“If you stand right at the edge of the night sky, some place where one o’clock leaves to meet two, the breeze will carry your words up to the stars. And they’ll swallow your secrets until its time to hand them over to the truths in the sky- the ones that draw maps in the black.

They carve their answers into the backs of my hands, the grooves of the words running deep in my palms.”
― Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts

“The history of your happiness is the history of your feeling connected.”
― Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness

“One thing I have come to realize is that love is not always happiness.”
― Jerhia

“If you behave in a manner that poisons your relationship, don’t be surprised when it dies.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Let the love of the moon kiss you good night,
let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”
― Debasish Mridha

“And me, standing under the splintered night,
catching fractured glimpses into the black behind the black,
hearing the prayers of stars, the angry whispers of the dark summer night.

Its voice cracks,
on your name.

My eyes close,
on your name.”
― Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts

“Why wait for your happiness to come from your future blessings, when this moment already has all you need to live happily?”
― Edmond Mbiaka

“Are you what is called a lucky man? Well, you are sad every day. Each day has its great grief or its little care. Yesterday you were trembling for the health of one who is dear to you, today you fear for your own; tomorrow it will be an anxiety about money, the next day the slanders of a calumniator, the day after the misfortune of a friend; then the weather, then something broken or lost, then a pleasure for which you are reproached by your conscience or your vertebral column; another time, the course of public affairs. Not to mention heartaches. And so on. One cloud is dissipated, another gathers. Hardly one day in a hundred of unbroken joy and sunshine. And you are of that small number who are lucky! As for other men, stagnant night is upon them.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“If I die very young, hear this:
I was never anything but a kid playing.
I was a heathen like the sun and the water,
I had the universal religion only people don’t have.
I was happy because I didn’t ask for anything at all,
Or tried to find anything,
And I didn’t find any more explanation
Than the word explanation having no meaning at all.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are”
― Germany Kent

“You know what I love? The spaces between I love you. The tap of your fork against the plate and how my cup of wine clicks against our table. The scratchy voice coming from the radio in the other room. The quiet sound of your hand reaching across the table and whispering over mine. How your voice sounds like your mouth on the back of my neck. The soft murmur of our easy conversation.

Between these quiet Tuesday night routines, following every comma and right after every pause for breath, is I, love, and you. In the middle of every I love you is a sink full of dishes, whisper of socked feet tangled in white sheets, and gentle kisses against curved cheeks. We lyric ourselves into the laundry that needs to be finished, into the ends of every smile that follows me repeating your name. We write ourselves into the grocery bags we need to carry, the cracks running up our rented walls, the sides of the bed we choose to drag up the sails of heavy eyed dreams.

Like the spaces between our fingers, in the spaces between I, love, and you, we wait.

The in-betweens have always been my favorite.”
― Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts

“There is no higher happiness than peace.”
― Jack Kornfield, The Art of Forgiveness, Lovingkindness, and Peace

“If you want more joy in your daily life, smile at the people you meet in the street, the woman sitting beside you on the bus or standing next to you in the queue at the airport, the waiter who brings your food, your colleagues or your employer. There’s a great chance they’ll smile back.”
― Thorbjörg Hafsteinsdottir, 10 Years Younger in 10 Weeks

“Life’s good when it’s lived for oneself; it’s great when lived for others. The true means of happiness is to lose your mind by thinking for others!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords

“Truthfulness is a luxury, perhaps the greatest, and let me assure you, the most expensive luxury in our life—and happy the man who has been able to enjoy it from his very child hood.”
― Friedrich Max Müller, India: What it Can Teach Us

“We can learn to act and think in ways that sow seeds of our future well-being, gradually becoming more aware of what causes happiness as well as what causes distress.”
― Pema Chödrön, The Pocket Pema Chodron

“Bahwa karena kau menyukai banyak hal sederhana, itu berarti kau akan merasa bahagia karena hal-hal yang sederhana pula.”
― Yuli Pritania, Morning, Noon & Night

“When your sense of self and happiness comes from within and isn't a roller coaster ride dependent on others or circumstances, you approach life differently. You make better choices. You draw to you the people and situations that matter. The others, they fall away.”
― Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth

“Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.”
― Auliq Ice

“Alors, dans l'obscurité j'ai pleuré de bonheur.”
― Stefan Zweig, Letter from an Unknown Woman and Other Stories

“... there was no need for him to hasten towards the attainment of a happiness already captured and held in a safe place, which would not escape his grasp again.”
― Marcel Proust, Swann's Way

“Pay attention to the things that are critical to your happiness and the happiness of others.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!

“Yes: I exist inside my body.
I’m not carrying the sun and the moon in my pocket.
I don’t want to conquer worlds because I slept badly,
And I don’t want to eat the world for breakfast because I have a stomach.
Indifferent?
No: a son of the earth, who, if he jumps, it’s wrong,
A moment in the air that’s not for us,
And only happy when his feet hit the ground again,
Pow! In reality where nothing’s missing!

(6/20/1919)”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“I must be happy, he said, it is less pleasant than I should have thought.”
― Samuel Beckett, Malone Dies

“Wearing fake happiness is as good as smearing foundation. A bit of moisture drains it all.”
― Aniruddha Sastikar

“she slammed the door and
was gone.

I looked at the closed door
and at the doorknob
and strangely
I didn't feel
alone.”
― Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense

“You have to appreciate where you have come from to know who you are in the present and whom you would like to be in the future.”
― Truth Devour, Unrequited

“You are the ruler of my heart. There is no measure greater than this.”
― Truth Devour, Unrequited

“Never surrender to you're passions. Dream and live to excess.”
― Truth Devour, Unrequited

“The subsistence mentality of a person is a prison in which his personal joy is detained. If you want to live in joy, you don't live for yourself alone. Live for others too!”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Totally present in this moment for you.”
― Truth Devour, Unrequited

“Hope is a dream of which we long to have. Don't let anyone ever tell you that you can't hope for something because hope brings joy and joy brings happiness and its all tied up in a big ball of love.”
― Peace Gypsy, Souls Deep

“L'uomo è infelice perchè è incontentabile.”
― Giacomo Leopardi, Operette Morali: Essays and Dialogues

“Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.”
― Dale Carnegie

“Loving my son, building my son, touching my son, playing with my son, being with my son… these aren’t tasks that only super dads can perform. These are tasks that every dad should perform. Always. Without fail.”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“That’s the thing about love
It can take you up to the mountaintop and can drop you
And the impact will either kill you or make you a new person”
― Kehinde Sonola, Klosophy

“لمثل هذه الساعة سكن الأَرض حيث الناس يولدون أَبدًا, وأَبدًا يموتون, وبين الولادة والموت يفتشون عن عنقاء تدعى "السعادة", ولكنهم إِليها لا يستهدون.”
― ميخائيل نعيمة, من وحي المسيح

“In stating these matters, I speak an open and disinterested language, dictated by no passion but that of humanity. To me, who have not only refused offers, because I thought them improper, but have declined rewards I might with reputation have accepted, it is no wonder that meanness and imposition appear disgustful. Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good.”
― Thomas Paine, Rights of Man

“Everything that God sends us is beautiful, even though we may not understand it - and we only need to give it some proper thought to see that what God gives is just sheer happiness; the suffering is what we add to it.”
― Adalbert Stifter, The Bachelors

“Vronsky saw nothing and no one. He felt himself as a king, not because she had made an impression on Anna-he did not yet believe that-but because the impression she had made on him gave him happiness and pride.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“The sage is sick of being sick (Tao Te Ching)”
― Robert Baohm, Real Happiness Challenge

“The joy from eating does not come from the exclusivity of the food, but instead from the sensitivity that we eat it with.”
― Nino Gruettke, BOTH of You: Behavior. Opinion. Thinking. Happiness - The more rational we are, the more emotional we can be.

“No child should ever be too sad to play.”
― Andrew Galasetti, These Colors Don't Run

“Meditation makes us happier!”
― Mia Randall

“It’s that short-lived happiness, which empowers us to bear; long-lasting pain in living.”
― Aniruddha Sastikar

“Eve was happy for her bestie. She just wished she had a guy who would look at her the way Seth looked at her friend, eyes all starry.
No, that wasn't it. Or it wasn't completely it. Eve knew there were guys at school who liked her and would give her the Seth-look if she gave them the opportunity. But she didn't want the look from any of those guys. She wanted the look she could give the look back to. She wanted to find a guy she could all-out love who would all-out love her back.”
― Amy Meredith, Fever

“Happiness is a gift which is priceless,
You can only receive it
if you can give it....”
― Adil Adam Memon

“The truth will set you free (The Bible)”
― Robert Baohm, Real Happiness Challenge

“Pero me sobran motivos para ser feliz. Sobre todo cuando estoy en los brazos de mis tres misses. Son tres gentiles damas a las que se llega cuando las cosas adquieren una claridad inusitada: Miss Antropía, Miss Oginia y Miss Eria; pero no las comparto, como hago con el resto de mis mujeres.”
― Eusebio Ruvalcaba, Una mosca devastada y deprimida sobreviviendo en un hilito de sangre

“I've been quite happy. Look, here are my proofs. Remember that I am indifferent to discomforts which would harass other folk. What do the circumstances of life matter if your dreams make you lord paramount of time and space?”
― W. Somerset Maugham

“Live happily thinking about those millions of good people god blessed you with not about the one person he took away from you. :)
There is a reason behind every decision god makes. And in the end he plans to make you anything but happy :)”
― Chhavi Joshi

“To be happy in absolute terms, along with our happiness, all the world must be happy so that we don’t have to worry for anyone!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Nobody can give you happiness than yourself.”
― Jared Nyairo Onduso

“In a beautiful morning, walking barefoot to the work through the green fields with the company of the singing birds... and there you shall meet the real happiness!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“...look with-in (Jesus)”
― Robert Baohm, Real Happiness Challenge

“They seemed to come suddenly upon happiness as if they had surprised a butterfly in the winter woods.”
― Edith Wharton, Ethan Frome

“The happiest people don’t bother about whether life is unfair. They just concentrate on what they have.”
― Andrew Matthews, Happiness in Hard Times

“The only secret of wealth creation is knowing how to use Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Human beings are incredibly slow, Cosmic Ordering is incredibly fast!”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!

“I am who I am because the tears of my past have watered the magnificence of my present.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“There I am, in the Grade Six class picture, smiling broadly. Happy as a clam, is what my mother says for happy. I am happy as a clam: hardshelled, firmly closed.”
― Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye

“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your life
H – Harass
H – Hamper
H – Hurt
H – Harm
H – Hinder
To
Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“Le Chat

Je souhaite dans ma maison:
Une femme ayant sa raison.
Un chat passant parmi les livres.
Des amis en toute saison
Sans lesquels je ne peux pas vivre.”
― Guillaume Apollinaire, Alcools

“We all need something that takes us out of day to day and reminds us that it's all ok."

Ian Tucker www.yoursimplepath.co.uk”
― Ian Tucker, Your Simple Path - Find Happiness in every step.

“When you are stressed on mind...to pour it out, is the behaviour, most kind!”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“There is no eleventh hour with Cosmic Ordering, only the golden hour.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Benar. Kita tak pernah lagi menjumpai kebahagiaan yang setara dengan kebahagiaan masa kanak-kanak kita." Pablo mengangguk sedih.”
― John Steinbeck, Tortilla Flat

“Everybody talks about being rich, Cosmic Ordering does something about it.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“A clever person solves a problem; a wise person uses Cosmic Ordering!”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“A man may fail many times, and then he turns to Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!

“In the beginning man was poor, then along came Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“To fail is nothing, unless you continue to ignore Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“There are more triumphs than defeats with Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“Whatever your desire, use Cosmic Ordering to get what you require!”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“On the road to success some will always expect tragedy ... ditch your doubts and experience success with Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!

“Si quieres que tus deseos duren, tienes que pedir algo que te haga feliz y no la felicidad.”
― Jackson Pearce, As You Wish

“Cosmic Ordering success sticks to you like mud to a blanket.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“Believe and achieve with Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!

“Twenty years from now you will be disappointed you never used Cosmic Ordering today.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Often the only difference between success and failure is not using Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“If you say you can't, you won't!

The only thing holding you back from success is yourself.”
― Jody Provost, Hitty and Her Next Hundred Years

“Whatever one does, someone is always happy...then again, someone else is not pleased”
― ArLeaBelle

“No more need to rob Peter to pay Paul with Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“Sweep the board with Cosmic Ordering Success.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“The proof of the pudding is in the Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“Unhappy parents teach you a lesson that lasts a lifetime.”
― J.G. Ballard

“You will have fewer regrets in life if you start focusing and taking responsiblity for where you are and where you want to be.”
― Deborah Day

“I only seem negative to the fortunate. That's because I show the less fortunate that they aren't less fortunate after all.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“...because all happiness is contagious, and disarms the spirit of hatred.”
― Irène Némirovsky, Suite Française

“Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“One thing a man must have: either a naturally light disposition or a disposition lightened by art and knowledge.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human: A Book for Free Spirits

“When I take a break, even just a brief one, the creative energy flows in. Only then do I have anything of value to share with others. Once I recognized this, I stopped feeling guilty about taking time for myself.”
― Holly Mosier

“I look at the hundreds of algebra problems facing me in the next three days.
And here I thought I’d figured out the equation to my happiness.”
― Elizabeth Eulberg, Take a Bow

“أهم يجلبون البهجة معهم أم....
نحن نشعر بالبهجة فى وجودهم...؟؟

^_^”
― Fayrouz Yasser

“Don’t think about happiness. If it doesn’t come, there’s no disappointment; if it does come, it’s a surprise.”
― Bolesław Prus

“Hope finds its fulfillment when nurtured through faith and shared with love.”
― Mollie Marti

“count no man happy until he be dead.”
― Solon

“Your life isn't behind you; your memories are behind you. Your life is ALWAYS ahead of you. Today is a new day - seize it!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Being truly happy in life involves you feeling more in control of the direction your life is going.”
― Deborah Day

“Happy roads is bunk. Weary roads is right. Get you nowhere fast. That's where I've got—nowhere. Where everyone lands in the end, even if most of the suckers won't admit it.”
― Eugene O'Neill, Long Day's Journey into Night

“Yes - it was happiness she still wanted, and the glimpse she had caught of it made everything else of no account. One by one she had detached herself from the baser possibilities , and she saw that nothing now remained to her but the emptiness of renunciation.
"The House of Mirth”
― Edith Wharton

“Connection is life; disconnection, death.”
― Deborah Day

“Never been more truthful then right now, looking at you fixes everything.”
― Holly Hood

“The person with the least worry over the compromises he must make is, of course, the person who doesn't compromise.”
― Mark Sundeen, The Man Who Quit Money

“When life gives you lemons, use Cosmic Ordering!”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.”
― allan chaimers

“Cosmic Ordering is a dish best served today.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Toate familiile fericite se aseamănă între ele. Fiecare familie nefericită este nefericită în felul ei.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“Have fun life is better that way.”
― Rebecca Stebbins

“Yo no nací dichoso. De niño, mi himno favorito era: «Cansado del mundo y con el peso de mis pecados». A los cinco años yo pensaba que si había de vivir setenta no había pasado aún más que la catorceava parte de mi vida vital, y me parecía casi insoportable la enorme cantidad de aburrimiento que me aguardaba. En la adolescencia la vida me era odiosa, y estaba continuamente al borde del suicidio, del cual me libré gracias al deseo de saber más matemáticas. Hoy, por el contrario, gusto de la vida, y casi estoy por decir que cada año que pasa la encuentro más gustosa. Esto es debido, en parte, a haber descubierto cuáles eran las cosas que deseaba más y haber adquirido gradualmente muchas de ellas. En parte es debido también a haberme desprendido, felizmente, de ciertos deseos (la adquisición del conocimiento indudable acerca de algo) como esencialmente inasequibles. Pero en la mayor parte se debe a la preocupación, cada día menor, de mí mismo.”
― Bertrand Russell, The Conquest of Happiness

“The first law of attraction is use Cosmic Ordering now.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“With Cosmic Ordering you can count your chickens before they have hatched.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“When you use Cosmic Ordering you will move from cloud nine to cloud ten.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“With Cosmic Ordering you will never eat humble pie again.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Cosmic Ordering is a licence to print money.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Why are you unhappy?
Because 99.9 percent of everything you think, and of everything you do, is for yourself—and there isn’t one.”
― Wei Wu Wei

“Stop pointing fingers and placing blame on others. Your life can only change to the degree that you accept responsibility for it.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“An afternoon drive from Los Angeles will take you up into the high mountains, where eagles circle above the forests and the cold blue lakes, or out over the Mojave Desert, with its weird vegetation and immense vistas. Not very far away are Death Valley, and Yosemite, and Sequoia Forest with its giant trees which were growing long before the Parthenon was built; they are the oldest living things in the world. One should visit such places often, and be conscious, in the midst of the city, of their surrounding presence. For this is the real nature of California and the secret of its fascination; this untamed, undomesticated, aloof, prehistoric landscape which relentlessly reminds the traveller of his human condition and the circumstances of his tenure upon the earth. "You are perfectly welcome," it tells him, "during your short visit. Everything is at your disposal. Only, I must warn you, if things go wrong, don't blame me. I accept no responsibility. I am not part of your neurosis. Don't cry to me for safety. There is no home here. There is no security in your mansions or your fortresses, your family vaults or your banks or your double beds. Understand this fact, and you will be free. Accept it, and you will be happy.”
― Christopher Isherwood, Exhumations

“The lack of power to take joy in outdoor nature is as real a misfortune as the lack of power to take joy in books”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“Sex parties, alcohol and drugs lost their appeal to Sven after a while. Music never did, in his continual search for that sober connection--intimacy with one person over a long period of time, as opposed to periods of intimacy with a bunch of random faces.”
― Jess C. Scott, Sven

“But to appear happy when I am so miserable — Oh! who can require it?”
― Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility

“He brewed his tea in a blue china pot, poured it into a chipped white cup with forget-me-nots on the handle, and dropped in a dollop of honey and cream. He sat by the window, cup in hand, watching the first snow fall. "I am," he sighed deeply, "contented as a clam. I am a most happy man.”
― Ethel Pochocki, Wildflower Tea

“The search for contentment is, therefore, not merely a self-preserving and self-benefiting act, but also a generous gift to the world. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“There must be some other possibility than death or lifelong penance ... some meeting, some intersection of lines; and some cowardly, hopeful geometer in my brain tells me it is the angle at which two lines prop each other up, the leaning-together from the vertical which produces the false arch. For lack of a keystone, the false arch may be as much as one can expect in this life. Only the very lucky discover the keystone.”
― Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose

“He found himself remembering how on one summer morning they two had started from New York in search of happiness. They had never expected to find it, perhaps, yet in itself that quest had been happier than anything he expected forevermore. Life, it seemed, must be a setting up of props around one - otherwise it was disaster. There was no rest, no quiet. He had been futile in longing to drift and dream, no one drifted except to maelstroms, no one dreamed, without his dreams becoming fantastic nightmares of indecision and regret.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned

“I think now that this is the great division between people. There are people who find life hard and those who find it easy. There are those who have a natural, in-built, expectation of happiness, and there are those who feel that happiness is not to be expected: that it is not, in fact, one of the rights of man. Nor, God knows, one of the rights of women.”
― Hilary Mantel, An Experiment in Love

“The materialistic view of happiness of our age starkly revealed in our understanding of the word "luxury.”
― Alain de Botton

“As the poet says, all happy couples are alike, it's the unhappy ones who create the stories. I'm no longer a story. Happiness has made me fade into real life.”
― Charles Baxter, The Feast of Love

“Blame is the creed of the disempowered.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Marriage is a wonderful invention; but then again so is a bicycle repair kit.”
― Billy Connolly

“You know, happiness isn't a permanent state. Neither is unhappiness. There's a flow, back and forth”
― Carole Glickfeld, Swimming Toward the Ocean: A Novel

“I was uncomfortable enough. I was very uncomfortable, I may say unhappy.”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

“We need but little learning to live happily.”
― Montaigne

“100% of a Guru’s marketing plan depends on you holding the belief that you are not enough; that you were created less equipped than necessary to fulfill your purpose. What if you let go of that belief and connected with the truth of your innate power to change and shape your life? You ARE enough. You CAN change and shape your own life. Anyone who tells you different is simply lying. Your life has immeasurable potentiality for greatness; act accordingly.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“i'm too lazy to go find happiness,but i'm sure it will swing by sometime”
― - AMAL SAGHEER

“Do not presume that richness or poorness will bring you happiness.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“(Can human beings change? The humor, and the sadness, of remarriage comedies can be said to result from the fact that we have no good answer to that question.)”
― Stanley Cavell, Pursuits of Happiness: The Hollywood Comedy of Remarriage

“Used in a personal sense, the phrase 'achieve an end' seemed to her a small-minded snare. She preferred the word life, and, on rare occasions, happiness.”
― Roberto Bolaño, 2666

“Nobody's happy. What's happy? Happiness is over when the lights come on”
― Armistead Maupin

“The thought of all that happiness was hard to bear. What's the point of happiness when all it does is throw the facts of dying into clear relief?”
― Sebastian Faulks, Engleby

“To pursue happiness for its own sake is the surest way to lose it.”
― George Roche

“Life is a journey worth making.”
― Diva Jefferson

“It's more important to be free than to be happy.”
― Tom Robbins, Il fungo magico

“It was not often that Flay approved of happiness in others.”
― Mervyn Peake, The Gormenghast Trilogy

“Sharing is caring.”
― Asraa Abdelqader

“If the entire world sought to make itself worthy of happiness rather than make itself happy, then the entire world would be happy.”
― Criss Jami, Venus in Arms

“Happiness is a very pretty thing to feel, but very dry to talk about.”
― Jeremy Bentham, The Panopticon Writings

“Happyish. Well, happyish isn't so bad.'
'It's the most we can hope for.”
― David Nicholls, One Day

“يبدو أننا أحياناً نفضل أن ندور حول رغباتنا بدلاً من الاعتراف بها لأنفسنا والمجاهرة بها، حتى لا نتحمل في سبيل ذلك بعض العناء كضريبة ضرورية لنيل ما نريد ،أو لأننا نغمغم لأنفسنا بما نرغب ونترقب من الأقدار أن تهبه لنا بغير أن نبدو نحن ساعين إليه أو متلهفين عليه لأننا نخجل أن نجاهر به و-"الخياط العظيم لا يقص كثيراً " كما يقول المثل الصيني ،وإنما يمضي إلى هدفه المحدد بلا تردد فلا يقطع إلا ما يتطلبه تحقيق هذا الهدف أما نحن فإننا نقص في إتجاهات مختلفة وبعيدة عن الهدف الذي نتمناه صامتين وننتظر من يرغمنا على السعادة التي نعرفها ونريدها من أعماقنا”
― عبد الوهاب مطاوع, حصاد الصبر

“Happy the hare at morning, for she cannot read
The hunter's waking thoughts.”
― W.H. Auden, Collected Poems

“The positive vibrations of unregulated joy, peace, happiness and tranquility is freedom.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“Who among us has not suddenly looked into his child's face, in the midst of the toils and troubles of everyday life, and at that moment "seen" that everything which is good, is loved and lovable, loved by God! Such certainties all mean, at bottom, one and the same thing: that the world is plumb and sound; that everything comes to its appointed goal; that in spite of all appearances, underlying all things is - peace, salvation, gloria; that nothing and no one is lost; that "God holds in his hand the beginning, middle, and end of all that is." Such nonrational, intuitive certainties of the divine base of all that is can be vouchsafed to our gaze even when it is turned toward the most insignificant-looking things, if only it is a gaze inspired by love. That, in the precise sense, is contemplation...

Out of this kind of contemplation of the created world arise in never-ending wealth all true poetry and all real art, for it is the nature of poetry and art to be paean and praise heard above all the wails of lamentation. No one who is not capable of such contemplation can grasp poetry in a poetic fashion, that is to say, in the only meaningful fashion. The indispensability, the vital function of the arts in man's life, consists above all in this: that through them contemplation of the created world is kept alive and active.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“It's one thing thinking something and another thing knowing it.”
― François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness

“When you feel down and out you must reach up and out--to Spirit! Our strength will only resonate deep within your souls if you open your heart and minds with us.”
― Jim Fargiano

“Repose, leisure, peace, belong among the elements of happiness. If we have not escaped from harried rush, from mad pursuit, from unrest, from the necessity of care, we are not happy. And what of contemplation? Its very premise is freedom from the fetters of workaday busyness. Moreover, it itself actualizes this freedom by virtue of being intuition.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“And this is not the happiness of a magazine writer who sends in his gay little philosophy of life to the editor for the one paragraph spread in front of the magazine: This is a serious happiness full of doubts and strengths. I wonder if happiness is possible. It is a state of mind, but I'd hate to be a bore all my life, if only because of those I love around me. Happiness can change into unhappiness just for the sake of change.”
― Jack Kerouac, Windblown World: The Journals of Jack Kerouac 1947-1954

“Tout bonheur est un chef-d'oeuvre: la moindre erreur le fausse, la moindre hésitation l'altère, la moindre lourder le dépare, la moindre sottise l'abêtit.”
― Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian

“Sonnez, grelots; sonnez, clochettes; sonnez, cloches!
Car mon rêve impossible a pris corps et je l’ai
Entre mes bras pressé : le Bonheur, cet ailé
Voyageur qui de l’Homme évite les approches,
- Sonnez grelots; sonnez, clochettes, sonnez, cloches!

Le Bonheur a marché côte à côte avec moi;
Mais la FATALITÉ ne connaît point de trêve :
Le ver est dans le fruit, le réveil dans le rêve,
Et le remords est dans l’amour : telle est la loi.
- Le Bonheur a marché côte à côte avec moi.”
― Paul Verlaine, Poèmes Saturniens

“I will not talk of my own happiness,' said he, 'great as it is, for I think only of yours. Compared with you, who has the right to be happy?”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“As Tim followed me up the narrow stairwell, he playfully pinched my butt with every step, a pleasant (and painful--in a black-and-blue sort of way) reminder that all I had yearned for as a student twenty-five years before had come true, even if I hadn't taken the time to notice it until now: I was happy. At twenty years old, had I articulated what I thought I needed in life, I would have probably said a big house, a successful husband, and a great career. Yet all I really needed for true happiness was the homeless, unemployed bus driver right behind me, pinching my butt every step of the way.”
― Doreen Orion, Queen of the Road: The True Tale of 47 States, 22,000 Miles, 200 Shoes, 2 Cats, 1 Poodle, a Husband, and a Bus with a Will of Its Own

“-Do you think artists are supposed to be happy?
-Everyone is supposed to be. -I said staunchly,and I knew that I was indeed an idiot and that was my destiny and I didn't mind it”
― Elizabeth Kostova, The Swan Thieves

“Pats cīnies, palīdz, domā, spried un sver,
Pats esi kungs, pats laimei – durvis ver!”
― Rainis

“Happiness is what matters, feeling alive-not art or knowledge or money.”
― Marty Rubin

“The "supreme good" and its attainment -- that is happiness. And joy is: response to happiness.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“Some of the most memorable, and least regrettable, nights of my own youth were spent in coon hunting with farmers. There is no denying that these activities contributed to the economy of farm households, but a further fact is that they were pleasures; they were wilderness pleasures, not greatly different from the pleasures pursued by conservationists and wilderness lovers. As I was always aware, my friends the coon hunters were not motivated just by the wish to tree coons and listen to hounds and listen to each other, all of which were sufficiently attractive; they were coon hunters also because they wanted to be afoot in the woods at night. Most of the farmers I have known, and certainly the most interesting ones, have had the capacity to ramble about outdoors for the mere happiness of it, alert to the doings of the creatures, amused by the sight of a fox catching grasshoppers, or by the puzzle of wild tracks in the snow.”
― Wendell Berry, Bringing it to the Table: On Farming and Food

“If you can't see a benefit of the challenges in the present, know that you're giving a present to your future." —Bright Side Up: 100 Ways to Be Happier Right Now”
― Amy Spencer

“Yet some happiness must and would arise, from the very conviction, that he did suffer.”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“Here we must take account of one of St. Thomas's conceptual distinctions, which at first seems like unnecessary caviling. It is the distinction between "uncreated" and "created" happiness. We have here something which, while not at all obvious, is nevertheless fraught with consequences for our whole feeling about life. Namely, this: what does indeed make us happy is the infinite and uncreated richness of God; but participation in this, happiness itself, is entirely a "creatural" reality governed from within by our humanity; it is not something that descends overwhelmingly upon us from outside. That is, it is not only something that happens to us; we ourselves are intensely active participants in our own happiness.
Beatitude - Thomas is saying - cannot possibly be conceived as a merely objective condition of sheer existence. It is not a mere quality, not pure passivity, not simply a feeling. It is something that takes place in the alert core of the mind... Happiness is an act and an activity of the soul.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“The common element in all the special forms of contemplation is the loving, yearning, affirming bent toward that happiness which is the same as God Himself, and which is the aim and purpose of all that happens in the world.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“The door to heaven is open to us at any time we are willing to accept that we are of absolutely no importance. The bars of our own hell - the “mind-forged manacles” as Blake put it - are our attempts to justify ourselves or prove our self-worth. Accept that none of this matters and we can see that heaven is all around us. It is there in a child’s smile, in the rain that waters the earth, even in the maggots that rise in new life from dead meat. All around us is evidence that life and love are eternal and unbroken by strife and suffering.”
― Aussiescribbler, How to be Free

“disputing nothing is the first step through the difficult door of happiness”
― Padgett Powell, You & I

“Therefore, for me, living true to my self may be defined as: Making the daily choices in all areas of my life that are in the best interests of my survival, evolution and prosperity, that aid the ongoing achievement of the highest physical, mental and spiritual objectives of which I am capable, that are based on the most correct assessment of reality I have available, and that honor the evolving truth of who I am and who I choose to be, all in the personal pursuit of freedom, function, fun, as well as the highest good of all.”
― Walt F.J. Goodridge, Living True to Your Self: Reclaim your power! Break Free! Live the life of your dreams!

“…for I look upon the Frasers to be about as unhappy as most other married people.”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“... each gratification points to the ultimate one, and that all happiness has some connection with eternal beatitude. Some connection, if only this: that every fulfillment this side of Heaven instantly reveals its inadequacy. It is immediately evident that such satisfactions are not enough; they are not what we have really sought; they cannot really satisfy us at all.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“She had received ideas which disposed her to be courteous and kind to all, and to pity every one, as being less happy than herself.”
― Jane Austen, Persuasion

“We, Equality 7-2521, were not happy in those year in the Home of the Students. It was not that the learning was too hard for us. It was that the learning was too easy. This is a great sin, to be born with a head which is too quick. It is not good to be different from our brothers, but it is evil to be superior to them. The Teachers told us so, and they frowned when they looked at us.”
― Ayn Rand, Anthem

“My art is that of the 35mm kind; my poetry is of the lead and ink kind; my happiness is of the product of both; and my legacy is of the story of my soul, that my life left behind”
― Jeremy Aldana

“أنصِتْ ، كيف أنّ الأصوات الصافية تنشد الوجع و البهجة !”
― Johannes V. Jensen, Kongens fald

“How can one explain this trend towards a more colorless and shallow life? Well, the work was easier, if less healthy, and it brought in more money, more leisure, and perhaps more entertainment. A day in the country is long and hard. And yet the fruits of their present life were worthless compared to a single coin of their former life: a rest in the evening and a rural festivity. That they no longer knew the old kind of happiness was obvious from the discontentment which spread over their features. Soon dissatisfaction, prevailing over all their other moods, became their religion.”
― Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees

“The successful cannot be unhappy -- it was a contradiction in terms.”
― Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger

“The gods, so says the old superstition, do not like to behold too happy mortals. It is certain, at least, that some human beings do not.”
― L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams

“I do not think the sunny youth of either will prove the forerunner of stormy age. I think it is deemed good that you two should live in peace and be happy - not as angels but as few are happy amongst mortals. Some lives are thus blessed: it is God's will: it is the attesting trace and lingering evidence of Eden. Other lives run from the first another course. Other travellers encounter weather fitful and gusty wild and variable - breast adverse winds are belated and overtaken by the early closing winter night. Neither can this happen without the sanction of God and I know that amidst His boundless works is somewhere stored the secret of this last fate's justice: I know that His treasures contain the proof as the promise of its mercy.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Villette

“He stared to sea. "I gave up all ideas of practicing medicine. In spite of what I have just said about the wave and the water, in those years in France I am afraid I lived a selfish life. That is, I offered myself every pleasure. I traveled a great deal. I lost some money dabbling in the theatre, but I made much more dabbling on the Bourse. I gained a great many amusing friends, some of whom are now quite famous. But I was never very happy. I suppose I was fortunate. It took me only five years to discover what some rich people never discover — that we all have a certain capacity for happiness and unhappiness. And that the economic hazards of life do not seriously affect it.”
― John Fowles, The Magus

“That no man can truly imagine being happy and that's why happiness isn't for sale here.”
― Robin Hobb, Ship of Magic

“It is no coincidence that precisely when things started going downhill with the gods, politics gained its bliss-making character. There would be no reason for objecting to this, since the gods, too were not exactly fair. But at least people saw temples instead of termite architecture. Bliss is drawing closer; it is no longer in the afterlife, it will come, though not momentarily, sooner or later in the here and now - in time.

The anarch thinks more primitively; he refuses to give up any of his happiness. "Make thyself happy" is his basic law. It his response to the "Know thyself" at the temple of Apollo in Delphi. These two maxims complement each other; we must know our happiness and our measure.”
― Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil

“A fondness for roving, for making a name for themselves in their onw country, and for boasting of what they had seen in their travels, was so strong in our two wanderers, that they resolved to be no longer happy; and demanded permission of the king to leave the country.”
― Voltaire, Candide

“يتم الوصول الى السعادة بطريقة من ثلاث:الأولى :وجود شيء تتطلع إليه أو تترقبه , الثانية :بالمشاركة ,الثالثة : جعل شخص آخر سعيدا.”
― Richard Denny, Succeed for Yourself: Unlock Your Potential for Success and Happiness

“He wished someone in the course of history had thought of striking that word and all its derivatives from the English Language - happy, happier, happiest, happiness. What the devil did the words really mean anyway? Why not just the word pleasure, which was far more... well, pleasant.”
― Mary Balogh, Then Comes Seduction

“[K]urzes Glück: Es ist wohl kein anderes denkbar [...]”
― Kurt Tucholsky, Schloß Gripsholm / Rheinsberg

“...ежели разобраться, что такое счастье? Это - жизнь без страха...
(Корнелий Глас)”
― Vladislav Krapivin, Выстрел с монитора. Гуси-гуси, га-га-га...

“At liminality, at a transitional point between his last night dream and reality, he realizes he has made a big mistake and happiness is possible without death. (Coming back to himself.)”
― Lara Biuts, The Sunless Parlour

“Small Moth...

She's slicing ripe white peaches
into the Tony the Tiger bowl
and dropping slivers for the dog
poised vibrating by her foot to stop their fall
when she spots it, camouflaged,
a glimmer and then full on-
happiness, plashing blunt soft wings
inside her as if it wants
to escape again.”
― Sarah Lindsay

“Ahora sabemos que las cosas buenas ocurren, que los sueños a veces se cumplen, que los deseos pueden hacerse realidad y de nosotros depende no olvidarlo para poder meterle un gol a esa portería invisible del día a día.”
― Eugenia Rico

“But in that first flush of victory and happiness and relief, and God knows what other emotions were involved in this great moment, we were all very much one, and we were all in a state of euphoria, drunk with our happiness.”
― Harry Bernstein, The Invisible Wall: A Love Story That Broke Barriers

“Asymmetrie [macht] Menschen unglücklich.”
― J.M. Coetzee, In the Heart of the Country

“To the wise, peace of mind is the result of being fine with how things are; to the foolish, the result of things being fine.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Only fake happiness comes with the compulsion to flaunt it.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“No one is freer than someone who couldn’t care less about how he or she feels.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Love yourself more and spread love all around you.”
― Aurora Berill

“Think about your future in a positive way and you will move towards your goals.”
― Aurora Berill

“Kindness indicates the act is done with love.”
― Aurora Berill

“Count Your Blessings And Not Your Depressings”
― John M Sheehan

“It is only one Life that you have; just this one lifetime! So, please don’t postpone Happiness, don’t postpone living. Of course, you can’t avoid the lows, the crises, the tragedies. But you can learn to be happy despite the circumstances. You do that by accepting whatever comes your way and by letting go of debilitating emotions. Remember: only when you let go of something can you receive another…clinging on never helps…so, to receive grace and abundance…let go, let go, let go…of all that makes you unhappy and…simply flow with Life!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Happiness is only for the honest-that’s a law that runs through matter as undetectable as gravity”
― Thomas Alva Edison

“I didn't know it was possible to feel this happy! I’d never understood why old people would cry when they were happy until now.”
― Mark Higbee, Zendreo Chronicles The Legendary Zehn Mortalix

“Instead of pursuing happiness, pursue God, and happiness will find you, deep in your soul.”
― Leila Grandemange, Pawz & Pray: Finding Joy in the Journey with God, Family, and Furry Friends! 130 Inspiring Stories and Devotions for Dog Lovers

“In order to experience bliss and contentment, we must not only be willing to live in the present—not in the past or looking toward the future—but also to accept that pain is a real possibility, if not a probability.

This is not to say that joy must come with pain, but instead, that pain could arrive in the midst of joy and this fact scares us senseless. We would rather half live than risk encountering unspeakable pain at the core of indescribable delight.

We erroneously believe that being a perpetual emotional flatline is better than experiencing the highs and the lows of living.”
― Florence Witt, Say Yes: Answering the Invitation to Live an Authentic Life

“Don't think about doing it.
Just think about if you want to do it.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“There is no debate necessary about free will and destiny, about which one is more powerful and relevant. Actually, both are an integral part of your Life. Destiny is Life throwing situations at you. Free will is the choice you exercise in response. Consider this example. You are walking on the road on a rainy day and a motorist splashes muddy water on you while speeding past. Now, that’s a Life event, that’s destiny, happening to you, at a very trivial level. If you get angry, unhappy, frustrated and point your middle finger at the motorist, that’s free will. Or, after overcoming the shock, you shrug your shoulders before walking away quietly, that is free will too. So, in every situation in Life, destiny and free will interplay constantly. You can’t control Life, you can’t control destiny. And only one of your free will choices in a given situation can lead you to Happiness. Intelligent living is knowing what that choice is, and exercising it, every single time!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Sometimes you have to feel grateful for what you have, see the good, and only the good. We only have one life. One chance for happiness. And sometimes we forget that we can actually choose whether we want joy or cynicism. Let’s pick joy.”
― Jennifer Ryan, The spies of schilling lane: a novel

“Following your Bliss has this supernatural, superhuman, quality – it makes Creation speak through you.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Every second you spend on a road that does not make your soul happy will come to you like a thousand years!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“We try to hard. Try to be happy, successful and popular. Trying and striving creates the sense of not having enough, thus you can never have what you strive for.”
― Pelle Skogsberg

“It is not our level of prosperity that makes for happiness but the kinship of heart to heart and the way we look at the world. Both attitudes lie within our power, so that a man is happy so long as he chooses to be happy, and no one can stop him.”
― Alexander Solzhenitsyn, Cancer Ward

“We automatically allow what someone will say about us to make us unhappy when we allow what they have said about us to make us happy.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The main source of some poor people’s misery is, not their being poor, but some people’s not being poor.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The challenging thing with trying to fill our emptiness with things such as food, drugs, and alcohol is that our body is a leaky container.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Happiness is an inevitable result of embracing, and unhappiness that of rejecting, what is.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Friday your day and let the happiness shine through.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“If it wasn't for chocolate, my marshmallows would dance around naked.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Happiness is short lived when in the presence of arrogance and privilege. Do not sell your soul but rather, create equity in who owns it more than others, based on respect and sincere coalition.”
― Ryan W McClellan

“I have often seen this about Life…that when a door closes on you, when people reject you, when what you desperately want does not come to you despite your best efforts and prayers…all this happens only because you are meant to be walking through a different door, you are meant to be meeting other people and only because it is ordained that you receive something else, which you have not even imagined…that which is truly meant for you. So, don’t grieve when you don’t get what you want; what you want is immaterial…What Life believes you need is what you eventually, always, get!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“You get as much money as you are happy, and you prevent money from coming your way as much as you are unhappy.”
― Meir Ezra

“It's with such profound happiness. Such a hallelujah. Hallelujah, I shout, hallelujah merging with the darkest human howl of the pain of separation but a shout of diabolic joy. Because no one can hold me back now. I can still reason - I studied mathematics, which is the madness of reason - but now I want the plasma - I want to eat straight from the placenta. I am a little scared: scared of surrendering completely because the next instant is unknown. The next instant, do I make it? or does it make itself? We make it together with our breath. And with the flair of the bullfighter in the ring.”
― Clarice Lispector, The Stream of Life

“It's time that we shared the chocolate.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Don't die until you've tried our ice-cream.
At least then, you'll die with a smile on your face.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Being a wonderful parent will always be my highest achievement. This is what defines me, and remains forever the biggest part of me.”
― Ron Baratono

“No matter the challenge that you face in life, your joy and happiness cannot be touched except you allow it.”
― Dele Andersen

“You make every day perfect.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Conviction is an inside job. It is a very personal feeling. It is intuitive. You can’t explain it. Words will fail you. And it is your Bliss that fuels your conviction. Your Bliss will drive you to take decisions, make choices, convince people and it will draw you into its fold…into a beautiful, magical space where logic hardly matters or prevails!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“if you live a happy full life and spread love and kindness wherever you go, the naysayers will get drowned out by your light.”
― Jessica Marie Baumgartner, Walk Your Path: A Magical Awakening

“Garnet was very happy. She was so happy, for no especial reason, that she felt as if she must move carefully so she wouldn’t jar or shake the feeling of happiness. She descended from the roof cautiously, and walked with even steps down through the vegetable garden and across the pasture to the slough. A green light, tranquil and diffused, glowed among the willow saplings. The water was clear and motionless.
Garnet leaned against a tree. She was so quiet that a great blue heron, fancying itself alone, flew down between the branches and paused at the water’s edge. She watched the handsome creature, with his blue crest and slender long legs, wading and darting his bill into the water. She was so near that she could see the jewel color of his little eye. He stood for a contemplative moment on one foot, still as a bird of carven stone; and in that moment it seemed to Garnet that he had become her companion; a creature who understood and shared her mood of happiness. For a second or two they stood like that in perfect stillness: and then the heron spread his heavy wings and flew away.”
― Elizabeth Enright, Thimble Summer

“Life is always giving you messages. It is constantly sending you signs. It is inviting you to follow, to be led. If you have the humility and the stillness in you to listen to Life, you will find those messages seeping into you and those signs leading you onward to where you must and will eventually arrive!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Good things will happen when you decide to make your own happiness a priority.”
― Aurora Berill

“Our pursuit of happiness is an addiction to us and a cancer to our planet.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The embroiling algorithm of happiness may leave many people bewildered or lost in translation while they snubbingly fall back on the smartphone, as a shield against intrusions from the outer world. ("Even if the world goes down, my mobile will save me")”
― Erik Pevernagie

“Life gives us many challenges and between those challenges we have to learn to choose happiness. Happiness lies in little things of our lives like kindness, gratitude, learning new things, caring for all living beings on this planet. Life can become a beautiful journey with little effort.”
― Purvi Raniga

“I wake up one day and it’s twenty-plus years later, and here I am still. That’s getting left behind. And even then, you can have a decent life. You know why I’m still here? It’s because I’m content. Maybe even happy. I found my path. My life is simple. I wake up in the morning. I eat my Cheerios, drink my coffee, think my thoughts. I go home after work and sit on my back patio and pet my dog and listen to music and myself breathing. It feels good to be alive and exist. Most things haven’t worked out for me - especially love - but that’s all right. I’m not as pretty as I used to be. More of my life’s behind me than in front of me. Who knows how many years I took off it while I was partying. But I’m a lot healthier now, if you can believe it.
“I get lonely sometimes, but so does everyone else. We’re all looking for some sort of salvation in something sometimes we try to find it in people. We find out salvation, and it slips through our fingers. We find it again. We get left behind. Living is hurting, but I’ll take living over the alternative any day. Consciousness is a marvelous gift. It took almost dying to make me realize that. Hell, I’m just rambling now. Anyway, having said all this, you did not get left behind.”
― Jeff Zentner, Rayne & Delilah's Midnite Matinee

“It doesn’t matter if I am short or tall. You see it doesn’t matter at all. See what I missed looking at was my heart, the one solid thing that has been in my life since the start.”
― Positively Sherry

“Intelligent living is not about applying your human intelligence, your cleverness, to your Life. It is about living intelligently, it is about choosing wisely on what, how, where, and why to invest your time and energy! You know you are going to die some day, so, do only what is worth it, what is worth your time and effort, and what gives you unadulterated, unparalleled, indescribable joy, a.k.a your Bliss!!!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Pursuing happiness comes with being pursued by unhappiness.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“For our happiness or unhappiness, we have only what we think about something or someone to thank or blame.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Live each day as if you were going to die that night.”
― Marty Rubin

“People shouldn't question their desires. They should do what makes them happy.”
― Marty Rubin

“I’ve learnt that the best thing you can do for someone you love is make them understand their happiness should never be dependent on yours.”
― Nitya Prakash

“To change yourself on behalf of another human being, is to truly evaporate the person that you are. You will become a shell of hollow smiles, vacant eyes and an arrested soul. Don't be the filling for someone else's cupcake. You be your own self. Be your own sweetness. Don't be the empty vessel that anybody that comes along in your life can use to change who you are. Of course, there is always room for improvement. But, we hold the hammer and chisel. And, not anyone else. Carve out the person you NEED to be. Not the person somebody may WANT you to be. In the end, you might just find that the angels above think you are swell enough, just as you are. - A.H. Scott 1/19/12

#NYC #quotes #authenticity #happiness #character #self-love”
― A.H. Scott

“Setting a tech charter is going to be one of the most effective ways to create a habitat for happiness.”
― Amy Blankson

“He thought of Nora's idea of time travel. What a horrible kind of travel, that took you only forward into the terrifying future, constantly farther from whatever had once made you happy. Only maybe that wasn't what she'd meant. Maybe she meant the older you got, the more decades you had at your disposal to revisit with your eyes closed.”
― Rebecca Makkai, The Great Believers

“A feeling so alien persisted inside him. He searched for a word to describe it. The nearest word he could come up with was elation. He was full of immeasurable joy because she was simply there. She was near him, breathing the air he breathes, treading the very ground on which he walks. She was with him, on this island, in this very moment. And somehow, it gave him the most amazing kind of peace.”
― Mayumi Cruz, It's Not Just Semantics: A Banterful Romance

“Life will always come up with three demands: 1. Asking for your time to be invested in what you love doing 2. Asking you to urgently focus on what you don't like doing (sometimes what you intensely dislike) but stuff which is unavoidable and important 3. Asking you to try and keep doing multiple stuff that definitely interest you, excite you, but are not your Bliss...they are likeable stuff, but not exactly loveable stuff. Often times, you end up constantly responding to Demands 2 & 3 - 2, because they are non-negotiable and 3, because they are enticing, seductive, also financially rewarding. Now, if you did not have an idea about what you love, what your Bliss is, what your Purpose in Life is, you can dabble in 2 & 3, until you have your "1 Zone" clearly defined. But if you have a clear idea of 1, stay with 1 & 2. Make Demand 1 your non-negotiable too. You will live happily ever after!!!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“But men like my father didn’t seem to exist in my generation. So here I was, seven years later, The Happy Hinter, popular blogger, columnist and author. No one needed to know this hinter hadn’t always been happy.”
― Teresa Trent, A Dash of Murder

“To establish peace in this world, we must set ourselves free from the mentality of supremacy, No religion is great than other, no region great than other, no nation is great than other, no language is great than other, no culture is great than other.
Mutual respect and love for each and every nation, religion, region, culture, and language.”
― Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"

“Success isn't what makes you happy. It really isn't. Success is doing what makes you happy and doing good work and hopefully having a fruitful life. If I've felt like I've done good work, that makes me happy.”
― Philip Seymour Hoffman

“I will find my peace and happiness through seeking truth, wisdom, and love, and not by chasing thrills, wealth, titles, or fame.”
― Mark Divine, The Way of SEAL: Think Like an Elite Warrior to Lead and Succeed

“Busyness” is not doing many, many things. It is not about being busy and not having enough time on your hands. It is about inflicting a lot of activity upon yourself without a sense of Purpose, without mindfulness, without understanding what matters most in your Life and why! "Busyness" leaves you constantly struggling, suffering, harried and unhappy.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Because I am, I am happy wherever I am.”
― Marty Rubin

“Happiness is quality time with friends and family. Incorporate hygge into everyday life.”
― Jessica Joelle Alexander, The Danish Way of Parenting: What the Happiest People in the World Know About Raising Confident, Capable Kids

“and how can you be happy when you can find satisfaction at any moment? It is not in pleasure that happiness consists, it is in desire – it is in breaking the chains that hold back this desire;”
― Marquis de Sade, The 120 Days of Sodom

“I wouldn’t listen. I wanted everything to stay as it was. I was more afraid of the truth than the lie. The truth would change the circumstances of my life. The lie was static. The lie was peaceful. I was happy with the lie.”
― Liz Moore, Long Bright River

“The secret to happiness is Art.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“Laser-sharp focus, discipline, deciding what not to do and what you will never do, besides choosing to do what you love doing, these are the tenets of intelligent living and hold the key to your being stress-free and happy!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Do you find your Bliss or does your Bliss find you? When you step out of the earning-a-living or economic circle of your Life, when you are willing to allow Life to lead you, your Bliss will come calling. It will come back, again and again, whenever you step out of the earning-a-living circle…until you embrace it, until your make your Bliss your Life! This is an irrefutable truth, this is how Life works!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Do you find your Bliss or does your Bliss find you? When you step out of the earning-a-living or economic circle of your Life, when you are willing to allow Life to lead you, your Bliss will come calling. It will come back, again and again, whenever you step out of the earning-a-living circle…until you embrace it, until you make your Bliss your Life! This is an irrefutable truth, this is how Life works!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Sometimes instead of wandering through someone else's forest, nurture your own trees and find happiness within.”
― Nitya Prakash, Happiness is in You!: The Book of Quotes

“Ich freu' mich wenn die Sonne lacht!”
― Rainbow Harvest

“in pursuit of human happiness we have turned this planet into a bonfire and people aren't even happy”
― Sadhguru

“What you have , is blessing of others !!
But what you want, is the blessing that you must give to yourself"

~ Skv”
― Sudhir K V

“The most important question of all questions is: what is real happiness? And how do I achieve real happiness? Real happiness has nothing to do with money, power, position, ambition or success. Real happiness is a totally different dimension. Real happiness has to do with your consciousness, not your character. Real happiness is to not be dependent on outer sources to love and happiness. You have to learn to be happy.”
― Swami Dhyan Giten

“I put flower buds in a lot of little bottles around the house so I can see the blossoms open everywhere.”
― James Patterson, Sam's Letters to Jennifer

“We are all a product of our experiences, of what happens to us, of what we go through. We make choices, we stumble, we fall, we endure pain, we go through intense strife, suffering and yet, eventually, we do awaken to what we believe is a greater understanding of Life. Each of us is a miracle in that sense – it is indeed a miracle that we have survived what we have been through! Clearly, I wouldn't be able to do what I am doing, or even say this with so much conviction, without going through what I have gone through. This is so true for you too. Isn't it a miracle that Life curates such unique experiences to help us be who we are, to do what we do, so people may learn and benefit from each of us, one way or the other?”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Sometimes you get so high on life only because you truly know what it’s like to live from the bottom of the barrel.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Alec’s friends were gathered all around him, and his family, and it was
one of those moments when he remembered the desperate loneliness of
when he was younger, hopelessly torn between fearing for what he might
never have, and what he might lose. Alec secured his hold on Magnus’s
waist and felt a small incredulous starburst of happiness in his chest: that
he could have all this.”
― Cassandra Clare

“The dark ending does not cancel out
the brightness of the middle.
Your day of greatest joy cannot be dimmed by any shame.”
― Tony Hoagland

“Happiness is harmony.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Tha harmony of soul with the spirit, makes a happy heart.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Happiness lies in the heart of humanity.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A baby paints our life with pretty colors. A baby fills our life with happiness to share.”
― ApolloM

“A baby replaces your profile picture and needs with hers, and you find your happiness in her smile.”
― ApolloM

“I just wanted to let you know, baby, you're my love, my joy, my happiness and the definition of life itself.”
― ApolloM

“A baby is a gift from the universe to continue to fill the world with love, joy, laughter and precious happiness.”
― ApolloM

“The greatest happiness is where baby smiles fill the air.”
― ApolloM

“The key to Happiness is dropping all your wants. Even "wanting to be happy" is an expectation that can cause you so much anxiety and unhappiness. Just being, embracing what is, chipping away at what you can do in a given context, and doing what you love doing, will suffice to live a full, meaningful, Life. Clearly Happiness cannot, and must not, be pursued; simply being, consistently just being, at some point in your journey, upon reflection, will reveal to you that it is a great quality to have lived/live Life by.”
― avis viswanathan

“I think the rampant individualism of our current culture is a catastrophe. The emphasis on self—individual success, self-fulfillment, individual freedom, self-actualization—is a catastrophe.”
― David Brooks, The Second Mountain: The Quest for a Moral Life

“Unhappiness is best and often concealed with a smile; jealousy, with a compliment.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“We make life even more painful by having expectations and preferences.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I felt so damn happy all of sudden, the way old Phoebe kept going around and around. I was damn near bawling, I felt so damn happy, if you want to know the truth. I don't know why. It was just that she looked so damn nice, the way she kept going around and around, in her blue coat and all. God, I wish you could've been there.”
― J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

“Tomorrow is a prediction, all you have is now, let go of what you can't control.”
― Sara Keddar

“If a purpose is to be assigned to Life, it should be Living.”
― Anand Damani

“Happiness is when you're singing lullabies as you watch your baby fall asleep.”
― ApolloM

“What you seek is what you already have. It is all a mindgame, this Life...flow with it, it is beautiful despite its imperfections!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“It is the effects on the world of successful active germ-line replicators that we see as adaptations.”
― Richard Dawkins, The Extended Phenotype: The Long Reach of the Gene

“Wish to Dive into an Ocean of Dreams & Come up with Neverending Happiness!”
― Somya Kedia

“Sorrows are my True Friends, & so is Happiness.
Sorrows don't let go off me & Happiness I don't let go off!”
― Somya Kedia

“Purpose of life must be to keep uplifting the happiness quotient , because then , rest all will be done automatically by your happy mind !!!”
― Sudhir K V

“When you follow your Bliss, magic happens. Life speaks through you and everything you do is art, everything you do touches people, and every offering of yours makes the world a better place.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Make 2020 the year that you want to remember.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Happy New Year

May this year allow you to start fresh with a new way of thinking, as the silent current in your mind begins and ends your days. May you feel your faith in your heart, and may Jesus Christ always led your steps down the path of sunshine, and happiness. Amen.”
― Ron Baratono

“May the seeds of love you plant today, grow into the tree of happiness you enjoy tomorrow.”
― Jeffrey Fry

“The old antiques dealer whispers to him that the secret of freedom and happiness lies in self-control and in a marriage between knowledge, will and power.”
― Tariq Ramadan, The Quest for Meaning: Developing a Philosophy of Pluralism

“He felt every day more and more certain that she, and she alone, could make him happy.”
― Elizabeth Gaskell, Wives and Daughters

“Music is about time,' I told her. 'It is about controlling time.'
When she stopped playing, she looked thoughtful for a moment and said something like, 'I sometimes want to stop time. I sometimes want, in a happy moment, for a church bell never to ring again. I want not to ever have to go to the marker again. I want for the starlings to stop flying in the sky... But we are all at the mercy of time. We are all the strings, aren't we?”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“Nobody must be distracted in this fight for life, because out of all values, the most important one is life itself.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, Share the Light

“Sal and Henry return with a gust of warm garden air and I settle down to create miniature roses from sugarpaste using tiny ivory spatulas and crimpers. I will have no antique tester bed crowning my cake, only a posy of flowers: symbols of beauty and growth, each year new-blossoming. I let Henry paint the broken pieces with spinach juice, while I tint my flowers with cochineal and yellow gum. As a pretty device I paint a ladybird on a rose, and think it finer than Sèvres porcelain.
At ten o'clock tomorrow, I will marry John Francis at St. Mark's Church, across the square. As Sal and I rehearse our plans for the day, pleasurable anticipation bubbles inside me like fizzing wine. We will return from church for this bride cake in the parlor, then take a simple wedding breakfast of hot buttered rolls, ham, cold chicken, and fruit, on the silver in the dining room. Nan has sent me a Yorkshire Game Pie, so crusted with wedding figures of wheatsheafs and blossoms it truly looks too good to eat. We have invited few guests, for I want no great show, and instead will have bread and beef sent to feed the poor. And at two o'clock, we will leave with Henry for a much anticipated holiday by the sea, at Sandhills, on the southern coast. John Francis has promised Henry he might try sea-bathing, while I have bought stocks of cerulean blue and burnt umber to attempt to catch the sea and sky in watercolor.”
― Martine Bailey, A Taste for Nightshade

“Every experience that you go through is part of the process of the unfolding of your myth. If you sit back and reflect on your own 2019, on how Life dealt with you this year, you will see how every upheaval, every scar in your Life, is precious in its own way. You will realize how you have emerged stronger and wiser from each experience you have been through. You will be amazed at how you have learnt to cope, how you have moved on this year too, just as you have done, all your Life. This is why it is pointless to label a year as good or bad (or ugly). A set of events simply happened to you this past year. And another set will happen in the year coming up. So, instead of over-analyzing and labeling the year gone by, embrace what is, and train your mind to be non-worrying, non-frustrated and non-suffering. This holds the key to your Happiness.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Never regret not being able to realize certain things in your life. You are who you are now, partly because of these things, and if you are satisfied with your existence now, there is no need to feel sad about past. Maybe even a small difference in the past could make you feel displeased now. The same is true with regard to the future. You are going to be someone, partly because you cannot achieve all of your goals now, and nobody can know if these achievement can make us happy or cause suffering in the future.”
― Elmar Hussein

“In spite of all the hate and unhappiness and ignorance in the world, some things were just good no matter how you looked at it.”
― Jennifer Erin Valent, Cottonwood Whispers

“Whatever wrong turns you've taken in life you can always start over and find your way back to happiness.”
― Marty Rubin

“The end of seeking is happiness. Happiness is enjoying what's there.”
― Marty Rubin

“If you must really change yourself, if you must really transform personally, you must feel that urge from within you. Any attempt at “merely wanting to change”, will be yet another resolution that will soon be broken and discarded, forgotten. And for the need to change to arise from within you, please spend quality time looking at the futility of clinging on to all those factors, those excuses you give yourself, that hold you back from changing. Once you understand the futility of clinging on to your self-limiting beliefs, you will change – your current realities and your Life – in ways in which you can’t even fathom just now!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Here was happiness; not my drum, to be sure, just an ersatz, but there is also a thing as arsatz happiness, perhaps happiness is an ersatz for happiness.”
― Günter Grass, The Tin Drum

“Claire's memory flashed to their wedding day, to her vibrant happiness. To Kirk's loving hand around her, steadying her as they stood in front of the church full of people. To her, that day had beenperfect, despite the rain, the mix-up about flowers, her father's rambling speech. She and Kirk had been in love. They truly had.


And now he'd fallen in love with someone else. Their marriage had ended after just twelve years. The ramifications crashed through her mind. She was going to be on her own, raising three children. Would she have to go back to work? Put the girls in after-school care? Then in seven months…


Oh, God. What was she going to do?”
― C J Carmichael

“Sin, in being contrary to God, is contrary to man, for what crosses God’s glory is opposed to man’s happiness.”
― Ralph Venning, The Sinfulness of Sin

“If you are self-aware of what you are going through, you would be in a better position to understand others, and affect people around you.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“I wonder why happiness always seems so fragile”
― Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise

“The mind is the source of all suffering, and the source of all happiness.”
― Jordan Hoechlin

“You are born untouched by worldliness. Live
untouched. And go away untouched. Success and failure are both worldly labels, they are imposters. Don’t let them get to you.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Everyone gets an ending. Whether or not it's happy is up to them.”
― Stephen Chbosky, Imaginary Friend

“Here was happiness; not my drum, to be sure, just an ersatz, but there is also a thing as ersatz happiness, perhaps happiness exists only as an ersatz, perhaps all happiness is an ersatz for happiness.”
― Günter Grass, The Tin Drum

“Müşterilerimden biri, mutluluğu bir kibritin alevine benzetmişti. "Ya esen bir rüzgâr söndürür, ya siz üflersiniz, ya da sonuna kadar yanıp, kendiliğinden söner" dediğini hatırlıyorum. Kibritin alevi önünde sonunda söner ama, başka bir kibrit yakma şansınız daima vardır.”
― Yeşim Türköz, Büyü Dükkanı

“We are so addicted to and desperate for happiness that we are often happy for other people.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Happiness: the end of seeking. Happiness: enjoying what's there.”
― Marty Rubin

“They assume my status is binary: either I'm a joyous triumph, or I'm a miserable wretch. They recognize no spectrum, only two states of being: happy and unhappy. But I've never felt 'happy.' I've felt joy. I've felt bliss. But those feelings are ephemeral. Being 'happy' implies permanence. It implies you completed all the prerequisites. And now you get to sit atop of your giant pile of happy, forever.”
― The Oatmeal, How to Be Perfectly Unhappy

“The untrained human mind is like an untrained dog. It is constantly pulling at the leash. It will run amok. And the dog's master is only reacting; they are never in control. Similarly, when your mind is untrained, you are never in control. The untrained mind will constantly pull you in a zillion directions. It will mix up unrelated issues/contexts/situations and paint horrible worst-case scenarios that are yet to/may never happen. Thoughts of worthlessness, what-if, anger, grief, guilt, cluelessness, fear, stress, anxiety...all of these are a function of the untrained mind. Your untrained mind is the only villain in your Life – not people, not events, not destiny, not fate...the truth is the mind cannot thrive in the now, it becomes powerless; so, it runs back into the dead past or races forward into the unborn future. Which is why you must use your Life experiences, such as the one you are going through right now, and train your mind to be in the present, in the moment. In the now, you are in control. When you are in control, you simply are. You are happy!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Humanity should eliminate processes that base one’s happiness in another’s unhappiness. Moral people follow this direction, but there are still people with malicious intentions that must change.”
― Maria Karvouni

“It's the rose in my garden that makes my life so special.
And you are my rose.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Happiness. The enemy of all suffering.”
― Rebecca Serle, In Five Years

“The practice of living in Spirit is like polishing a stone. No matter how rough the stone may have been, with perseverance and gentle care it will eventually shine, revealing the inner beauty and divine essence which was there all along. Within each of us lies a heavenly gem, waiting patiently for us beneath the surface of our conditioning. It is ready to be handled with our loving kindness that it may again shine radiantly and majestically, in harmony with all things in this grand and mysterious world.”
― James K. Papp, Inquire Within: A Guide to Living in Spirit

“Trying to be happy all the time is the reason of your sadness.”
― Nitya Prakash

“The discipline of joy is about survival.
You make your own joy-
this is the work my mother taught me.
Little factory, little mine of reminders-
find, make, joy to sustain multiple life-
times: the blanket made beautiful
from patterned found scraps;
the broth of tap water and ginger and bones.
What fullness my mother earned
and could stuff inside an envelope
to send each month back home.”
― Michelle Peñaloza, Former Possessions of the Spanish Empire

“Life is a Festival of celebration.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Life is a Festival which should be celebrated every day.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Much misery in caused in relationships by the expectation that the other person can and should be a personal provider of good for us. This expectation brings an endless array of problems and is one which we need to outgrow as individuals who are seeking freedom from the troubles of the human condition. No person is able to give what only divine Love can give. Relationships, of their own power, cannot give us the love and happiness that really have a Divine, not human, origin. We don’t ask from other people what only God can supply.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Being Loving

“One's survival in this world is largely dependent on others but one's happiness is solely dependent on oneself.”
― Marty Rubin

“I wondered — and I finally reached the conclusion that the Lebanese was a man who was in love with life, and that his carefree, enormous laugh— head thrown back, eyes closed in a grimace of mirth — celebrated a perfect, a total understanding between the two, an agreement which nothing ever managed to disturb: happiness, in fact. A beautiful affair: life and Habib were inseparable.”
― Romain Gary, The Roots of Heaven

“Because it's raining where you are doesn't mean the sun isn't shining somewhere else.”
― Marty Rubin

“The truth is that this Life is a miracle, every moment you are alive is a miracle…the sunrise, the sunset, the dew drop, the moon, the stars, the birds chirping…every thing, and everyone, around you is a miracle. But you miss these everyday miracles because you are steeped in grief, in pining for what is over, what is dead and isn’t there or you are gripped by anxiety and fear, worrying about the unborn future, about what is still to arrive. You are so consumed by imagining that your Life is one endless saga of problems that you don’t see the magic and beauty of your Life, of your miracles. In fact, this human form you have is a miracle; despite your frailties, your circumstances and your vulnerabilities, “you are the miracle you seek”!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Sometimes life does not give us every thing that we want. But then that is what life is all about. You can't have happiness all the time. And neither can you have sadness all the time. But you can create a symphony out of happiness and sadness!”
― Avijeet Das

“Nothing travels faster than happiness. Your wishes can reach India to America within a few seconds.”
― Nitya Prakash

“You can be angry that someone did not flush the toilet, or be glad that they have relieved themselves into it.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I walked into a hotel & after going the menu, I ordered some food.

After about 20mins a group of guys walked in & ordered theirs. To my dismay, these folks got served first.

I even overhead one of them bragging about how he's connected to everyone in the hotel.

Unable to take it anymore, I called the waiter.

He calmly told me, "Urs is a special order, being prepared by the chief chef himself".

Theirs orders were prepared hurriedly by novices because the top chefs are busy with yours.

I calmed down & waited patiently.

Shortly after, my meal was served by 6 waiters.

Unknown to me, the owner (who happened to be a long lost friend) saw me when I entered and decided to surprise me.

She changed my simple meal to a five-star meal.

The party at the other table were shocked.

Such is life !

Some people are ahead of you, eating now, laughing at you, talking about how they are smarter, wiser and better than you, how they are well connected, blessed, have money and are enjoying life.

You are waiting tirelessly wondering why its taking so long to breakthrough, you endured mockery and humiliation.

Don't you worry!

Yours is a special meal. It takes time to prepare.
Wait and relax.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Imagination brings everything to life.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Make this week smile.
Happy Monday.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“What will man see when all the dreams are gone?”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Forgiving

When we forgive all the time, it's not about accepting what the other person says as the truth. It's about making ourselves whole.
And that's what life is all about.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“To be sure, there is no method, no single way, to anchor in Faith and employ Patience. Letting go, trusting the process of Life and living with Faith and Patience, is the way. Living through our crippling bankruptcy for over 12 years now, Vaani and I have realized that Faith does not always solve our problems immediately. But having Faith in the process of Life – that what goes around, comes around; that what goes up will come down some day, only to go back up another day – certainly helps us to cope with our problems better. Keeping the Faith also teaches us Patience. Unless you embrace these twin philosophies, and live practising them together, you will not see the miracles in your everyday Life.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Freedom with happiness is like a winter sun: it give light but no warmth.”
― Marty Rubin

“The gambler who expects to lose is the happiest person at the track.”
― Marty Rubin

“What a betrayal of life, of sense, to choose hate over love, suffering over happiness.”
― Marty Rubin

“The surest way to be unhappy is to wait for something or somebody to make you happy.”
― Marty Rubin

“Why aren't you happy just to be alive?”
― Marty Rubin

“Never forget that feeling fantastic is a massive magnet for summoning more magic.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Everything that's happening to you, to me, to us, is part of an inscrutable Master Plan. And that grand design is not flawed! Everything is the way it should be and is going exactly per that Plan! And today is always better than yesterday. At least your ability to deal with what you are faced with has improved with one more day's effort of dealing with it.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“If we learn not to grab, insist, manipulate, or force then the precious moments have more chance of just appearing, usually when we are not looking. They may even stay a little longer, if we do not grasp onto them insisting that they do not move. With practice, consistency, and commitment to the evolution of the partnership, something beautiful and meaningful has a chance of evolving.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“Happiness exists, but not the conditions of happiness.”
― Marty Rubin

“A year can really, truly, be filled with Happiness! No matter what you are faced with, if you don’t complicate your Life with human ideas – if you don’t bring up your expectations, if you don’t analyze what you want and what you deserve and instead humbly accept what you are given – you will be happy!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“A feeling of calm always fell over her like a cloak of happiness settling on her shoulders when she entered her father’s woods. Tall trees welcomed her under their canopy, offering her protection, while a carpet of yellow lesser celandine, with their shiny star-like flowers and dark green heart-shaped leaves, tickled her ankles as she walked amongst them.”
― Ellen Read, The Treasure

“My body is here but my soul denies.”
― Izabell Key, Shadow Ballet- Betrayal

“It was a condensed explanation, but I came to understand him to mean you could stop at, not all, but most of the moments of your life, stop for one heartbeat and, no matter what the state of your head or heart, say This is happiness, because of the simple truth that you were alive to say it.”
― Niall Williams, This Is Happiness

“The secret of being happy is not longing for it!” ”
― Ramana Pemmaraju

“Only two unhappy people can be happy with each other, because they are dependent on the 'other' for happiness. Only an INDIVIDUAL relishes in his own presence, the 'other' is a hindrance to his freedom. He doesn't fit with the society, he stands out from the mediocre, he lives in 'totality' and celebrates in aloneness.”
― Ramana Pemmaraju

“It is a misconception that a client comes into therapy for happiness. More accurately, they come into therapy for a movement in a direction where life becomes more sustainable, enjoyable, less painful. This is not the same as happiness. It could, for instance, make a client very happy to ritualistically cut their wrists. The definition of happiness is so broad that it is almost meaningless. What has more objective truth to it is that the client comes to therapy for a change.”
― Eliot Rosenstock, Zizek in the Clinic: A Revolutionary Proposal for a New Endgame in Psychotherapy

“Perhaps, there was something missing in me, a lack of empathy without which even love and happiness are merely a part of that struggle toward championship.”
― Romain Gary, Au-delà de cette limite votre ticket n'est plus valable

“To 'live', to be truly alive, it is not enough simply to breathe, to suffer, nor even to be happy; life is a secret that cannot be discovered on one’s own. True living is done in pairs.”
― Romain Gary, Au-delà de cette limite votre ticket n'est plus valable

“My love, I caught sight of you a few moments ago, deep in conversation with a very sober-looking man, and I thought here is a bureaucrat sent by Reality to demand a full accounting, to investigate us on suspicion of fraud... on suspicion of being happy. Yes, there is something scandalous, something privileged and elitist about our love, because two people happily in love always turn their backs on the world; and so I am afraid. (From Laura’s note).”
― Romain Gary, Au-delà de cette limite votre ticket n'est plus valable

“Slowly I felt flooded with that agonizing and poignant confusion that surely comes to all aging men experiencing their first adolescent love. I had no great wish to go on living; what was the point of a flawed happiness. According to Bonnard, the hardest moment of all is when the artist longs to keep on but he’s conscience tells him that one brushstroke more will spoil the entire painting. And man has to know when to stop.”
― Romain Gary

“The dominant strain of the twentieth century, whether emanating from Marx or Freud, has been self-awareness; we have lost the art of forgetting ourselves. Which means we have little chance of being happy, since so much of happiness consists of inner peace; of playing ostrich, in fact. To say nothing of the fact that all this psychological self-consciousness is rather vulgar...”
― Romain Gary, Au-delà de cette limite votre ticket n'est plus valable

“Laura is adorable, father. But she is made for enjoyment of life, for gaiety, happiness. You must realize that these are not the qualities upon which one can found a family...”
― Romain Gary, Au-delà de cette limite votre ticket n'est plus valable

“All colors go together,”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Love keeps on shining no matter what time of the day or night.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Celebrate Friday by celebrating life.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“I think we receive a great deal what we expect in this world.
-Laura Ingalls Wilder”
― Caroline Fraser, Prairie Fires: The American Dreams of Laura Ingalls Wilder

“Create an environment that fosters the creative genius within you!” ”
― Ramana Pemmaraju

“Religious people, West and East, have always tended to feel that there is a mysterious power of life in everything. In most forms of religions, the appearance of darkness and pain and death is overcome by the glorious light of goodness you have tasted in the wisdom meditation that discovers the open space-like freedom concentration. What Jews, Christians, Muslims, and Hindus call „God“, or sometimes „Godhead“, is a force of reality much like the infinite ocean-body of living joy that the great enlightened meditators experience. When a believer asserts unshakable faith in the face of the worst experience or apparent reality, she or he is reaching for connection to the deepest awareness of infinite living energy. Enlightened people do not see this boundlessness as something other than themselves. They experience themselves as one with all gods and all other beings, and they consider us all capable of becoming fully aware of our own freedom and happiness. Faith in such a possibility is a good place to begin this journey to liberation; it encourages us to set forth. But we all can move beyond faith to direct experience and full knowledge of our true state. (p. 75)”
― Robert A.F. Thurman, Infinite Life

“When you do good things for people, you’ve created something to cherish and bank on the memory wall. But if there are no good deeds, later in life when you reflect on the past, the halls will be dreary and fruitless.”
― Anthony Liccione

“You have arrived when you are so happy being you, that you don’t even think about being anybody else – especially the you that you were yesterday…”
― Daniel Mangena

“When your shadow falls on my body, I feel sunshine hitting my heart.”
― Izabell Key, Shadow Ballet- Betrayal

“Your words sound like happiness. I am scared."
"Why? I don`t understand. Who would be scared of being happy?"
"The ones who never tasted happiness.”
― Izabell Key, Shadow Ballet- Betrayal

“If you have a dream, you feed it, grow it up, and take care of it as the apple of your eye."
"Why?"
"Because sometimes it is all you have.”
― Izabell Key

“There is a child trapped in your eyes! I see."
"How do you know that is not yours` reflection?"
"I do not know.”
― Izabell Key, Shadow Ballet- Betrayal

“If a man uses his gift, he will be glad.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I can't imagine what a happy home is like: parents cuddling and laughing, music playing, books on the shelves, discussions round the table? We don’t have any of that, but if Mum’s happy, I’m happy.”
― Viv Albertine, Clothes, Clothes, Clothes. Music, Music, Music. Boys, Boys, Boys

“And then she was gone. She made him realise that moments of happiness are fleeting.”
― Avijeet Das

“Our education system teaches about linearity, not about what to do when this linear pattern breaks, not where to look for resilience, not the art of recovery from disruption." - Holistic Wealth: 32 Life Lessons To Help You Find Purpose, Prosperity and Happiness.”
― Keisha Blair, Holistic Wealth: 32 Life Lessons to Help You Find Purpose, Prosperity, and Happiness

“I've never been more right about anything in my life. The only way I can think to say it is that you are better than I thought people could be; I am happier than I thought people could be.”
― Lindy West, Shrill: Notes from a Loud Woman

“At last there is an unknown element back in my life. This is how it used to be. This is how I used to do things before the eighties and jobs and money and careers and Thatcher and marriage and mortgages. I was spontaneous, free, even reckless. Things often didn’t work out, but I felt alive. Painfully alive. For the last few years I’ve been feeling painfully dead. That drive, that lust for life that everyone expects you to have after surviving cancer, well it took ten years to arrive, but here it is. I don’t care what anyone thinks of me any more, I’m going to live life to the full, starting with New York.”
― Viv Albertine, Clothes, Clothes, Clothes. Music, Music, Music. Boys, Boys, Boys

“Happiness is like water. Remove all obstacles and it’ll come rushing in. Or it’ll wear away at them slowly and get the last laugh in the end . . . Because ecstasy is our destiny.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Intelligent living simply means recognizing the perishable nature of Life and choosing not to postpone Happiness. It means focusing only on what matters most to you, on what you love doing. A simple beginning can be made by investing in your “Me Time”, in one hour on yourself daily – start with your health and with what you are deeply passionate about, what makes you come alive! When you do create that one hour for yourself, you will, magically, see how you gain control of the remaining 23 hours of the day!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Sometimes the best way to deal with a broken family is to leave its members to be at peace within their own broken worlds. When each one is at peace with who they are, with the problems they are dealing with and are not sure of the way forward, then letting things be, just be, is a sane option. At least each one is individually at peace. And that’s no small miracle! People being born into a family does not necessarily ensure that they stay together. It takes trust and transparency to build and nurture families. When these values cease to exist, merely coming together under a roof is a lie. It achieves no purpose!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“If it is meant for you, it will come to you. It will find you and reach you. So, don’t despair when, despite your best intention and effort, something does not happen the way you envisioned it and planned it. Take it easy. Of course, you have every right to have an intention, put forth a plan and execute it, but you have no right to insist that just because you did all that you must get what you want. The outcomes are never in your hand. The idea that you deserve something is what you have grown within you. So, drop that idea. Just do your bit, and do it well, in any situation. And leave the results, the outcomes, to Life. If you must get it, you will. When you do, be grateful for Life’s compassion. When you don’t, be accepting of Life’s verdict.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Truly, if there is any substantial meaning that is allotted to human existence, it must rest on a moral universe, on being a good person; because nothing of value can be extracted from a world which is through and through Not-self.”
― Armando S. Garcia, Every Drop of Water and Every Grain of Salt on the Way to Authentic Happiness

“The ability to “take Life as it comes” is a blessing. This wisdom can only come from having experienced pain and from understanding the power of acceptance.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“No one has to be a martyr. On the contrary, everyone should be entirely selfish; not selfish in the normal sense of the word but selfish in the way of knowing that the spiritual path means we value everything which adds to our own well-being. When we love, we live with connectedness. When we forgive, we feel stress-free. When we create, we live with inspiration. When we follow our inner direction, we feel alive. Is that even a choice?”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“It's nonsensical the way you tickle my ventricles and use many magical mirrors to show me I'm identical to everything that's invincible.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Pain is not a monster that is out to annihilate you as is popularly believed. Pain is a great teacher. While you can’t avoid pain, it teaches you, through your acceptance of any Life situation, that suffering is optional; that there is a lot of Life during and after a crisis. Truly, acceptance of a painful situation is the only way to deal with it.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Over time I have realized that having an honest conversation over a complex issue with someone is never difficult provided you are given an equal opportunity to present your views. Which is, as long as there is dignity and decorum between the parties concerned, the conversation is relevant and possible. You state what you have to. They state what they have to. You may both agree or disagree but both parties respect each other’s points of view and stay focused on resolving the issue on hand. But the moment someone tries to demonstrate power or is being deceitful, the conversation has lost its purpose. Then you must simply leave the conversation. There is no point in trying to counter the other party’s machinations while ruining your inner peace. Sometimes, the best way to make an important point is not to say anything at all.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“What is love if not the desire for another's happiness?”
― Marty Rubin

“To be happy for the happiness of others, that is true generosity.”
― Marty Rubin

“You’re doing your 30s right if creating wealth gives you more happiness than enjoying wealth.”
― Nitya Prakash

“I no longer felt alone and it gave me, not strength, but a sweet sensation of happiness, though I knew sadness was lurking not far off, because all being arises from nonbeing, and everything that exists derives from its opposite.”
― Bohumil Hrabal, All My Cats

“I never make plans; that would make my happiness dependent on the future. I simply live.”
― Marty Rubin

“You are unlikely to find the perfect Life that you want. Even so, you can live fully with what you have, with what you have been given. And you do that by looking Life squarely in the eye, by facing it and by accepting what is, by learning to be happy despite the circumstances.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Not reacting with anger, but responding with compassion and equanimity, is a personal choice. Particularly so, in an explosive situation, when someone is provoking you, by trampling all over your self-esteem. How can you employ compassion when someone is spewing venom? Well, if you observe their behavior closely, someone causing you pain and anguish is actually suffering a lot within themselves. Their thoughts and actions are only reflecting their distressed state of mind. They surely know not what they are doing. So, respond – don’t react – with compassion. Ahimsa is not just non-violent action. It includes non-violent thought as well. Respond with ahimsa – that’s the best way to disarm your ‘opponent’! When you leave the other party guessing, as to why you are not striking back, you have won the battle without even fighting it. Isn’t that a great way to be protect your inner peace and profit from it?”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Life’s intrinsic nature is magical and beautiful. But you will discover that magic and beauty only when you learn to embrace pain. Now, you can’t negotiate with pain – it comes unannounced and uninvited; you can’t postpone it either. So, you simply have to accept it. When you embrace pain, Life reveals its true Self to you – of how compassionate it is, giving you what you need most – including your pain – so that you can grow and evolve. So that you learn to be happy despite your circumstances. So that you live fully, happily, with what is…”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Sit calmly. Take a few moments out for yourself. Look at your own Life dispassionately. And reflect on these perspectives: Is there any point in worrying; do you think you can solve any of your problems by worrying about them? Is there any point in being frustrated and angry about the way your Life has turned out to be; is there any point holding yourself or others for what has happened? Is there any point in asking Life “why” or “why me”; are you even likely to get any answers from asking Life questions? When you realize the futility of worrying, frustration and suffering, you will learn to let go and trust the process of Life. That is when you will be truly happy despite your circumstances.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“The country now has the second highest GDP per capita in the world after Luxembourg, and Luxembourg is hardly a proper country.”
― Michael Booth, The Almost Nearly Perfect People: Behind the Myth of the Scandinavian Utopia

“love what is before you, and you will find happily ever after”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Simplique Impressionist Photography and Insights

“before you take that next step into the next moment, recognize what was before, but be present with what is before you in the here and now...and, honor each moment before all else, before it is all gone”
― Bodhi Smith

“as a flower, she knew he was no god, because he existed. he just was. and he was always there for her. his being was the heart-shaped light from the way-beyond. and when she saw his glow, felt his warmth, and absorbed his energy into her delicate petals, she now touched magic. and she knew with such a certainty, finally, what love truly was”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Smith Impressionist Photography

“be into your own happiness...so that's how it is... if you are happy, that's enough...at your age, stay on the path of discovery into what makes you happy...the path into yourself, discover a path that's only for you. it does not have to be crystal clear, so even if there is fog that makes it impossible to see, even a step ahead of you, don't be afraid, and just slowly take it one step at a time, into it all....don't give into the fear of the unknown or unseen. move into and towards it, and cherish that excitement. because when the fog clears up, who knows, you might just end up where you dearly wanted to be...”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Smith Impressionist Photography

“You have to believe in what you do surely. And you must not compromise on how you express yourself through what you are doing, what you are sharing. Most definitely, you must not compromise for any gain, material gain particularly! This is the key to Happiness.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Undoubtedly, you will be subject to the pulls and pressures of everyday living. You will feel angry, left out, let down, jealous, disturbed, fearful and insecure. Events, people, things – any of these can trigger off these debilitating emotions. Don’t resist any of these feelings. Hold them up. And examine them closely. What do they make you feel? Don’t they make you intensely unhappy? If they do, let them go. Anything, or anyone, that makes you unhappy does not have a place in your Life. Know that you have a choice to walk away from them or throw them out. Exercise that choice. This is personal leadership. This is why happiness is an intensely personal choice.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Giving one's partner first priority is a choice not an obligation. Under the right circumstances we tend to give more than others deserve. And when they don't appreciate it, that's okay; people are prone to take that which they are not entitled to for granted.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Each of us is a kaaranakartha...a conduit, a catalyst, an instrument…and so we only have one role...to be better instruments for divinity to work through us! And we can do that by working humbly, meaningfully, on whatever gives us unadulterated joy and by sharing all that we receive, thereby helping people around us to grow.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Sacrifice is when one selflessly gives up something in service or deed for the undeserving and expects nothing in return. It is selfish to desire anything from sacrifice. Selfishness in its honest form is just.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Sacrifice is when one selflessly gives up something in service or deed for the undeserving, expecting nothing in return. It is selfish to desire anything from sacrifice. However, selfishness in its honest form is just.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“If you want to be happy, drop the past, drop the worries of the future, focus your energy to fulfill the dreams in your heart.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“The human mind has manipulated our species existence. We no longer know how to do the one thing that should be the most natural and simplest. We have forgotten how to just be.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“When dopamine dips, your unhappy chemicals get your attention. You get that “do something” feeling, and you have to decide what to do. One option is to accept the unhappy chemicals and figure out what’s triggering them. Another option is to quickly distract yourself from them with a behavior you expect to trigger more dopamine.”
― Loretta Graziano Breuning, Meet Your Happy Chemicals: Dopamine, Endorphin, Oxytocin, Serotonin

“When your Life’s Purpose comes calling, nothing else will matter! It will embrace you and you will be drawn into it. This is because your Purpose is the reason for your creation. You see, money is a human invention; you were not created to just make money. You were created to be happy, to serve, to make the world a better place. Which is why, your Purpose is also referred to as your “calling”. Truly, your Purpose is calling you! Step out of your earning-a-living bubble and allow your Purpose to lead you onward. Witness then, magically, how doors open, how the relevant people walk into your Life and how you end up doing all that you love doing and are meant to do. When you live a Life of Purpose, you live happily despite the circumstances.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“When you feel wronged by life, you give yourself permission to have another cookie, or another drink, or another pill, or another sulk. After all you’ve been through, why deprive yourself anymore? This is a vicious cycle. You keep feeling wronged in order to enjoy more of your consolation prize.”
― Loretta Graziano Breuning, Meet Your Happy Chemicals: Dopamine, Endorphin, Oxytocin, Serotonin

“Blaming others for your unhappiness is a habit that’s hard to give up because it triggers some happy chemicals. You feel important when you battle perceived injustice (serotonin), and you bond with others who feel similarly deprived (oxytocin). You get excited when you seek and find evidence that you have been denied your fair share of happiness (dopamine). You may even trigger endorphins by welcoming physical pain into your life as evidence of your deprivation. You keep building a circuit for seeking happiness by feeling wronged.”
― Loretta Graziano Breuning, Meet Your Happy Chemicals: Dopamine, Endorphin, Oxytocin, Serotonin

“Each of us has to go through what we have to go through. And what we go through makes us who we are. If you are dealing with a crisis just now, know that your own journey is surely leading you to your awakening, to your enlightenment. But you may wonder why does an awakening, or enlightenment, often come through such intense strife and pain? Well, such is Life! We must celebrate this suchness of Life! It is after trying many different mantras, methods, practices and after experiencing every emotion in its entirety that you come to understanding, soaking in, and celebrating the suchness of Life. That is how you learn the art of being non-worrying, non-frustrated and non-suffering. That is how you find Happiness in what is and learn to live fully despite your challenged circumstances!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Don’t get attached to a label called religion which society has stuck on you. After all, the Life-giving source – the breath that you and I take and what keeps us alive – is the same. Which is why, religion and rituals are totally avoidable. Yes, there’s a Higher Energy that governs all of us. It is both the creator and the destroyer. So, as part of celebrating yourself, if you want to go to some place to celebrate that Higher Energy (if you believe the Energy is location-specific) – Sabarimalai, Ajmer Sharif, Velankanni, Amritsar, Mecca, Vatican, wherever – simply go. But please don’t get waylaid by people who tell you that religion dictates or rituals demand this and that from you. Do what you feel like to enable your communion with divinity. Just be sure to be happy doing what you are doing. Nothing else – and no one else – really matters!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Don't be like a candle! Because the candle dies while making others happy! Clever is the one who finds a way to make others happy without sacrificing himself!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“GRATITUDE changes ATTITUDE in an instant.”
― Toni Sorenson

“When you woke up this morning you woke to possibilities that have never been. Make the most of this miracle, my friend.”
― Toni Sorenson

“A grateful heart turns a mundane day into a miracle.”
― Toni Sorenson

“When we are grateful for what we have, what we have becomes an abundance.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Give a Christmas gift that can only be wrapped in a hug.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Share what you have with those who don't have and you'll find your heart bursting with the true meaning of Christmas.”
― Toni Sorenson

“People drift apart after falling in love and getting married because they compartmentalize their lives – one part that was before the marriage and the other that is after the marriage. So, the event of a marriage places a full stop; it ends one phase of the relationship and begins another. This full stop is unnecessary. In Life, everything new soon starts seeming and feeling old; romance then receives lower priority because the courtship is over, the marriage is done, dusted – and in some cases, sadly, dead too. That’s why people who fall in love, fall out of love too. But what if you imagine that the marriage never happened? Won’t the loving be continuous then? Great companionships thrive when you never let marriage take centerstage. Treat marriage, if at all you must marry, like just another date in your courtship calendar. That’s how the loving is ongoing, it is flowing.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“I told myself that as long as there were books I could be sure of being happy.”
― Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter

“Wednesday keeps the week balanced.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“The primary causes of unhappiness? Having a bad commute. If you have a job, the drive there is the most stressful thing you’ll do on any given day. And people with particularly long car commutes are more likely to be depressed, have a mental health breakdown, and even get divorced.”
― Elly Blue, Biketopia: Feminist Bicycle Science Fiction Stories in Extreme Futures

“You may have a thousand reasons to quit,
but you will always have a reason to Live.
And let that reason be YOU!”
― Somya Kedia

“Your role is to travel in the direction of what you believe in, what you love doing. And Life’s job is to get you there. Everyone – and every thing – that you need will always arrive, in time, to get you to where you must arrive!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“How do you last a torrid time in Life?
1. Accept the reality that you are in the throes of a crisis. Stop wishing that it didn’t exist. Acceptance always delivers inner peace.
2. Know that the storm will always be strong. By even thinking of its ferocity, you are only going to feel debilitated. At the epicenter of a storm, it is always calm. Find that center, your center. That’s where you will find strength.
3. Your center is where you lose sense of time, place and thought. Art – anything inherent that makes you come alive – often leads you there.
4. Trust the process of Life. Do what you can do without losing your inner peace – daily, diligently.
5. No matter how intense it is, no storm lasts forever. All storms pass. So, be patient, surrender completely, let go…and offer yourself to be led by Life…”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“If you are not happy with what you have, then you will not be happy even after getting what you desire.”
― nitin namdeo

“If you still hold the bad experiences of your life in your mind then how can you live a happy life?”
― nitin namdeo

“Stop looking for happiness, you are alive, you are in this moment, nothing can be happier than this.”
― nitin namdeo

“A truly intelligent person is one who always finds a reason to be happy every moment.”
― nitin namdeo

“Spread love all over the world and in return, you will receive the gift of lifetime happiness.”
― nitin namdeo

“I must fight against the regret that would see me defeated. I cannot change what has happened, but it needn’t separate me from a happy future.”
― Tracie Peterson, A Lady of Secret Devotion

“What must come to you, for you, always finds its way to you...”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“When someone lets you down or chooses to disagree with you, your anger, your grief, arises from their behavior. Or so you believe. But if you observe your thoughts closely, you will find that it is your mind that rushes off immediately to demand: “How dare they treat me like this?” So, essentially, it is your expectation of that person, that they must behave in certain way that is causing you agony. Just drop that expectation. And you will not have any suffering on account of anyone or their actions anymore. Herein lies the secret to remaining unmoved, detached and dispassionate about what others are saying or doing to you. This is the way you protect your inner peace and happiness.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Money doesn't make unhappy unless happiness is thrust way beyond the realms of possibility due to a desperate obsession or a frantic addiction. (“Rocking and rolling “)”
― Erik Pevernagie

“Tolerance is not learnt by sitting in silence in a cave. One can centre themselves by withdrawing; that is okay -
But true tolerance comes from being peace amongst that which is contrastable to our own beliefs, ideas, thoughts and behaviour.”
― Gillian Duce

“Has anyone ever written a great novel about a woman who is happy in her marriage? Of course, most protagonists are unhappy. But heroes are mostly unhappy for existential reasons; heroines suffer for social reasons, because of male power, because of men.”
― Jia Tolentino, Trick Mirror: Reflections on Self-Delusion

“I felt happy. I hardly felt like myself.”
― Ottessa Moshfegh, Eileen

“Leaves are love letters that fall from the sky,
in the brightest of colors
see how they fly!
from the fall/autumn poem, Step Out in Color!”
― Suzy Davies, Celebrate The Seasons

“Are you living an unhappy Life while trying to make everyone around you happy? You want to make an unconventional personal – career or relationship – choice but you refuse to, because you are considering how your family will feel about it. Or you are keeping a job only to earn-a-living so you can meet the wants of those around you. Or you are not expressing yourself honestly in a relationship because you don’t want to hurt the other person. Whatever be your context, if you are choosing to be unhappy, only so that someone else is happy, well, then, you have lost the plot! How you are feeling alone impacts your happiness. Your feeling unhappy and being a martyr means you are squandering the Life that you have been given. Life is not a popularity contest. Being unhappy while wanting to be ‘nice’ is a poor choice you make.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Sreća je - reče on -
Okretnost uma i ruke.
Sve nespretne duše
Ko nesretne su znane.”
― Sergej Jesenjin, Crni čovjek - izabrane pjesme

“We must employ our intelligence wisely. Do you want to feed your fears or do you want to feed your Bliss? Some opportunities that will give us great joy may not always be financially rewarding. And some opportunities may be giving us only money and no joy. Invest in your Bliss. It will never fail you.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Don’t resist your pain, embrace it. It is normal to run away from pain – to hate it, to question why it is there in the first place. That is when – and how – you invite suffering into your Life. You suffer only because you wish your Life is different from what it is. Instead, accept your pain. When you hold up your pain and feel its intensity, you will realize that it is teaching you unputdownable Life lessons. At this time, if you choose to express your feelings through your art – anything…painting, music, cooking, gardening, writing…do whatever makes you come alive – magic and beauty will flow through you! Look around you – every work of art out there is a product of someone’s pain and their choice to express how they felt while enduring it. So, employ your pain to create something of lasting value and relevance! The world is waiting…”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“If you are still upset about YESTERDAY been a bad day, you are destroying TODAY.
The results might not always bring happiness, connect your happiness to the effort & end the dependence on the success or other's approval to make you happy.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“One of the greatest paths to wholeness is learning how to accept the holes.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones, Guru In The Glass: A Mysterious Encounter While Dying To Live The Unlived Life

“Life’s very nature is that it is fraught with uncertainty in every moment. Anything, absolutely anything, can happen at any time. Simply, Life hai, kuch bhi ho sakta hai! So, learn to trust the process of Life. This act of trusting the process of Life is what Faith is all about. When you have Faith, Fear cannot debilitate you. Now, Faith and Fear cannot co-exist. So, if you are feeling fearful, it clearly means you lack the Faith! Re-examine how you are approaching your Life. Are you anchored in Faith or are you cowering in Fear? Intelligent living means embracing the uncertainty with Faith and going with the flow; it means knowing that wherever Life takes you is where you were always meant to arrive!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Faith must always thrive in the absence of any physical evidence. Let’s say you are negotiating a dark tunnel with a torch in your hand. As long as the torch is lit and you can see, you imagine you are in control, that you will soon figure your way out. But what if the battery drains and the torch dies? And it is pitch dark, scary; you are clueless and don’t know what to do? Faith, then, is your only resort. If you deploy your Faith – in the absence of even a shred of evidence that you will survive – and believe that you will come out of the tunnel unscathed, you surely will! That is why Faith is not just a coping mechanism, it is a game-changer! Harness the power of your Faith, understand the futility of fear, and see doors open miraculously where there once stood impregnable walls!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Mostly Life gives me Happiness on Lease,
So I rent it whenever I can!”
― Somya Kedia

“Every story is precious. Each one of us is making our own myth with our choices. And our stories evolve over time, with the following of our Bliss. As long as we are not obsessed with how others' stories are unfolding, of how their lives are shaping up, and are instead offering ourselves to be led in the direction of our joy, we will always be happy no matter hard the going really gets!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is
the key to success.”
― Albert Schweitzer

“Happiness is the meaning and goal of life. ”
― Swami Dhyan Giten, When the Drop becomes the Ocean

“When you are driven by Purpose, focus on living that Purpose every single day. Why are doing what you are doing is more important than what you have achieved, where you have reached. Yes, the human mind will play games with you. It will make you feel inadequate. It will make you imagine that the progress you make is not enough given the enormity of what you have set out to do. But believe in the Power of One…in your individual ability to impact the Life of another individual…one day at a time. How have I lived my day today? Have I lived by the why of what I do? Have I taken my vehicle forward in the direction in which I am headed? These are the only questions that need to be asked and the only ones that matter! Keep the focus, keep it basic, keep it purposeful…when you have Integrity of Purpose, all else will always follow!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“It surely will help if children understand Life’s simple, unalterable truths early on:
1. What goes up, comes down and will go back up again; also, what goes around, comes around!
2. Until we get what we want, we must be patient.
3. Life happens through us and not because of us.
4. This human form, this lifetime, is a gift that we must be eternally grateful for.
So, even if we can’t teach them or give them anything else, let us imbue in our children an appreciation for Life through these four perspectives – Faith, Patience, Humility and Gratitude. This is how we can prepare them for going through Life with equanimity, happily, despite whatever circumstances they have to deal with!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“For full happiness, make your mind happy, make your body happy! Is it enough? No! Make others happy too!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Bleak sky, winter bites, harsh winds, unforgiving rain... Well, weather isn't just going to change but you can find your own sunshine. Chase your happiness.”
― Mystqx Skye

“You will certainly find whatever you are searching. Not just once, but many times over. Just be careful of what you are searching.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“Oh! But training the mind isn’t easy…”
Surely, Life is not easy. Getting through this lifetime is never easy. So, training the mind is not going to be achieved without dedication and diligence. But just as the body can be trained, the mind too can be taught how to live in the present moment. You see, the mind thrives only when it is stuck in the dead past or when it races into the unborn future. In those two states it is constantly spewing thoughts of anger, grief, guilt, anxiety, worry, fear and stress. But when trained to live in the now, the mind is powerless. That is how you learn to be non-worrying, non-frustrated, non-suffering, to be happy! You can either train your mind, and employ equanimity and happiness to deal with Life’s upheavals, or you can continue to cite the ‘it-is-not-easy’ excuse and be unhappy! Your call!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Responsible citizenship is about trusteeship.

Think of trusteeship like this. You are a trustee of the Life that’s been given to you. And you are a trustee of the planet that you inhabit. So be responsible with how you live and how you use the planet’s resources. Recognize that you need only so much to live and to support your immediate family. Beyond food, clothing, shelter, education, a reasonable healthcare and retirement plan and hi-speed internet connectivity through a smart device, whatever you have, whatever comes your way, give it away. Give, not because you have to give, not because you are asked to give, but give because you want to give. Recognize that just as this human form, this Life, is a gift, every thing, every resource that you acquire in this lifetime, is also given to you. So, be responsible by employing all that you receive for human good, to make the world a better place.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“How beautiful the sky looked, how blue and calm and deep! How brilliant and majestic was the setting sun! How tenderly shone the distant waters of the Danube! And fairer still were the purpling mountains stretching far away beyond the river, the convent, the mysterious gorges, the pine forests veiled in mist to their summits.
...There all was peace and happiness. 'I should wish for nothing, wish for nothing, for nothing in the world, if only I were there', thought Rostov. 'In myself alone and in that sunshine there is so much happiness'...”
― Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“Every time he told me that he really liked me, my face turned neon pink, and my whole body glowed with happiness. I never thought I’d feel like this again. I never thought I’d meet anyone who could make me feel like this. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d felt this happy. All I knew was that it had been a while.”
― Charlie Novak, Breakaway

“Your mind’s first response to a problem situation is to deny its very existence. But being in denial mode simply means that you don’t see the problem although it exists; which means the problem is hurting you, but you don’t recognize it. When you finally acknowledge the presence of the problem, you hate it. You want it to go away. And when it doesn’t, you are over-anxious to solve it. But some problems defy human intelligence and logical solutions. They stay on, they frustrate you and leave you feeling miserable. The simple, intelligent approach to dealing with problems is to first accept them, rather than deny their existence, and then go to work on solving them. Realize that denying the presence of a problem does not mean the problem does not exist. Every problem has arrived with a specific Purpose – to teach you invaluable Life lessons, to make you stronger, wiser and happy!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Take it as it comes. Always. The beauty of Life lies in its unpredictability. Its starkness may be difficult to stomach at times but it is what it is. The only way to deal with reality is to embrace it and to go with the flow. You may plan, envision and strategize but ultimately Life alone has its way, its say. You must merely submit to that way and go with the flow. When you hate what is, it causes grief, anger, stress and suffering. But when you take it as it comes, Life is simpler even if it is not any easier!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“When you selflessly offer whatever you have – your art, your time, your wealth – to make the world a better place, there is nothing to achieve, nothing to prove, nothing to claim and nowhere to reach. Then all you are doing is giving, offering, whatever is flowing through you. Try being this way for a day or just for an hour perhaps. You will see how happy you are. You will realize that this is a beautiful place to be in. You will realize that you are a mere instrument for divinity to work through you. When you are in that place then none of the worldly measures matter to you…success, failure, reward, recognition, victory, defeat…nothing is relevant anymore. You are truly living then because you are giving!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Understand the futility of hurting and being vengeful. What is the point with either? Someone has wronged you. And they have done it only because they saw it as right. Your getting even with them will only make you suffer more. It is not going to make them any better or realize that they have wronged you. Instead, they are going to retaliate. And then the process of vengeance will go on and on…never ending. You carry a hurt only as long as you think about the person that caused it as someone who has wronged you. Instead think of that someone as one who is lost in Life, who knows not what he or she is doing. And then watch your anger, your hurt, transform into something beautiful and liberating for you – forgiveness!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Sometimes Life will hang you at the edge of the precipice. And fear will grip you. You will not know what to think, say or do. But don’t despair. You see, Life has always been and is intrinsically risky. Your education and your money trick you into a fake sense of security. But look at what Manohar Parrikar, who passed away yesterday, had to say: “You are alone in the final act of the drama when the end of the show is visible. Nothing, and no one, can help you.” Such is Life. It has always been fraught with uncertainty and has never been in your control. So, don’t fear dead-ends or no-go Life situations. Face your fears, gracefully accept the darkness. Learn to hang from that precipitous edge, live dangerously – and when you do that, you will, interestingly, not feel scared, instead you will feel calm, content and happy!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“But these were days of self-fulfilment, where settling for something that was not quite your first choice of a life seemed weak-willed and ignoble. Somewhere, surrendering to what seemed to be your fate had changed from being dignified to being a sign of your own cowardice. There were times when the pressure to achieve happiness felt almost oppressive, as if happiness were something everybody should and could attain, and that any sort of compromise in its pursuit was somehow your fault.”
― Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life

“Your Life is ultimately made up of the choices you made at different times. When you choose based on economic criteria you may end up being both challenged and unhappy. When you choose based on Happiness, you may still have challenges to deal with, but you will be happy. So, choose wisely. Going with the flow is to be able to choose to be happy over choosing to be economically secure. Because economic security is a human invention, it is an illusion. What is true is Happiness. You have been given this human form to be happy. With Happiness, you can never be unhappy. Simple!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Acceptance does not necessarily help you solve a problem. But acceptance helps you immensely in dealing with it, in making you non-suffering. When you resist a situation, you are fighting it. Whatever you resist, will fight back. Such is Life. All your suffering comes from wishing that your Life is different from what it is. So, in addition to the intense pain that the situation has thrown up, you have now invited suffering into your Life by wishing that the painful situation did not exist in the first place. Instead, embrace the situation. Gracefully accept your Life for what it is. Then, slowly, very slowly, time heals, peeling off layer after layer of suffering, as you understand the futility of prolonged sadness. As your suffering and sadness dissolve, you feel repaired, happy and at peace with your new reality.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“No laugh no cry
No happiness no sorrow
No expectation no depression,
That's life”
― Tahsinur Rahman Shihan

“Each one’s pain is different. You can empathize with them but you cannot always understand what someone is going through. Even if they are a long-time companion, a sibling, a parent or a child. No amount of empathy can help the other person either. They have to go through what they have to go through. Ultimately, everyone has to deal with their pain themselves; they have to understand it, negotiate with it and accept it. Acceptance does not take away the pain, but it instantaneously frees you of all suffering. So, if you you love someone who is dealing with intense pain, encourage them to embrace it; help them to be non-suffering. Being non-suffering holds the key to Happiness.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Instead of obsessing over getting them married, what parents must really wish for is that their young adult children find great soulmates. A soulmate is someone who you can relate to and are best friends with; someone that you want to grow old with – and live with all your Life! Some people find their soulmates early and some others find them over time. So, parents’ worrying sick that their children must be married here, now, by a certain age, to a certain ‘category or class’ of people…all this is clearly avoidable stress and effort. A marriage is only a social contract, an irrelevant label. Pushing your children to get married so your duty is done, so you may have grandchildren, is acting selfishly, irresponsibly. Instead encourage your children to do what they love doing, to find love and be loving! Living-in with a BFF trumps being unhappily married – any day!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Raindrops will follow rainbows to the ends of the earth and back again.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Something’s are relative
Somethings may be situational
That is why they remain somethings and not All things.......

Grow up on somethings and Learn from things
Release somethings and smile over somethings
Life is not only about somethings but about All things”
― Kelechi Erondu

“I do my duties free from rewards.”
― Kumar Anu, Freedom Mantra

“We often think of time travel, to go back to our childhood and restart our life from the beginning, and that vivid memories makes us smile again.”
― Prince Wilfred

“தீயவர்களின் வீழ்ச்சி மகிழ்வை கொடுக்கும்; பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தாது. நல்லவர்களின் வீழ்ச்சி துயரத்தோடு நிற்காது; பெரும்பாதிப்பை உருவாக்கும்.”
― Su. Venkatesan, வீரயுக நாயகன் வேள்பாரி [Veerayuga Nayagan Velpaari]

“Everything happens in its own time, place and pace. You may wish for something to happen. Or you may wish against its happening. But you cannot force the outcome. What has to happen alone happens – always! So, go with the flow. Understand that it is what it is. Accept every happening in your Life that you didn’t want, and which you dislike, as your new normal and keep going. This is what intelligent living is all about. It doesn’t change any reality but frees you from unhappiness, from misery. It helps you anchor in peace and be happy no matter how challenging your circumstances are.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“There is nothing wrong in getting married. The problem arises when you expect a marriage to deliver companionship or when you start believing that a marriage makes love happen. If you look at it objectively, marriage is just a social license for people to live together and, well, have sex, and, in most cases, procreate. Beyond being that license, it serves no purpose. The loving between people, the act of sexual intercourse and the biological process of having children – all of these can surely happen even outside of a marriage. Which is why marriage is neither necessary nor relevant. So, marry only if you really want to, but don’t expect the marriage to make you happy. Companionship is what delivers happiness. And companionship is not about gender or age; it is about finding love, being loving – in the present continuous – no matter what and celebrating each other!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Anyway, Lisa probably said it best: “We made our own happiness but I don’t think we were a happy family.”
― Louie Anderson, Hey Mom: Stories for My Mother, But You Can Read Them Too

“Black Friday doesn’t even cover love and happiness. They come from within and outside is without without the former.”
― Goitsemang Mvula

“Happiness goes beyond the stretch of your lips. Heart strings can play happy but the soul of the heart is the truth of happiness.”
― Goitsemang Mvula

“When all your efforts at trying to get what you want are exhausted, if you choose to walk away calmly, without grief and frustration, then what you want will flow to you, on its own, if it is meant for you. There is great power in letting go and moving on. It is only when you have let go, of desire itself, that you can receive what is truly meant for you! No one – and nothing – can take away what is meant for you and no one – and nothing – can get you what is not meant for you! Understand this truth about Life – and you will live happily ever after.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“There’s a part of all of us that is always wanting to be warm, willing to adjust, open to accommodate and ready to tolerate. But let all the warmth, adjustment, accommodation and tolerating happen at a material level. And let it stop there. Please don’t allow anyone to affect your dignity just because they are older to you or more powerful – whoever they are, even if they are a parent, sibling or spouse. Because when you allow that you end up becoming intensely unhappy. And, more often than not, you suffer silently. Let this be your guiding light – your inner peace and happiness are the only wealth you have, so, protect them till your last breath!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Don’t intellectualize Life. Not everything has a scientific, rational, logical reason to it. Beyond a point, Life is largely inscrutable. 2+2 does not often add up to 4 in Life and you can’t find the answer to some questions – particularly to the why and why me questions! It is always what it is. Life does not happen because you planned it in a certain way. It so happens that sometimes your plans are in sync with Life’s plans for you. So you end up thinking – given your education and your economic power – that you are controlling your Life. But the moment Life throws you a googly, you are stumped! You are left clueless, numb and debilitated. That’s when you realize that surrendering to Life, humbly accepting what is and going with the flow is what intelligent living is all about! This realization is the key to Happiness.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“If you reflect on Life, it has no meaning. You came with nothing. And you will go with nothing. In this time, you will acquire knowledge and experience…you may get fame and wealth…you will build relationships…and blah and blah and blah…but nothing – and no one – is going with you, when it is time for you to leave. So, is Life meaningless? Perhaps, yes. But there’s another view too. The only option each of us has, since we don’t choose to be born, is to bring meaning to the Life that we have been given. Simply, what you do is more important than what you acquire and own in your lifetime. Therefore, make what you do – to make this world a better place for the generations to follow – the singular focus of your journey while enjoying every moment of it. This is how you bring meaning to an apparently meaningless Life!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Beauty starts with a new dawn each and every day.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Don't imagine you are in a worse place than you actually are. Things could have been far worse. So, seize the day, count your blessings and move on. You can survive a crisis only by dealing it with one day at a time. Don't add up all your problems in your mind and think you are finished. Compartmentalize your problems; put them in different buckets and project-manage them separately. This is how you live through uncertain times – making decisions when there are few or no options to choose from. You never see it this way when you are going through a crisis. But, unfailingly, every crisis leaves you stronger, wiser – and happy!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Six years of uninterrupted happiness had rolled away, since my brother's marriage. The sound of war had been heard, affording objects of comparison.”
― Charles Brockden Brown, Wieland and Memoirs of Carwin the Biloquist

“The biggest problem of a person who has no difficulty in ensuring his own happiness is this: The unhappiness of others! Because it is very difficult to maintain happiness among unhappiness!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Invest in experiences not things. Surely, build an asset and savings base for a rainy day. But don’t kid yourself thinking you are really ‘secure’ and ‘settled’ just because you have money. Anything can happen in Life – that too, in a nano-second! Besides, as you age, you will realize that what you can do when you are 20, you really can’t do when you are 40! Which is why, invest in experiences, in doing what you love doing. Your experiences shape you. They intricately weave your learnings from each experience with your idea of Happiness to create a beautiful fabric that stays in your subconscious even when people and things around you perish over time. In the end, what will count most in your Life, are who you loved, how you were loved back and how you enjoyed doing all that you loved doing!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Life happens at its own pace and in its own time. It has a mind of its own. Your rushing through it only increases your stress levels and makes you anxious. You can do nothing to Life. At all times, in all contexts, you are never in control – Life is! And all you can and must do is to learn to live fully with what is. This does not mean inaction – trusting the process of Life is a lot of action; of keeping the faith and being patient. So, sit quietly doing whatever you can in a given context. And whatever must happen alone will happen; whatever is due to you alone will flow to you…on its own. When you are calm, you are non-worrying, non-frustrated and non-suffering and only when you are in this state will you see how perfect your Life really is!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“When the sense of «not belonging» is tolling the bell for true happiness, it infuses people into accepting life as a failure, or a scar in the canvas of a vacant environment. The attachment to the little things, though, and the fleeting moments of every day can confer connection and expectation. ("The grass was greener over there")”
― Erik Pevernagie

“One of ecstasy’s main ingredients is finding happiness in the tedious.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“I'm not looking for happiness. But I'm not looking for an ending either.
pg. 544”
― Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz

“Few things are more important than learning how to learn.”
― Richie Norton

“Start your own circle.⁣”
― Richie Norton

“Dear wanderer, come in and let the weight of the world’s straps slide from the downcast face of your unhappy shoulders, because the universe is a bartender and life is a perpetual party where all the drunken birds join with songs to sing the anthem of your beautiful existence.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones, Guru In The Glass: A Mysterious Encounter While Dying To Live The Unlived Life

“If you want to reclaim your life, start by reclaiming your time.”
― Richie Norton

“Don’t find meaning, assign meaning.”
― Richie Norton

“Lack of love is not usually the culprit in an unhappy marriage but lack of friendship. A truly happy couple are those who discover that they are each other’s best friend.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“Don't trade your happy life in for a sad life because tragedy is happening simultaneously. (Take a moment to think on that statement.)⁣
⁣
What are you trading your life for? Where is your time really going? You have freedom, but are you free? Remove self-imposed chains.”
― Richie Norton

“10 Ways to Approach a Joyful Life

1. Life is short so don’t pretend like you’ll have time later.⁣
2. Design your work so have freedom of geography, income and time.⁣
3. Don’t care about stuff. ⁣
4. Own your life.⁣
5. Own your time.⁣
6. Own your contribution to humanity on a deep level.⁣
7. Be cool (kind) to other people.⁣
8. Don’t take yourself too seriously.⁣
9. Sacrifice.⁣
10. Choose happiness.⁣
⁣
Bonus: Bad stuff will happen. Move forward and don’t blame God for the bad stuff.”
― Richie Norton

“You love your work when your work is with people you love.”
― Richie Norton

“There is nothing from the past that makes me think things used to be better. We live in the greatest of times. Be grateful.”
― Richie Norton

“Do you want to be remembered for the money you made or the life you live?⁣”
― Richie Norton

“People say freedom comes with responsibility. So why do responsible people keep limiting their freedom? Each choice you make makes you more free or less.”
― Richie Norton

“There is a sanctification in sacrifice–that’s where the Greek word comes from. Now whether you take that sanctification (or holiness) literally or figuratively, there is a glow about people who serve and give and sacrifice for others. ⁣”
― Richie Norton

“Those that dwell create their own hell.”
― Richie Norton

“Have you noticed that the world shrinks when you travel?”
― Richie Norton

“If you have a project to pour your learnings into, you will retain the knowledge.”
― Richie Norton

“Nah. You don’t want a break from your life. Bad goal. Make this your life. If you have to escape, you’re in prison.”
― Richie Norton

“If you can create work that enhances your life...do it! But most people, sadly, lose their lives on their work...unnecessarily.”
― Richie Norton

“Create a space for the person you want to become, not the person you were.”
― Richie Norton

“Like a ceaseless fire
Over all the experiences,
Vast sensation and desires,
Every emotion in essence!”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic

“There are myriad ways to make money, yet regardless of how much you’re paid, how and why you get paid dictates your lifestyle.”
― Richie Norton

“When you come home, after a hard day’s work, don’t you feel you belong there…when you are on your way home…isn’t there a longing to get home, lounge, goof off, just be, just chill…so it is when your Bliss finds you or when you find your Bliss…you feel you have finally come home, to a place that you always longed for, where you truly belong.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Happiness is not quite about always getting what you want, or about buying stuff which you can afford, or even about being understood, recognized and celebrated by those around you. There will always be times in Life when you won’t get what you want, when you can’t even afford what you think are the basics and when you will imagine that the whole world is conspiring against you. Happiness is a decision. It is your decision. When you decide to be happy, the circumstances don’t matter. Happiness, then, is to be accepting of the Life you have, while celebrating it for what it is, and learning to be non-worrying, non-frustrated and non-suffering.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Nothing belongs to us. Everything and everyone will be gone someday – including you and me! Clinging on to people, material possessions, stances and opinions is a total waste of energy and precious time. If we review our lives closely, deeply, we will find that all our insecurities, our strife, our suffering, comes from whatever we are clinging on to. The moment you let go of whatever is possessing you, consuming you – a habit or a position or an object or a person or a relationship – you are liberated. You are free. It is only when you are free that you can experience Life – and its magic and beauty – fully…and live happily!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“When something – or someone – that you are clinging on to starts controlling you, the joy of doing that something or being with that person evaporates. You feel miserable. To uncling, you must feel and hate that misery deep within you. Ask yourself if you really want so much suffering in your Life – for instance, if you smoke, are you smoking for yourself anymore or is your habit controlling you, driving you crazy; or if you are in an abusive marriage, are you in it because you are loving it or are you being held hostage in it by the person’s power or by social norms? Only brutally honest conversations with yourself on what – or who – is possessing you leads you to uncling. You finally uncling only when you realize that you have to make that choice to let go, to move on, to end the suffering!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Dreams become nightmares when dreams become jobs.”
― Richie Norton

“I wake up knowing every day that I might die. And then I do whatever I want.”
― Richie Norton

“Love holds the key to human happiness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Life is not only about going after name, money, success, fame and fortune and getting all of them. It is also about how you live with humility, dignity, and discipline when all of what you attained and acquired are taken away from you. Resilience and equanimity cannot be developed and deployed in simulated environments. They are always discovered within you, when you stand in the middle of the battle of Life, in the chaos, in the eye of the storm. It is by facing Life and learning to be happy, to be useful, despite your circumstances, that you become stronger.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Don’t think about what has not happened. What has not happened has not happened. Simple. It has not arrived. So why worry, why fear? Of course, when it comes into your Life, you have to, and must, deal with it. But why lose your precious present, your sleep, thinking about the unborn future? Living in the now is not an art. It is an absolute necessity for you to be happy. It is like breathing. You (can) breathe only in the now – your having breathed in the past is over, it is done with; and your breathing in the future is irrelevant at the moment. The only Life you have is what you have in the now. So, stay here. Be present. Be happy with what is.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Happiness lives inside of the smallest moments.”
― Christy Ann Martine

“Cherish life, cherish and respect love; these are the energy frequencies in our existence that have the most likelihood of changing this world and the universe as we know it.”
― Steve Leasock

“A true, continuous, celebration of Life is the ability to always be happy and content no matter what is happening in your Life, no matter what you have or don’t have. Simply, Happiness is a decision. You are happy the moment you are content with what you have, when you accept what is. You are happy when you serve another, when you are making our world a better place.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Life’s magic and beauty does not lie in your ability to get all that you want, whenever you want it. Life’s truest, miraculous, nature reveals itself when you are given all that you need, exactly at a precise moment in time, when you need it the most. To recognize this magical quality about Life, you must be in a total let-go, in complete surrender, trusting the process of Life implicitly. This is what Faith is all about. When you are this way, you will discover that there is no logic to – and in – Life ever…it is all magic, magic, pure magic!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Acceptance does not make a problem go away. Accepting that a problem exists is the first step to dealing with it. When you stop denying its existence and accept that you have a problem, your ability to deal with it increases manifold. You become calm and you start exploring avenues for solving the problem. In denial mode, you are running away from the problem. And what you run away from, will chase you, will haunt you. But when you turn around and face the problem, accepting it, taking it head-on – you discover your inherent resilience and feel a strange ability to withstand any amount of pain! You may be in the throes of a huge crisis, but you are anchored and are at peace. This is why Life gave you the problem in the first place – for you to know who you truly are and what you are capable of!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“The essence of Life is to be able to live with uncertainty, accepting it for what it is, embracing its inscrutability, without trying to dissect it, analyze it or justify it. Life’s beauty lies in facing it as a series of adventures. The endgame is always clear: your Life will end some day. But what will happen in the meantime, what kind of twists and turns will you encounter, what challenges will you be faced with? It is these myriad, often unpredictable, possibilities that make Life interesting. So, don’t resist Life, don’t run away from it either; turn around, face it and go with its flow…doing this does not make your problems disappear, nor will it make your passage easier, but surely, Life’s complexity gives way to a simple awakening, a realization. It is what it is. And accepting and living with what is, is Happiness!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“This, I have consistently experienced in Life – that no matter how grave the circumstances are, it is not over, to use a cricketing term, until the last ball is bowled! So, even if it seems like a dead-end, a no-go situation, celebrate being alive. It may be dark all around you, there may be no light visible at the far end, everyone, and everything, may appear to be going against you…but do not give up yet. The only evidence that things will turnaround is that you are still alive. And that is a huge, huge, blessing! For, if you still have the gift of this lifetime, then anything is possible! So, bow your head down in complete surrender, in eternal gratitude and give in to Life, just flow with it! This is how you last through a numbing crisis!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“We're led to believe that all these material things will make us happy, that they signify success and contentment, when, in actual fact, the opposite is true. All that this clutter does is anchor you to one place. I think all you really need to be happy is what that little girl down on the beach has - the sun on your back, food on the table and someone to love who loves you in return. If it's so simple, though, why do we dither around for so many years looking for something else?”
― Isabelle Broom, Then. Now. Always.

“Ser feliz é ser simples, ser livre, saborear as pequenas doses de sorrisos, abraços e beijos que a vida oferece e conseguir manter a firmeza quando ela nos traz lágrimas e dissabores.”
― Ana Isabel Fonseca, Balanço Instável do Coração

“When you are feeling restless, confused, lost…when you are searching…don’t panic…it is a great sign. It means status quo does not appeal to you anymore. It means being economically secure does not quench your thirst anymore. It is only when you are lost that you can find yourself. The moment you look up from your earning-a-living circle, when you begin to search for meaning, for Purpose, when you begin asking why am I here and what am I doing/supposed to be doing with my Life, your Life’s Purpose, your Bliss will find you!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Everyone has a reason for saying or doing what they do. So, don’t judge people without knowing their story. You don’t have to agree with them at all, but don’t judge them, don’t label them. Let them just be. If they interfere in your Life, draw a line and tell them to step back. But, again, don’t black list them just because they differ with you. When we judge people we agonize more than them – because we are cooking in our views of them. They continue to be who they are – because they believe what they are saying or doing is right, that it is justified. So, why invite suffering in your Life by giving them so much importance? You stay focused on your inner peace. Don’t let anyone disturb it – not even your views of others!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“As long as you are in the game, anything is possible. So, stay engaged with Life. No matter what you are faced with, no matter how dark it gets, no matter how impossible a situation appears to be, just go with the flow. You see, everything is happening for a reason. Just because you don’t see the reason, it does not mean there is no reason. And what has to happen, will happen, no matter how hard you pray – for it to happen or not to happen! So, just keep going, keep walking, taking one day at a time. There is no specific method or mantra for intelligent living – staying in the game, going with the flow, is the way!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“There are only 2 things about Life that you can be sure about.
1. Of course, that you will die someday.
2. Life never ceases to amaze you, surprise you.
Now, when you are amazed and surprised with Life giving you what you want or even more than that, you don't have a problem. But if Life amazes you and surprises you with what you don't want, what you don't like, you suffer. But the truth is that Life has not done anything different. It has only continued to amaze and surprise you. The problem is not with Life then. Your suffering comes only from your expectations.
So, drop all your expectations, embrace your mortality and live fully as you will die any moment. When
you live this way, you will be anchored no matter what is happening to you!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“It would be very beneficial to remain consciously aware during any experience because the mind will otherwise start to fill presence with thoughts and emotions.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“A smile offers a gateway to understanding and sharing. It is a path that leads to love.

* This is a quote from my upcoming book that reflects on living and loving more consciously.”
― Steve Leasock

“Happiness is in You!”
― Nitya Prakash

“We are sharing the gift of life and love and compassion is our path” Therefore, life and love can flow freely through this precious endowment.”
― Steve Leasock

“Lest love not be forgotten and it is best experienced through thoughtless devotion.”
― Steve Leasock

“Love is equivalent to life. It cannot be defined, interpreted, manipulated or used to fulfill human based wants and needs.”
― Steve Leasock

“Open your heart to the beauty of living and you will experience life and love within all things.”
― Steve Leasock

“Love is the mainstream movement flowing through the expansion of life energy. Experiencing it is considered to be as easy as falling off a log. However, as with life and conscious awareness, we must acknowledge love and take responsibility for it.”
― Steve Leasock

“Tum daulat ki Kya baat karte ho
Maine gareeb ko aksar pur sukoon dekha hai”
― Mehnaz Ansari, A Study of Personality Characteristics and Values of Secondary School Teachers in Relation to Their Classroom Performance and Students' Likings

“There are two states in Life: Existing and Living. You exist when you are unhappy and are merely floating around like deadwood. Living is a constantly evolving state…over time, and through your lived experiences, you graduate from just being to experiencing immersion to dissolving…momentarily, you too have experienced losing yourself, dissolving in devotion (in bhakti, in prayer), in sex, in music, in dance. But you have the option to remain dissolved forever, to be lost in what you love doing…when you attain that state, that is your Bliss experience…”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“For making your Life meaningful, you must think beyond economic parameters and constraints. The focus should always be on how can I make my Life count and be useful? And not on the fact that it costs so much money to make it count. If you can answer what makes you come alive, if you have an opportunity that will help you live every moment of your Life fully, in bliss, and if you have found the means to sustain yourself without upsetting your immediate circle of influence, primarily your family’s economic ecosystem, you must go do it. Don’t think too much. Just go, live!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“You cannot settle and be happy.”
― R. Cooper, Dancing Lessons

“In your moments of solitude, when self-doubt, worry, anxiety and fear creep in, dive deep into what you love doing. This could be music, painting, gardening, reading, cooking…whatever…do whatever that makes you forget this world, that makes you forget your pain…surely, there is something that makes you forget who you are. Simply, go do it. When you do this, you will realize how you magically heal, how all your stresses and insecurities vanish. This is why Bliss is so powerful. This is why following your Bliss is so profitable. It helps you live in this world, inevitably trapped in the pulls and pressures of everyday existence, and yet be above all of it, thriving, living happily despite the circumstances.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“You can work for joy and you can work for money. Ideally, in the real world, if you can do work which you love doing, which also earns you money to pay your bills, then you are doing great. But if you are doing work that you loathe, and are doing it only for the money, then chances are you will be very, very unhappy. And if you are doing stuff that you love doing but are not earning any money from what you do, then while the going may be tough in a material sense, you will still be, interestingly, very, very happy! So, instead of complaining about your Life, ask yourself which category do you belong to. And learn to make an informed choice or be content with what you are doing – and having!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Stay away from the people who are the cause of your life's misery, approach the people who are the cause of your life's happiness.”
― Kamaran Ihsan Salih

“Every Life experience is teaching you a lesson. It is likely you may not see the experience as an opportunity to learn – not when you are going through it. But your experiences are always shaping you, teaching you; they are helping you understand who you really are and what your true potential is. So, don’t hate what you are going through if you are currently dealing with something that you didn’t bargain for or didn’t want in your Life. Just step back, climb onto the fly-on-the-wall position, and observe your Life. You will then notice unmistakable teachable, learnable, points of view embedded in your experience. To take them or leave them – well, that’s your personal choice! One thing’s for sure though, you will be a lot more at peace – and happy – when you learn from your experiences!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Intelligence is really the ability to decide which battles to fight in Life…and when you employ your intelligence this way, you will awaken to the choice that perhaps, in most cases, it is best not to fight (any battle) at all. Almost always, the best way to live (and to win, if you like) is to not fight anyone – or anything. This understanding will interestingly help you choose wisely and in the event that you do choose to fight for a cause that you truly believe in, it will teach you to be detached from the outcome. When you are engaged only with the process, you discover the opportunity to be happy without getting keyed up about the result.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“We cannot truly understand a person’s pain or their suffering from an illness if we ourselves have not experienced it. We cannot know how they feel or what they are going through so we cannot base our happiness on the fact that we are healthy and someone else is sick, because we are not in a position to understand the specific burdens of the two opposite states of being. We can only recognize the difference between them and become aware that one state is more desirable than the other, but then we remain at the level of an ill-informed person groping in the dark without knowing how to turn on the light.”
― Stanka Gjurić, Unveiling reality

“Možda zaista mogućnost istinske sreće leži u zadovoljstvu onim što se ima (ma kako to skromno zvučalo ili doista bilo), u pomirenosti sa sobom. Svaka nova izjedajuća potreba rezultira i novom količinom ograničenja, usprkos stupnju dostupnosti onoga prema čemu je čovjek usmjeren.”
― Stanka Gjurić, Umijeće življenja

“Koliko god djelovalo nepravedno što ne znamo da smo sretni kada to jesmo, i nismo u stanju uvidjeti iz čega ona doista izvire (barem ne tako dugo dok posve ne nestane), lažna sigurnost koju osjećamo dok smo još zarobljeni tragičnom nesvjesnošću, donekle pomaže našoj sreći, kako bi jednom bio sporiji naš pad.”
― Stanka Gjurić, Istina o sreći

“Extraordinary pain in Life is not a sign of past sins catching up as some would want you to believe. It is, interestingly, a sign of extraordinary grace arriving in your Life. Pain is inevitable – you don’t get to choose it; if it was a choice then, well, all of humanity would like to avoid any pain. So, painful episodes just happen in Life, but they happen only for a reason. And that reason is always revealed in hindsight, upon deep reflection. If you think back, you will discover that any event that caused you pain, only left you stronger, wiser and happy. That’s the grace I am talking about. Pain, in essence, helps you evolve. It hurts you surely, but doesn’t harm you, and, unfailingly, leaves you blessed!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Answers are within,
Beyond comfort zone leap in.
Your Sanity of Mind is yours,
Don't Lease..
So to Cause your Ultimate Peace.”
― Somya Kedia

“A painful situation arrives in your Life simply because it was meant to. It is never because your “energies are negative” or that you are being “punished for past sins”. Your pain is here to teach you Life lessons. Which is why extraordinary pain is a sign of grace, of a great teacher arriving in your Life to transform you, to make you resilient, wise and happy!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Permanence is an illusion. Nothing lasts. When this awareness arrives in your Life, you awaken to Happiness – to embracing what is, to finding meaning and Purpose in what is and to be content with what is.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“There is no greater joy, than being an ingredient in the joy of others.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“I was sunk deep in my middle age. All the same I laid my head against her breast. ‘I have been happy,’ I said, ‘but I have seen so bored for so long.”
― Graham Greene, Travels with My Aunt

“Be focused on your Happiness. Deciding what not to do, because doing it doesn’t make you happy, is as important as knowing what to do. You often arrive at doing what you love doing by choosing not to do stuff that makes you unhappy!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“How can you be happy when you are sad?
Good Question there.
Happiness and sadness are not opposite states.
Your intrinsic, natural, state is happiness. Sadness interferes with your being happy when you get what you don’t want or when you don’t get what you want. A break-up, a pink slip, a health challenge, death of a loved one – all these, and more, will naturally make you sad. To feel sad when sadness arises in you is neither abnormal nor avoidable. In fact, don’t even try to escape sadness. Hold it, observe it keenly. When you understand the futility of being sad, you will let go of your sadness – on your own. Sometimes, you may need help, from a friend, a parent, or a sibling, or a therapist. But unless you understand that your feeling sad endlessly is what is ruining your happiness, you will not bounce back. Happiness is, therefore, an intensely personal choice.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“LIFE is never about just being HAPPY.”
― Pragna Rao

“Fortune is long-term happiness, nurtured with patience and knowledge.”
― Ankit Samrat

“The world will progress with you or without you, it's always a choice either you part of something that really matters.”
― Ankit Samrat

“Just as you would build and use stamina to be a champion sportsperson, you need to deploy Resilience to face challenging Life situations. Resilience is like the Bluetooth feature on your smartphone. You need to activate it to use it. And you activate, you deploy, the Resilience from within you by anchoring in Faith – by trusting the process of Life. So, no matter what you are dealing with, don’t run away from Life; turn around and face your fears. Know that you have the staying power in you to get through Life. Know that if you have a problem, you will also have the means, the mechanism, to deal with the problem even if you can’t always solve it immediately!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“A woman is never so drunk with happiness as when she discovers desire in the eyes of a man”
― Yukio Mishima, Forbidden Colors

“Queen Mahapajapati was not like other women in the palace. She frequently told Yasodhara that women possessed as much wisdom and strength as men and needed to shoulder the responsibilities of society also. While women did possess a special ability to create warmth and happiness in their families, there was no reason for them to remain only in the kitchen or in the palace. Gotami found in her daughter-in-law a woman with whom she could share true friendship, for like herself, Yasodhara was thoughtful and independent. Not only did the queen offer Yasodhara her approval, but she worked alongside Yasodhara as well.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh

“It's ok to be successful in your own way, no matter what control freaks say.”
― Kelly L. Miller

“Don't search for happiness outside. It is inside you.”
― Purvi Raniga

“To be in love with Life is to be in touch with our spiritual essence. It is to see beauty and loveliness wherever we go. It is to see the glow of divinity in all those around us.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“If you are not coming alive each day when you wake up, if you are dragging yourself to work every day just to earn a living, you are perhaps then intensely, seriously, unhappy with whatever you are doing. Instead of subjecting yourself to all this misery, on the altar of a deceptive sense of economic security, pause, reflect and re-examine your priorities. Ask yourself what will make you deliriously happy? And simply go do it! Then, as you will discover, doors will open…always!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“There are three parts to your Life at any given moment. 1. The part where a complex problem situation is either totally or immediately unsolvable; so, over time, you intuitively learn to isolate this part while still dealing with it. 2. The part where all the existential drama happens – everyday grief, anxieties, stresses, suffering, worries, frustrations…stuff, often linked to the first part, that continuously keeps puncturing your happy state. 3. The center – your center. This is where you are in sync with the Universe’s, divine, energy; this center is your deeply personal oasis of happiness. Just as there’s complete calm at the epicentre of a cyclone, there is absolute stillness within you. You must find that stillness, that silence, you must find your center. Only then will you be unmoved by the other two parts of your Life. It’s from your center that your art flows and that’s where your Happiness lies!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“How would you do what you are doing if there was no reward, no goal, no measure of Success or Failure attached to it? How would you perform if you only focused on doing something for the joy of doing it? When you live Life, working only for joy, then neither Success nor Failure can hold you hostage. Of course, please demand a premium for your service or offering in the commercial market, but please don’t fall into the trap of valuing what you do only on economic or material parameters. When you enjoy the journey and realize that it is the only reward, you will never be keyed up over the outcomes. This is the way to a perennial state of Happiness, to Bliss!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“We are all Life’s children because, to borrow from Khalil Gibran, we are a manifestation of Life’s longing for itself; we are only delivered through our parents into this Universe! So, Life’s reason for creating you presents itself again and again and again, in myriad forms, until you have identified, awakened to and embraced that reason. That’s why, there is almost always, inevitably, a connection between your earliest influences and aspirations and your Bliss, with what you eventually end up wanting to do in, and with, your Life!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“In today’s hyperactive social media-led environment, it is likely that a lot of pressure builds up within you to also want to be “seen”, to be “counted” among the others. It is possible that you feel distressed when people don’t talk about you or your work. You may also perhaps be agonizing over the fact that people who you think are creating far less value are more popular than you. Relax. The Purpose of your Life is not to be famous. Your fame is worthwhile only when it is relevant to posterity – when your work, and your Life’s message, lives on long after you are gone. So, just chill. Put your head down and focus on creating unputdownable value, doing meaningful work, than brooding over why you are not garnering attention and followership on social media! You will then see how happy you really are with what is!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Bliss has a funny, inexplicable, often bizarre, magnetic pull. To draw you into its fold, it will conspire to create opportunities and circumstances that will make you sit up, take notice, make choices, change direction and destination. You will be often left with a this-is-the-only-choice situation. Why? Because yehi hai right choice baby! Because Life wants you to arrive at the point where a new Life is waiting for you!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“There is no need to respond to every provocation around you. Sometimes you may be the victim of someone’s wily designs, or their stupidity, or someone may blatantly harass you, or someone may just be plain insensitive. Every such act will provoke you. Your mind will justify the need to ‘fix the person’ then and there. But don’t rush into doing that. The best way to disarm someone is to not fight them at all. In fact, focus on the situation, on the issue that separates you both and not on the person in question. Give the situation and the issue time – give them calm, reflective, thought. And then respond unemotionally, to the issue – but respond only if you really must. Sometimes, even choosing to remain silent is a powerful response! Protecting your inner peace must be your priority, not settling petty scores!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“لا نكون سعداء إلّا حينما ينعدم إحساسُنا بالحذاء الذي في قدَمِنا”
― Afonso Cruz, O Pintor Debaixo do Lava-Loiças

“But if they, the infinitely dead, were awakening an image within us,
see, they would perhaps point to the catkins
hanging from the bare hazels, or
mean the rain pelting the dark earth in spring.—

And we, who think of happiness as
rising, would feel an emotion
that almost startles
when a happy thing falls.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies

“Things are never as bad as you think they are when they first hit you. So, when a situation blows up in your face, don’t resist it, go with its flow. Chances are the ground beneath your feet may appear to cave in, or it may look like the roof over your head has blown away…you will imagine that there is no way you can survive this situation…you will fear that your Life, your world, is going to end. But don’t panic. Don’t worry. Just go with the flow, doing what you can – and what you possibly must – in the given circumstances. Slowly, with reflection, reason, prayer, letting go and acceptance, you realize that everything can – and must – be faced. And that the situation doesn’t seem so formidable after all! This is how you find strength and inner peace in a storm!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Most people think I'm crazy—I'm in a cult called happiness, I practice the religion of kindness, I'm a quack in the pseudoscience of love, I work in the field of unlimited possibilities, my diet is that of knowledge, my orientation is irrelevant, my purpose is growth, my entitlement is freedom, my motivation is joy, my evidence is my success, and my race is humankind—I still haven't figured out the crazy part.”
― Drew Gerald

“For some reason all activity, all happiness on the part of other people made me feel like vomiting. I was aware that my own life was finished and was slowly and painfully guttering out. What earthly reason had I to concern myself with the lives of the fools, the rabble-people who were fit and healthy, ate well, slept well, and copulated well and who had never experienced a particle of my sufferings or felt the wings of death every minute brushing against their faces?”
― Sadegh Hedayat, The Blind Owl

“Song
Allen Ginsberg

The weight of the world
is love.
Under the burden
of solitude,
under the burden
of dissatisfaction

the weight,
the weight we carry
is love.

Who can deny?
In dreams
it touches
the body,
in thought
constructs
a miracle,
in imagination
anguishes
till born
in human—
looks out of the heart
burning with purity—
for the burden of life
is love,

but we carry the weight
wearily,
and so must rest
in the arms of love
at last,
must rest in the arms
of love.

No rest
without love,
no sleep
without dreams
of love—
be mad or chill
obsessed with angels
or machines,
the final wish
is love
—cannot be bitter,
cannot deny,
cannot withhold
if denied:

the weight is too heavy

—must give
for no return
as thought
is given
in solitude
in all the excellence
of its excess.

The warm bodies
shine together
in the darkness,
the hand moves
to the center
of the flesh,
the skin trembles
in happiness
and the soul comes
joyful to the eye—
**
yes, yes,
that’s what
I wanted,
I always wanted,
I always wanted,
to return
to the body
where I was born.”
― Allen Ginsberg

“Yes, you will. You have no end of pluck. One day you are going to be very happy."

"Never, Gerty. We rich girls always end up with sneaks- no decent person comes near us."

"There are other things which make happiness besides- pleasant things happening to one."

"What sort of things?"

Gertrude paused a minute, then said bravely: "Our own self-respect, and the integrity of the people we care for."

"That sounds very nice," replied Conny, without enthusiasm, "but I should like a little bit of the more obvious sort of happiness as well."

Gertrude gave a laugh, which was also a sob.
"So should I, Conny, so should I.”
― Amy Levy, The Romance of a Shop

“Failure is an event. A mere data point. You tried something. And it didn’t work out. But society makes it looks like a crime. The label of Failure that is pinned on you is far more burdensome than the act of failing itself. So, the simplest thing to do is to not let that label stick; peel it off and chuck it away! For the same reason, don’t take Success too seriously either. Life happens through you, not because of you! Your success is not your own doing; it is Life’s longing for expressing itself through you. And when you fail, it is Life’s way of teaching you more about itself, about the fact that Life, not you, is in control!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Understand a simple truth about Life: you have to go through what you have to go through! No amount of praying or wishing can change what you have to, and will, experience in Life. So, stop resisting anything that you dislike and are faced with. The role of a crisis is to make you stronger, wiser and, interestingly, happy. Look back at all that you have been through and you will find that you are better from your experiences. So, why be bitter about whatever’s happening to you now? Embrace your current reality, accept it as your new normal, and keep doing what you can possibly do each given day. Over time, you will find yourself soaked in equanimity, no matter how hard the going is!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“When someone chooses not to understand you, despite your best efforts, you may want to examine whether they are not getting what you are saying or if they simply don’t want to understand you. If it is the latter, Life is so much simpler for both of you – there is no need to invest any more time and energy in striving for that understanding. The brutal truth that you often fail to confront is the fact that someone who is keen not to understand you, perhaps never will, no matter how hard you try!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“We are complete in ourselves. But sometimes it takes a life time for us to understand this. For every doubt that breeds in our own mind, we have a confident thought to balance it! There is light within all of us but sometimes we choose to see only the darkness. We are strong in ourselves but sometimes we choose weakness. Because at the end of the day to have felt sadness means we are capable of discovering the happiness too!”
― Avijeet Das

“We are complete in ourselves. But sometimes it takes a life time for us to understand this. For every doubt that breeds in our own mind, we have a confident thought to balance it! There is light within all of us but sometimes we choose to see only the darkness. We are strong in ourselves but sometimes we choose weakness. Because at the end of the day to have felt sadness means we are capable of discovering happiness too!”
― Avijeet Das

“Unfortunately, it's not against the law in this country to drink yourself to death.”
― Drew Pinsky, Cracked: Putting Broken Lives Together Again

“Faith is not a ‘thing’ you have in an external God that you have been conditioned to worship. Faith is simply trusting the process of Life. You are because of Life, because you are alive. So, if you have been given this lifetime, in this human form, without your even asking to be born, trust that you will get all that you need and you will eventually reach where you must arrive. And until you see Life’s magic and beauty, until you realize that it is what it is, be Patient with the process of Life. Which is why, Faith and Patience are truly the most empowering keywords or philosophies in Life. When you have Faith and Patience, Life is beautiful, just the way it is!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“I shut myself in because I'm lonely. Because I don't want to face any more loneliness, I shut myself away. [...] I'm greedier than anyone. I don't want some half-assed happiness. I don't need some partial warmth. I want a happiness that goes on forever. That's impossible, though! I don't know why it is, but in this world, some interference is sure to come. Important things break right away. I've been alive for twenty-two years, and I know at least this much. It doesn't matter what the thing is, but it will break. That's why, from the beginning, it's better not to need anything.”
― Tatsuhiko Takimoto, Welcome to the N.H.K.

“Whatever it is, take it as it comes. This is surely never easy. But when you understand that you can’t win fighting Life, you will realize that this is the only option. So, going with the flow is not quite a spiritual or romantic, feel-good, concept as it is made out to be. It is an intelligent choice, driven by plain common sense, of doing what you possibly can in a given situation. When you awaken to this truth, you will be happy despite your circumstances.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“I feel I have adequate cause to be happy, and I will be happy. Good-bye!”
― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre

“I would simply like to reclaim an old and, alas, quite unfashionable private formula: Moderate enjoyment is double enjoyment. And: Do not overlook the little joys!”
― Hermann Hesse

“What they sang had occurred to him before, but this thought had somehow sat behind other thoughts in his head and flashed timidly, like a distant lantern in misty weather. And he felt that this suicide and the peasant’s grievances lay in his conscience too; to be reconciled with the fact that these people, submissive to their lot, heaped on themselves what was heaviest and darkest in life — how terrible it was! To be reconciled with that, and to wish for oneself a bright, boisterous life among happy, contented people, and to dream constantly of such a life, meant to dream of new suicides by overworked, careworn people, or by weak neglected people, whom one sometimes talked about with vexation or mockery over dinner, but whom one did not go to help.”
― Anton Chekhov, Selected Stories of Anton Chekhov

“Life, at the end of the day, is a simple mindgame. This means, essentially, that you learn to control your thoughts, that you learn to be non-worrying, non-frustrated and non-suffering. Then, no matter what you are going through, you live a better, fuller, happy Life.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“I have been through highs and lows in this journey of life. I have experienced ecstatic happiness and utter sadness in my life. While undertaking this journey of life, I have come to the realization that we may not have everything in life, but still we can remain happy. We may have something missing in our life yet, we can achieve happiness. What is really important for us is to achieve a feeling of calm and peace! We can discover this feeling withing ourselves. And once we achieve this state of calm and peace within ourselves then this state will lead us to happiness!”
― Avijeet Das

“Don’t wish that your Life is different from what it is now. This is how you invite suffering into your Life. What is happening to you has already arrived in your Life. You can’t wish it away, you can’t undo it, you can’t deny its presence. By asking why is something happening in your Life, you are resisting your current reality. That’s also why you are suffering. Instead, learn to be non-suffering by embracing what is. Being non-suffering is a personal choice, it holds the key to your Happiness!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“You make do with what you have. As you age you learn even to be happy with what you have. That’s one of the few good points of growing older.”
― Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running

“If you have haters, the solution is simple: ignore them and keep doing what you do.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“If a hater can directly influence your plans, then your plans aren’t ambitious enough.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“There is no magic wand to get rid of haters. There is no secret spell to win them over to your side.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Progress on the social ladder is almost always the result of progress in other areas of your life.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Student: How does Self-realization of an individual help society?

Ramdas: By Self-realization you become happy inwardly and therefore seek nothing from outside. So, your activities flow out only for the uplift and good of others. A man who is discontented within seeks for external things in order to get happiness, and so doing, harms society. He thinks he will get happiness from external objects.

When you have found true happiness by realizing the Self, that is, by realizing that your true nature is absolute peace and bliss, you are not in conflict with anybody, your vision is equal and your activities turn to the service of everyone. Then it is that you become the true instrument of God.”
― Swami Ramdas, The Essential Swami Ramdas

“Purpose, Vision and Values are crucial to the journey of Life. Why are you doing what you are doing (Purpose), where are you headed (Vision) and what guiding principles (Values) will you never compromise on? When you are clear about these aspects of your Life then the result does not matter. Yes, there will be times you will get what you want, but that Success will sit lightly on you. And in the times when you don’t get what you want, Failure will not torment you, it will not weigh you down. Being unmoved by both Failure and Success is the only art you need to master to get through Life; this is what leads you to being happy despite the circumstances.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Know how you hide something important at a safe place so bad that you end up forgetting the place yourself? I think I did that to my happiness.”
― Nitya Prakash

“I don't know whether to be happy or sad when people say they relate with my words.”
― Nitya Prakash

“I'm actually a very secure and happy person, and I know this because I tell it to my therapist every Monday for fifty minutes.”
― Ariel Kaplan, We Are the Perfect Girl

“Awareness breeds health, whereas callousness breeds more suffering.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Gospel of Technology

“What is your heart worth?
What about your time?
What holds your heart, holds your attention.
What holds your attention, holds your time.
What holds your time, holds your life.
And if it's possessions that holds these things,
It will demand it all.”
― Eric Overby, Senses

“...he forgot for the while what experience had taught him-that no human being can really understand another, and no one can arrange another's happiness.”
― Graham Greene, Author's Choice: Four Novels by Graham Greene

“If you have a house, food, family and people you care about
The dish of your life is delicious without any doubt;”
― Manali Manan Desai, A Rustic Mind

“True enlightenment arrives the moment you understand the difference between your wants and your needs. When you awaken to this understanding, you will realize that Life has always been providing for you, caring for you, giving you all that you need. This is how you stop wanting anything, anymore and start living with what you have, with what is. This is how you learn to be happy despite your circumstances.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Whatever be your current reality, you are never in conflict with it. Life is happening to you. And you are going with the flow. A health challenge, a break-up, the loss of a loved one, a career-related complication, a messy financial situation, whatever you are dealing with, you are doing pretty fine living with what is. However, the moment your mind plays up an expectation that your Life must be different from what it is now, suffering kicks in. So, clearly, suffering comes from expectations. And you cause your expectations. The solution, therefore, to avoid suffering is to drop all expectations. Embrace your current reality, do what you can do in the given context and keep moving…”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Violent thought affects your inner peace and Happiness more than you can ever imagine. When you are on the street and you use an expletive to yell at an errant road user, that is violent thought. This tendency to think ill of someone, even if you have been provoked or wronged, has to cease. This is the ahimsa that Gandhi talked about. It wasn’t just about violent action being given up, it was also about violent thought ceasing. When you train your mind to be non-violent in thought, and of course action, that is when you will discover that you are the Happiness that you seek!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Her looks and words had nothing to restrain them. She was happy, she knew she was happy, and knew she ought to be happy.”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice, and Emma

“You have to be clear that, often times, in fact almost always, despite your best efforts, perfection and success may elude you. So, the only way to stay anchored, and at peace with yourself and with your world, is to embrace what is. If you tried hard, if you put in your best, just celebrate the process of trying, of doing your best…leave the results and outcomes to Life. You can never get a perfect 10! And what you have is what it is. When you embrace this idea and live your Life, you will never be keyed up over the outcomes. You will enjoy the process, above all. And that is the key to your Happiness!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“If in doubt choose happiness!”
― Jacqueline Pirtle, 365 Days of Happiness: Because Happiness Is a Piece of Cake!

“When you start viewing another person’s Life and wonder “how’s it that they are having a good time when I am not?”, well then, you have invited suffering into your own Life! Be sure…1. You don’t know their story and don’t quite know if they are really having a ‘good’ time and 2. It’s their Life and another person’s Life is none of your business! Seriously. So, to be happy, stop comparing yourself with others. Period.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Those who are happy, belong more to themselves than they belong to the world.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“No doubt my heart will grow fonder in your absence. But be sure you're going to be Lonely in your happiness.”
― Raj Kumar Koochitani

“Arrange your friend-list in a very prioritized order because sometimes people might be replaced buy your self-respect and dignity can't.”
― Raj Kumar Koochitani

“Being a successful person, your luck and your believe in yourself is not necessary. The only thing which is quite needed is, your hard-work.”
― Raj Kumar Koochitani

“Dealing with toxic people is an art that can be learnt. Whether it is in a family, among friends or at the workplace, exercise a choice to establish and maintain clear contours of your relationship with such people. Define very clearly in your mind what about this person irks you. And draw the line there. The point is not whether others can get along with such people, the point is that you cannot suffer them. So, when others ask you to be “adjusting”, you must tell them why you can’t do this – that it affects your inner peace. Once you define and draw the boundaries clearly, barring the initial settling in issues, pretty soon, everyone will see value in your approach. Clearly, there’s no point sacrificing your Happiness for another’s behavior or your reluctance to call them out!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“The successful American’s lifestyle is now increasing one motivated by hedonism, representing the merger of a happiness culture and celebration of an individualistic self.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Life serves us all wake-up calls at different times. Through experiences, events, conversations. You can surely turn off the alarm clock and go back to sleep, which is you can ignore the call, but you can’t deny that it is time you woke up. What is interesting is that if you don’t heed the wake-up call the first time, Life will come back and knock you on your head again and again. It is your choice to process that stimuli or not that makes all the difference.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Why would I spend my life chasing rainbows when I can be still and see them in their full beauty”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“—Yo también siento haber perdido el control. No quiero organizar
tu vida. Quiero que te hagas feliz.
Eso me gustó. «Quiero que te hagas feliz» no era una promesa
Disney de príncipes de cuento que velan por la felicidad de sus
princesas. No era nada irreal. Era undeseo de carne y hueso, que me abrazaba con fuerza, que se
preocupaba, viendo cómo yo me tambaleaba en una cuerda floja,
entre hacer las cosas que quería y el miedo
a no conseguirlas jamás”
― Elísabet Benavent. Alguien como tú (Mi elección #2)

“Reality is bitter sometimes!
Accept the facts sooner than later..
It puts one in the right direction; to act upon paving way for dreams and happiness again.”
― Somya Kedia

“When December comes, you say you wish the holidays were already over and done with and well behind us, and I think you pretend to hate happiness in order to make yourself believe that, if your life seems an unhappy one, at least you’re the one who chose it. As if you wanted to pretend you had some control over your own unhappiness. As if you wanted to give the impression that, if your life was too hard, you wanted it that way, out of disgust with pleasure, out of a loathing for joy.”
― Édouard Louis, Qui a tué mon père

“Life is eventually about things, people, relationships, projects, opportunities money, health and even memories - all of them being taken away from you! Life is about constantly embracing new normals, it is about finding meaning, Purpose, beauty and Happiness in what is!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“I used to think the secret to a happy ending was to bring down the curtain at the exact right time.”
― Chuck Palahniuk

“In order to be fearless, just "fear" less.”
― Tracy A Malone

“Madly in love after so many years of sterile complicity, they enjoyed the miracle of loving each other as much at the table as in bed, and they grew to be so happy that even when they were two worn-out old people they kept on blooming like little children and playing like dogs.”
― Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude

“Whence come those mysterious influences which change our happiness into discouragement, and our self-confidence into diffidence?”
― Guy de Maupassant, The Horla

“Mistakes have the power to turn you into something better than you were before.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, Let's Face It

“You can learn a lot from your mistakes when you aren't busy denying them.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Once you understand the power of meditation, you don’t even need to engage in it as a practice. You don’t need to then set aside a particular time of the day for meditation as an activity. In that state, you are that; you are meditative in everything that you do. There is a mindful, immersive quality to your Life then. Surely, debilitating emotions and disturbing thoughts will come calling, but your awareness, your mindfulness, helps you to not pick them up. You see them, you feel them, but you let them pass. This discerning ability to choose wisely is the biggest gift that meditation delivers. This is what helps you to be happy despite your circumstances.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“What others think of you, or what they say or do to you, is their business; not yours! They have a right to their opinions. And you must just let them be. It is when you try to change their opinion of you that you grieve – and often suffer. Instead, be unmoved by their choices, their utterances, and just be true to yourself. You will then be fearless and unaffected by all that is happening around you.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Truly loving people are uncommon. They are as uncommon as awake people. Our success in learning about love will directly correlate to our level of happiness. It is certainly worth persevering with the learning process which involves a great deal of honesty, introspection, and forgiveness. Even if we are the only one in the relationship on that path, it doesn’t matter. We will still be blessed with our own happiness and isn’t that the bottom line of what we all want? Our first responsibility is to create a happy life for ourselves. If the other person in the relationship learns to also value love, honesty, and forgiveness then the relationship will transform, usually slowly, into a strong connection which is good for the couple and others alike.”
― Donna Goddard, Love, Devotion, and Longing

“Why chase rainbows when you've already caught one?”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Being happy professionally is really the ability to do what you love doing the way you want to do it. Which is, if you have a natural talent and you have honed it to a world-class standard, you want the creative and professional space to express this talent your way. However, because your customers – both paying customers and society at large – want to control what they want from you, there may be times when you feel suffocated and unhappy. Ask yourself: is it worth doing something for money or social acclaim/validation at the cost of your inner peace or Happiness? If the answer to this question is ‘no’ – choose to be ‘humbly ruthless’. Be unflinching and non-negotiable on your professional and creative standards. Yet take that position with all humility, knowing fully well that someone else may fulfil that need for your customer should you opt out. Surprisingly though, 9 times out of 10, people may come back and work with you. The one deal that breaks off may have never made you happy; so, really, no sweat there! This is the key to Happiness – being ‘humbly ruthless’!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“It’s not your job to make me happy. It is my job to reach for the happiness that is already within me.”
― Diamond Mike Watson

“Letting go of toxic thoughts and people who bring a lot of negativity to your life, are major steps towards being happy.”
― Neeraj Singhvi, Temple Of Destiny

“Your Bliss is your fuel! It is your alarm clock…it is your Americano...it is your double large Single Malt on the rocks!! It will wake you up, keep you awake, lead you, draw you in, drive you and, importantly, it will give you a perpetual high!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Make your Bliss the reason why you live and then watch the magic unfold. All that you need will flow to you on its own! Every single time!!!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“When your work becomes your prayer, Life becomes meaningful. We are conditioned to imagine that work is a means to earn a living. But what if you made your work the reason why you live, the raison d’etre for your Happiness, for your living? Think: how happy you possibly can be when what you
do every day is your prayer, your selfless offering to a Higher Energy, to the creator. Simply, instead of making money the object, make your work your prayer and strive for
world-class excellence…money, over time, will eventually flow to you, just as
everything you need will!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Happiness is a word that has fallen from the moon, she does not know about reasons and does not care about effects.”
― Corina Abdulahm-Negura

“Success isn't measured in money.
It's measured in happiness.
That's why there are so many unhappy people in the world.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“It is our deepest hurts which have the power to help and heal us. What else carries an internal fire big enough to force us forwards? What else has the momentum to wake us up? What else has enough pain to make us long for something better? What else will drive us into the waiting arms of that beautiful, invisible life-force which yearns to help us? What else will teach us to feel the love which has no betrayal; the love which seeks only good?”
― Donna Goddard, Love, Devotion, and Longing

“Whatever our Present, it is not Magic… It may be Good, it may be Tragic… It depends on what we did in the past, Karma will decide until when it will last.”
― AiR Atman in Ravi

“Train your mind to be non-worrying, non-frustrated and non-suffering. And then feel the difference. Non-worrying does not mean that worries will not arise; it means you won't pick up a worry and give it any attention or power. Non-frustrated does not mean inaction or resignation; it means you will not feel defeated when your efforts to fix whatever you want changed in your Life repeatedly come unstuck. And non-suffering does not mean you are free from pain; it means you have learned to co-live with extreme pain by choosing to not ask 'why' or 'why me'. Now, when you are non-worrying, non-frustrated and non-suffering, you are happy. Simple.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“When you are wronged by someone, you have two options: either fight back or walk away. Now, if you can forgive and move on, walk way. But if you will grieve and suffer forever that feeling of having been violated and short-changed, fight. But don’t fight if it will make you wallow in a maze of debilitating emotions – anger, grief, fear, insecurity, worry, hatred…such a fight that drains you of all your goodness, and which leaves you cold and numb, is simply not worth it. But if you don’t fight the good fight, understandably, the cause will be lost. And that’s sacrilege. So, the key is to practice detached determination. Fight with focus and strategy and fight calmly, happily! Fight with detachment – don’t cling on to your desired outcomes, don’t set deadlines. Simply fight. When you fight the good fight, with equanimity and a sense of Purpose, the outcome never matters. The fact that you stood up and fought does.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“There are many opportunities in every single day, and Monday is the perfect day to seize them all.”
― Isabella Koldras

“Who stops us from Realizing God? It is the Mind… our Enemy. It hides from us, our Lord!”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The A to Z of Karma

“I will not live a stagnant life. I will explore the length, depth, and breadth of what this beautiful life offers. Wins and losses, love and heartbreak, laughter and tears... I’m not just here for the victories; I’m here for the scars. I refuse to experience anything less.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Apna Time Ayega’ is perhaps a way to console yourself when you don’t get what you want but you see all others around you getting ‘success, fame and money’. But wait! What’s wrong with having to toil longer for what you want and experience delays and denials while honing your creativity, your skills and your art? What is wrong with enjoying the process of doing what makes you come alive? Actually, it is this process, this journey, that counts more than arriving at some place, proving to someone or getting something! There is no right time in the future. This moment, now, this is the only time you have – because the past is dead and the future is not yet born. This is always the right time. So, instead of sighing and saying ‘Apna Time Ayega’, flip the paradigm, say: ‘Yehi Hai Right Time, Baby!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“You are blossoming in each everlasting moment. You are not this person that deals with the details of our existence. You are so much more, never forget you are wonderful. You are the conscious breath that gives life the opportunity to become more conscious.”
― Steve Leasock

“No people can live more happy than the Indians did in times of peace...Their lives were a continual round of pleasures.”
― Sebastian Junger, Tribe: On Homecoming and Belonging

“The dark before the dawn is only there to show the light where it needs to be.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“When you are confronted with many problems at the same time, don’t be overwhelmed or emotional and attempt to solve all of them at the same time. You simply can’t. Approach your problems with basic project management skills. Sort your problems into different buckets: A. which ones cannot be solved ever B. which ones cannot be solved by you C. which ones can be solved by you over time and D. which ones can be solved by you immediately? Obviously, go to work today on bucket D, while planning to schedule time and collaborations to address buckets C and B. Of course, learn to accept those in bucket A with humility and equanimity and move on. This is the only way you can focus sharply, be calm and find strength in a storm and be happy!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“When you wish pain and suffering on someone who wronged you, what is actually happening is that you are still cooking within yourself. You are the one who is suffering. And you are expressing this suffering by wishing that your perpetrator must also suffer. Now, this reaction is normal; it is human to feel this way. But if you pause and reflect quietly, you will see the futility of causing your own suffering. If you must fight your perpetrator legally, do that. But do that dispassionately, without acrimony; let it simply be a clinical process. You don’t have to even forgive the person if you really are not feeling like it yet. But stop wishing that they suffer. That’s a big step forward in your own healing. When you take this step, over time, you will realize that Life always serves retribution at its own pace and that nothing liberates you as much as forgiveness does!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Receive with joy”
― Daren Martin

“Do what you fear and fear disappears.”
― David Schwartz

“Grief is an important emotion. Don’t suppress it. Go through the process of grieving as long as you feel it is important and necessary for you to grieve. Don’t let people tell you that to grieve is being weak or being depressive. Hardly. Choose your own way of expressing your grief. If you must cry, cry. If you prefer being silent, be that way. But whatever you do, remember that grief when carried for too long in you becomes a burden. Then it begins to cause your suffering. So, at some point, hold up your grief and examine it. Is it serving any Purpose? Is the process of grieving comforting you or is it making you feel miserable? The moment you realize the futility of clinging on to grief, you will set it down. This will set you free. You will then be happy despite the circumstances.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Religion is a human invention. It is a device with which a few people control the masses, employing fear and divisiveness. Allowing ourselves to be divided on the lines of religion is being outright stupid. Because judging and alienating – hating – another human being causes, above all, your own suffering.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Adulting is serious stuff. Yes, it is cool to be independent and getting to do your own thing. But with freedom comes responsibility. Where you are not just responsible for taking care of yourself or earning enough to pay your bills, but you are also responsible for facing Life and dealing with its upheavals and surprises. There are no right or wrong ways to face Life. Everyone has to do what they believe they have to do at a particular moment and keep going. Eventually, you will figure out why what happened to you was part of your own myth unfolding. So, if you are a young adult and are up against a wall, keep the faith and keep walking. Doors will always open, the path will always appear...”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“There is a message for all city makers here. It is that with the right triangulation, even the ugliest of places can be infused with the warmth that turns strangers into familiars by giving us enough reason to slow down.”
― Charles Montgomery, Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design

“When facing a Life-changing crisis, don’t expect your situation to turn around instantaneously. It won’t. So, prepare for the long haul. Nourish yourself. Meditate. Pray. Eat your meals on time and please eat healthy stuff. Exercise. Go for long walks. Goof off once in a while. Your being morose, or your worrying stiff, is not going to solve your problems. The situation will resolve only when the time arrives. Until that happens, you have to last, you have to survive. So, take care of yourself. Every moment. Every day.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“I am one of the happiest gals you know because I choose it every single day. I choose to practice gratitude; I choose to surround myself with things and people who support positivity.”
― Rachel Hollis, Girl, Stop Apologizing: A Shame-Free Plan for Embracing and Achieving Your Goals

“Love what you see in life and you will find out why you are loved in life.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“A person desires more out of life than simply makeshift survival. How does a person live sensationally? Must we pursue pleasure wherever and however we can find it? Alternatively, must a person suppress or at least check some of their instinctive, beastly desires to forge a quality state of happiness? Arguably, a majority of people benefit when each person labors to control their personage. On the other hand, perchance the Ancient Romans were correct openly to embrace the notion that humankind’s base nature demands that all full-bodied persons act to satiate their rapacious lust. Perhaps various religious doctrines and philosophical grumps were correct to embrace an alternative creed that personal happiness and stable community relationships are dependent upon conditioning the masses to exercise self-discipline. Perhaps other thinkers who advocate living passionately devoted to achieving virtuous goals while resisting a path of debauchery present the most gallant argument how to live brilliantly in the face of absurdity. Perchance the test of any ethical code governing how we should live must begin by questioning whether living in accordance with the prescribed guidelines assist us achieve emotional equanimity? Does our lifestyle choice bring harmony to the mind and body? Does our personal protocol facilitate carefree immersion in daily affairs? Does our code of conduct allow us to transcend the impoverishment, corruption, and brutality of our times? Does our moral etiquette enable us to glean satisfaction in the commonplace acts of living carefully? Does our philosophical and ethical methodology allow us to strain the innermost contentment and joy from the purity of nature’s bounty?”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Find a partner where both of you can’t wait for the other to wake up in the morning. Relationships like this make a morning cup of coffee special, heartwarming and to the point of excitement.”
― Ron Baratono

“In Struggle flaunt your robust style,
In Happiness, simply like a Rose fragrant your smile!”
― Somya Kedia

“You only get one life, Luna. One stab at this thing called happiness. Why deprive yourself of things you want just because they weren’t given to you the way you hoped for them to come?”
― L.J. Shen, Broken Knight

“True happiness is never found by restricting your engagement with another.”
― Jeffrey G. Duarte

“Their eyes met and they smiled at each other.
'I say, you’re here,' said the Duke, as if something wonderful had happened.”
― Lisa Berne, The Worst Duke in the World

“Happiness is not a laughter. Happiness is not both rejoicing and mourning too. Happiness is a tear. The more we laugh in this life, the more we will be in sorrow. But the more God gives us cry, the more we will be in joy.”
― indonesia123

“A grateful heart is a beginning of greatness. It is an expression of humility. It is a foundation for the development of such virtues as prayer, faith, courage, contentment, happiness, love, and well-being”
― James E. Faust

“If you don't want to be lonely... don't be lonely. Fill your days with purpose, work, friends, family, and your own company. You'll discover a wonderful new kind of romance with life and you'll be very happy.”
― Emilyann Allen (pseudonyms Emilyann Phoenix and Emilyann Girdner)

“„Gib jedem Tag die Chance,
der schönste
Deines Lebens zu werden.“
(Mark Twain)”
― Lisa Skydla

“Enjoy all things.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Happiness isn't something you win in the lottery. Happiness is a state of being, a conscious choice, just like getting dressed in the morning. You must consciously choose to wear it.”
― Sahara Brouwer

“Sometimes I'm so happy with myself that I smile at nothing.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“When other people are happy, I don't have to worry about them. There is room for my happiness.”
― Ling Ma, Severance

“If there was no struggle, happiness would never be an achievement.”
― KRJPD

“The biggest enemy of future success is arrogance, indifference and the unwillingness to learn, unlearn, relearn, change and grow.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, The Secret of Greatness

“If you Believe whatever you read, and don’t Discriminate between Bead and Seed...If Myth and Superstition is all you Feed, then Misery in Life will take the Lead.”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The 4th Factor

“In my experience, the best cosmetic for a woman is happiness.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Those things you have but stupidly don’t appreciate
Are on someone else’s wish list …
Be grateful!”
― Samiha Totanji

“What's Happiness?
It means to Live- this minute, this hour.
Don't reel over what may happen or what's gone.
You have this very time Alone;
To Shine, to smile & to Rise & to be Shown.”
― Somya Kedia

“I don’t really RE-define things in my life as much as I UN-define them. Instead of changing the placement of psychological walls, I remove them.”
― Steve Maraboli

“I have a new theory", he said, "and the theory is this: if I develop a great capacity for feeling pain, then I am also developing a great capacity for feeling happiness.”
― Benjamin Alire Sáenz

“Happiness is harder to put into words. It's also harder to source, much more mysterious than anger or sorrow, which come to me promptly, whenever I summon them, and remain long after I've begged them to leave.”
― David Sedaris, Calypso

“Between Pain and Happiness, we are Selves in Making.”
― Somya Kedia

“Become a rainbow in someone's life today.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“You can't do the impossible, but you can do something, and that something you can do is your freedom and your happiness.”
― Marty Rubin

“A smile will even make the darkest of clouds shine.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“It becomes apparent that it would be impossible to feel alone as we are intimately connected to a thriving life-force.”
― Donna Goddard, Love, Devotion, and Longing

“You can’t understand this yet, but that’s most of life: breaking your own promises to yourself.”
― katherine center, Happiness for Beginners

“[At] times we have to grab life with both hands, and twist and squeeze and wrench just to extract one sweet drop from this world: But oh how sweet, how nourishing and wholesome, when we discover that even a drop of joy and beauty and hope is possible.”
― John Sean Doyle, Mud and Dreams:

“To live completely is a felt poetic.”
― John Sean Doyle, Mud and Dreams:

“We are most ourselves, the most human, when we unabashedly immerse ourselves in the world with love and hope, gratitude and kindness.”
― John Sean Doyle, Mud and Dreams:

“Building Your Own Family Is Like A Contractor Without A Labour.”
― Mansah Bi Lartey

“But the things we remember are what we hold on to, and what we hold on to becomes the story of our lives. We only get one story. And I am determined to make mine a good one.”
― Katherine Center, Happiness for Beginners

“The lived on the mistaken assumption that their lives mattered, that life was essentially fair, that it was all going to wind up happy in the end. I knew what they didn’t—that everything you care about will disappear, that deserving a happy life doesn’t mean you can get one, and that there really is no one in the entire world you can count on but yourself.”
― Katherine Center, Happiness for Beginners

“To me, life is like an orchard. You pick the fruit when you see it. For years, I bummed around the world looking for happiness. Then I realized happiness isn't something you find. All the happiness in the world is between your own two ears.”
― Jim Unger

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.




I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“I was going to make myself miserable on this trip by being overly serious and overly self-conscious and overly self-critical. And Jake was going to make me even more miserable by being the pure opposite of all those things.”
― katherine center

“Achieving a state of peaceful bliss is much sought after, though the attainment of such should never be conflated with accessing “Higher Truth.”

The difference between Truth & Bliss can be felt viscerally.

Bliss is the willful choice to disengage from
inner conflict. The revelation of verities
is the harmony obtained after mental strife has yielded a valid verdict.”
― Brian Goedken

“[N]ot getting what you want forces you to appreciate what you already have.”
― Katherine Center, Happiness for Beginners

“Today is a great day to divert your attention to something more positive than negative media. Life is far too short for skanky fodder.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Discussion around timelines and aging is a linear mindset. Consider replacing that with thoughts of expansion, wholeness, infinity and joy.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Only one question worth asking: why aren't you happy just to be alive?”
― Marty Rubin

“The world talks so much about God. But little do we really know. God is such an Amazing Power. This Cosmos is His Show.”
― AiR Atman in Ravi

“The harmony of the spirit with the soul leads to happiness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“How can there be happiness without harmony of soul with the spirit?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Happiness is harmony of spirit with the soul.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“the happiness formula:

Eat right
Exercise
Get enough sleep
Imagine an incredible future (even if you don’t believe it)
Work toward a flexible schedule
Do things you can steadily improve at
Help others (if you’ve already helped yourself)
Reduce daily decisions to routine”
― Scott Adams, How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big: Kind of the Story of My Life

“Hugs from heaven,
Goosebumps of love,
Dreams of happiness,
Fall from above.
The world is our beauty,
Our friend for life,
The angels will guide us,
Throughout this life.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“And her wings gave her poise in her heavenly flight so that all could behold her beauty.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Love, time doth change."

The rose was red,
The color of love,
Its petals vibrant,
A sign of your love.
Its stem did twine,
Around my heart,
But it couldn't keep it pumping,
One day it failed to start.
As clouds parted,
Oceans apart,
We only had our memories,
To remember,
Our love would last.
But time went on,
Your love did change,
And so the rose,
Began to change.
Thorns grew wild,
Petals did fade,
My rose was wilting,
Showing its age.
Red was no more,
Black was the hue,
Without your love,
What was I to do?
I tended my garden,
The thoughts in my mind,
For you were still my love,
For me in my mind.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“We have at our fingertips, access to so much meaning and promise, if we would only let ourselves see.”
― John Sean Doyle, Mud and Dreams:

“We are experiencing the energy of life and love has blossomed through this sharing experience.”
― Steve Leasock

“Is it possible to rediscover life within the limits of a mind that is still basically unaware of what can be experienced beyond the mind?”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“
What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.




I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“Embracing change which life offers us is the first step to inner happiness.”
― Nozer Kanga, Living with Consciousness: Everyday Inspirations for Spiritual Growth and Personal Fulfillment

“Before looking for other happiness from factors outside ourselves such as; happiness from wife, family, friends, social environment, work, wealth and so on, it would be nice to look for happiness from our own body and inner.”
― M Dawam Fikri

“We have a choice: to Hear God's Voice or just Hear the Noise.”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The A to Z of Karma

“Some people think very cleverly, ‘Let me
live my whole life the way I want to live.
In the last few moments, I will remember
god and chant His name and enter heaven
somehow.’ Please be very clear, only that
which you thought of in your whole life,
will come up when you leave the body.
Don’t think that at that last moment you
can play the game! No!
- HDH Bhagavan Nithyananda Paramashivoham, Living Enlightenment”
― Paramahamsa Nithyananda, Living Enlightenment

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.



I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“Sometimes we have to push people aside, distance ourselves from others to remain happy. There are people that will try to place you in the darkness they live in, so there not alone. Their objectives so simple, as transparent as the life they live. You’ll walk pass them without a care, smiling when it’s time to leave.”
― Ron Baratono

“If you live where you want to go on vacation, you will always be on vacation.”
― Matt Fox, The Hitchhiker Man

“Happiness is when your creditor cancels your debt, shortly after your debtor pays you. ~ Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu”
― Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu

“Wir sollen es mit den Kindern machen wie Gott mit uns, der uns am glücklichsten macht, wenn er uns in freundlichem Wahne so hintaumeln läßt.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther

“I am a lifetime of exploration
You have a lifetime to spend wandering”
― Rhiley Jade, Drowning in Starlight

“It’s never too late to have a happy childhood. To enjoy and express whatever it is that you want to express.”
― Andrew Poupart

“Why are we afraid of
death?

We are afraid because instinctively we resist change and death is an abrupt change
in life.
- HDH Bhagawan Sri Nithyananda Paramashivoham, in the book "Living Enlightenment".”
― Paramahamsa Nithyananda, Living Enlightenment

“We as servants of the Lord are advocates of joy. We know that “men are that they might have joy.” In contrast, the way of the adversary always leads to misery, despair, and destruction.”
― Russell M. Nelson, Accomplishing the Impossible: What God Does, What We Can Do

“Without an acknowledgment of God and God’s law in one’s life, momentary pleasures will be continually contaminated by gnawing guilt. Momentary pleasures would become meaningless as each raw experience would be stripped of deep meaning and sweet memory, Each day’s work would become sheer drudgery, beauties of nature would become boring, and children would be deemed nuisances to be endured. Without God’s moral underpinnings, political behavior would be skewed toward short-term expediency, lurching nervously from crisis to crisis.”
― Russell M. Nelson, Accomplishing the Impossible: What God Does, What We Can Do

“Henrietta was bitter. Nothing in her life had turned out well. Like everyone else, she had striven all her life to achieve happiness. Yet it seemed to her that she had never been happy.”
― Mary Balogh, Heartless

“Bad things happen to our life so as to favor the good things that will happen next.”
― Maria Karvouni

“It is a happiness to wonder;—it is a happiness to dream”
― Edgar Allan Poe, Morella

“TRUTH LIVES IN ON MY TONGUE
IT HAS NO ISSUES WITH PAIN

राज़ सच तो मेरी ज़ुबाँ पे रहता है
के उसे दर्द से कोई तक़लीफ़ नहीं”
― Vineet Raj Kapoor, UNCHESS: Untie Your Shoes and Walk on the Chessboard of Life

“Trying to be happier is like trying to be taller”
― David T. Lykken

“The International Date Line is the beginning in Eden, the place where God taught our common ancestor to count the days with the week.”
― Jorge Pablo Guevara, Proof of God in the International Date Line

“we are only here on this planet for a little while...so dance, and love, and reflect what makes you happy, and then love and dance some more”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Smith Impressionist Photography

“Evil, far from existing by itself, is nothing other than default, the lapse, the lack, or the absence of goodness. Let us, therefore, seek to fill this void and vacancy wherever we find it by doing good to our fellow men, by dispensing happiness to them.”
― Marguerite Duportal, Bearing Your Troubles Well: Your Path to Peace in Difficult Times

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.


Sunshine

I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.



Sunshine

I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.


Sunshine


I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.



I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.

Sunshine

I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.

Sunshine

I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.

Sunshine

I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.



I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“Some people think very cleverly, ‘Let me
live my whole life the way I want to live.
In the last few moments, I will remember
god and chant His name and enter heaven
somehow.’ Please be very clear, only that
which you thought of in your whole life,
will come up when you leave the body.
Don’t think that at that last moment you
can play the game! No!
- HDH Bhagavan Sri Nithyananda Paramashivoham, in the book "Living Enlightenment”
― Paramahamsa Nithyananda, Living Enlightenment

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.




I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“What is life energy? Where does it come from? We may never know. It is a mystery that the mind can never comprehend. This poem is about sunshine. Furthermore, it is about you, me and sharing the gift of life.




I enjoy the sunshine
How about you?
However, its true significance is often forgotten.
Do you remember?
It is possible to experience it now; in this moment.
This is because you have always known that it is there.
It is life.
Awaken and allow it to shine.

You may say...okay but the sun is not always shining.
This is indeed an odd thing to say.
What then?
Where is the sun on a cloudy day?

It is always there; don’t you feel it?
It is a light that glows very bright.
It is a vibrating frequency.
This energy is not only out there.
It is here now; in you.

The mind can not understand.
However often it may try.

There beyond the mind is the one that knows.
The warmth of this energy is always felt.
We are engulfed in its beauty.
Likewise, we are always bathing in its caress.
The intensity is strong.
It is as if my heart will explode.

These are the moments of divine awareness.
This is the moment when I am peaceful; serenity abounds.

A cloud may appear; even in a moment that is so clear.
But the sunshine; this energy will shine through.
Be active, be aware; feel what is always there.

We are very lucky.
A human being...this is what we are; that is a fact.
However, you and I are so much more then that.
The face in the mirror masks your true self.
We are ultimately this energy.
It is here, there and everywhere.

This is a priceless treasure.
It is life.
It is within our body, heart and soul.
We are to love.
It is to be shared.
Enthusiastically, we should be in love with life.
This is my wish to you.
I hope that you are joyfully alive.
I offer you love.
Indeed, you inspire me.
You are my Sunshine.
We are of spirit.

Its essence can always be felt
Therefore, let it shine.
Living can be so wonderful.
Awaken and experience the sun.
We only need to share, care and forgive.

Loving life is to love each other.
The details will soon be forgotten.
This is a human-made world.
However, it has gone rotten.
To live is to love and to give is to get.
This is the one that should never be forgotten.

We are each of this one spirit.
This energy of life is the link that unites us.”
― Steve Leasock

“WHAT IS IT CALLED WHEN YOU FEEL WARM AND CONTENT AND WISH THINGS WOULD STAY THAT WAY?
'I guess you'd call it happiness,' said Harga.”
― Terry Pratchett, Mort

“Happiness is the manifestation of confronting only good.”
― Meir Ezra

“Sometimes life does not give us everything that we want. But then that is what life is all about. You can't have happiness all the time. And neither can you have sadness all the time. But you can create a symphony out of happiness and sadness.”
― Avijeet Das

“Maybe the ending isn't even really the point. Just as long as there was a happy somewhere along the way.”
― Kacen Callender, This Is Kind of an Epic Love Story

“Psychology explains that thoughts arise in
the brain, and emotions from the heart.
Irrespective of where they arise from,
thoughts and emotions are inseparable.
Ancient scriptures say that thoughts create
us. So do emotions. We become what our
emotions are. Managing our emotions is
crucial to transforming our lives.

- HDH Bhagavan Sri Nithyananda Paramashivam, in the book "Living Enlightenment”
― Paramahamsa Nithyananda, Living Enlightenment

“Life is strange, life can give you everything even when you don’t desire for anything and life can take away your entire happiness when you need it the most.”
― Jyoti Patel

“The secret to a happy life is having lots of interests. Interests are ammunition against despair.”
― Henry Miller

“In many ways, gratitude is the most important of all the good character traits. It is the most indispensable trait to both happiness and goodness. One can neither be a happy person nor a good person without gratitude. The less gratitude one has, the more one sees oneself as a victim; and nothing is more likely to produce a bad person or a bad group than defining oneself or one’s group as a victim. Victims, having been hurt, too often believe they have a license to hurt others. As for happiness, if you think of all the people you know, you will not be able to name one who is ungrateful and happy. The two are mutually exclusive.”
― Dennis Prager, The Rational Bible: Exodus

“The heart that was filled
With your memories
Is empty and lost now
I claim to enjoy the rain
While there’s a cyclone within
There’s always a smile on my face
But, I question
“Is there any happiness?”
When the entire world is asleep
Your silence speaks to me
In a thousand different ways
In a thousand different versions
In a thousand different colors
In a thousand different flavors
The heart that was filled
With your memories
Is empty and lost now
I claim to enjoy the rain
While there’s a storm within
There’s always a smile on my face
But, I question
“Is there any happiness?”
― Jyoti Patel

“Love me until the flames of the last star burn out”
― Dina Al-Hidiq Zebib

“A person who is happy is not thinking about the past.”
― Meir Ezra

“She played the keys of my heart, gently yet sensually, setting my soul on fire.”
― Dina Al-Hidiq Zebib

“You do not have to fight and struggle to build a better life.

The secret is in being satisfied and happy with where you are and Still working everyday for the betterment.”
― Himanshu Bisht

“There is no better way to feel happier than to be content with who you are.”
― Dina Al-Hidiq Zebib

“Nu nivelul de trai îi face pe oameni fericiți, ci relația inimilor și felul în care ne privim viața. Și una și alta se află, întotdeauna, în puterea noastră și asta înseamnă că omul e întotdeauna fericit dacă o dorește, și nimeni nu-l poate împiedica.”
― Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Cancer Ward

“The accomplishments of one person show how much he invested in certain areas of his life and how much he neglected all the others.”
― Natasa Alina Culea

“World domination means conquering the space around you, finding happiness in your everyday. Because there is no real world, just the one you create.”
― Jolene Stockman, Total Blueprint for World Domination - Illustrated

“The smallest of things, own the biggest parts. The simplest of things that can change your whole life. A nice thing unplanned that warms your heart, a simple smile that can always light you up. The purest of wishes that went so fast over your head, but somehow came true and became the biggest part of your life. A face you are used to belonging forever in your heart with memories on a loop endlessly in your mind. Days so good you forget how tired you are. 11:11 am wishes better than you have ever imagined it. Your favorite cup of coffee in the morning with the perfect shade of sunlight on your face. Offer a pure heart and earn back this world's flowers. Offer a big smile and earn back a laughing sky. Count the days and make them count. Mark your calender everytime your heart jumps.”
― Mennah al Refaey, Daily thoughts

“The secret to a happy life is having lots of interests. Interests are ammunition against despair.”
― marty rubin

“A person who sees the good in things has good thoughts. And he who has good thoughts receives pleasure from life.”
― Master Nursi

“Het geluk stroomt over de rand, zozeer wil ik leven...en dan krijg je ineens last van die droefheid...'
'Ah! Dat is de tol voor het vuur van Prometheus! Die treurigheid moet je niet alleen verdragen, maar zelfs liefhebben, je moet respect krijgen voor je twijfels en vragen: die zijn een luxe, een bewijs van overvloed en ze verschijnen vooral op momenten van volmaakt geluk, wanneer er geen grote wensen meer zijn; die ontstaan niet in het alledaagse leven: waar zorg en nood heersen, is voor hen geen plaats; de meeste mensen lopen voort en kennen deze mist van twijfel, die melancholie van vragen niet... Maar wie er ooit mee kennis heeft gemaakt, die weet dat ze geen last zijn, maar dierbare gasten.”
― gontsjarov

“You never know what another person is going through, and sometimes your smile might be something that makes a difference in their day.”
― Melanie Moreland, It Started with a Kiss

“Life's too short to be bashful... We're all just human and far from perfect, so why not enjoy it?”
― Katie Kacvinsky, First Comes Love

“But isn't that what friendship is? Isn't that what love is? It's more than caring and laughing and inspiring. It's about taking hurt and anger off people's shoulders and helping carry the weight. It's more important to love people on their worst days than their best.”
― Katie Kacvinsky, First Comes Love

“I am whole and powerful. I am loving and harmonious. I am forgiving and happy. I am at peace.”
― David Hanscom, Back in Control: A Spine Surgeon's Roadmap Out of Chronic Pain

“If you are whole, you don’t have to expend energy filling gaps; the result is power to live your life. Love is often described as the absence of fear; harmony is the result. It’s impossible to be happy without forgiveness. You won’t be at peace without all of the above.”
― David Hanscom, Back in Control: A Spine Surgeon's Roadmap Out of Chronic Pain

“I never want to waste time. After all, we're just passing observers, as insignificant to these giant formations as a speck of dust. So we might as well appreciate the view and enjoy the journey”
― Katie Kacvinsky, First Comes Love

“Take life seriously. That you have to do. Don't take yourself seriously, that's the key. Let it all go. Don't care for a second what people think of you. In fact, go out of their way to keep them guessing.”
― Katie Kacvinsky, First Comes Love

“Happiness and absurd are the sons of same earth”
― Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays

“Q: When the master clears the
karmas, do we have to go
through pain?
When the master removes the karma, you
call that feeling pain. Actually, the master
would be removing in a second the
suffering of many births, what would have
otherwise taken many births to dissolve.
So it is practically no suffering in
comparison.
Sharada Devi says, the master clearing the
samskaras is like you facing a thorn prick
instead of suffering a fracture!

- HDH Bhagawan Sri Nithyananda Paramahamsa Nithyananda”
― paramahamsa nithyananda, Living Enlightenment

“It’s the chemicals in our brains, they say. I got the wrong chemicals, Ma. Or rather, I don’t get enough of one or the other. They have a pill for it. They have an industry. They make millions. Did you know people get rich off of sadness? I want to meet the millionaire of American sadness. I want to look him in the eye, shake his hand, and say, “it’s been an honor to serve my country.”

The thing is, I don’t want my sadness to be othered from me just as I don’t want my happiness to be othered. They’re both mine. I made them, dammit. What if the elation I feel is not another “bipolar episode” but something I fought hard for? Maybe I jump up and down and kiss you too hard on the neck when I learn, upon coming home, that it’s pizza night because sometimes pizza night is more than enough, is my most faithful and feeble beacon. What if I’m running outside because the moon tonight is children’s-book huge and ridiculous over the pines, the sight of it a strange sphere of medicine?
It’s like when all you’ve been seeing before you is a cliff and then this bright bridge appears out of nowhere, and you run fast across it knowing, sooner or later, there’ll be another cliff on the other side. What if my sadness is actually my most brutal teacher? And the lesson is always this: you don’t have to be like the buffaloes.
You can stop.”
― Ocean Vuong, On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous

“I am sitting at my kitchen table waiting for my lover to arrive with lettuce and tomatoes and rum and sherry wine and a big floury loaf of bread in the fading sunlight. Coffee is percolating gently, and my mood is mellow. I have been very happy lately, just wallowing in it selfishly, knowing it will not last very long, which is all the more reason to enjoy it now. I suppose life always ends badly for almost everybody. We must have long fingers and catch at whatever we can while it is passing near us.”
― Tennessee Williams, Notebooks

“Happiness is simply the absence of desire.- When you observe a cue, but do not desire to change your state, you are content with the current situation. Happiness is not about the achievement of pleasure, but about the lack of desire. It arrives when you have no urge to feel differently. Happiness is the state you enter when you no longer want to change your state.
As Caed Budris says, “Happiness is the space between on desire being fulfilled and a new desire forming.”
― James Clear, Atomic Habits: An Easy & Proven Way to Build Good Habits & Break Bad Ones

“You don’t go around saying “Am I happy?” all the time, unless you’re human, of course.”
― Tom Holt, Expecting Someone Taller

“Don't be passive. Act. Have interests, if you want to be happy. Don't just let life happen to you.”
― Marty Rubin

“I could see the bird soaring away. And then I realised there was no more shutting of your eyes to the truth,no salvation in being blindfolded,no dream and reality,no being awake or asleep. Everything is one and the same continuing eternal day and world, coiling around you like a snake. This is when I saw vast , remote happiness as being small but close.”
― Milorad Pavić, Dictionary of the Khazars: A Lexicon Novel in 100,000 Words

“It’s easy to assume that we “should” undertake a particular clutter-clearing task. When we’re very clear about why we’re doing it, it’s easier to use our time and energy productively—and also to recognize success.”
― Gretchen Rubin, Outer Order, Inner Calm: Declutter & Organize to Make More Room for Happiness

“Then we’re all happy.”

“That we are indeed!” answered the princess, sobbing.”
― George MacDonald, The Light Princess

“Farewell! Dearest and most beloved of men_whatever may be my fate_be happiness yours! Once more, my lingering, foreboding heart, repeats farewell!”
― Mary Hays, Memoirs of Emma Courtney

“Smile as often as you can, it's free therapy”
― Dr. Reina Moo

“Carpe Diem means 'Seize the Day'! Make the BEST of it in Every way! Don't lose a moment, come what may! Forget about tomorrow, Just Live Today!”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The 4th Factor

“No matter what monks in their Himalayan caves or philosophers in their ivory towers say, for the capitalist juggernaut, happiness is pleasure. Period. With each passing year our tolerance for unpleasant sensations decreases, and our craving for pleasant sensations increases. Both scientific research and economic activity are geared to that end, each year producing better painkillers, new ice-cream flavours, more comfortable mattresses, and more addictive games for our smartphones, so that we will not suffer a single boring moment while waiting for the bus.
All this is hardly enough, of course. Since Homo sapiens was not adapted by evolution to experience constant pleasure, if that is what humankind nevertheless wants, ice cream and smartphone games will not do. It will be necessary to change our biochemistry and re-engineer our bodies and minds. So we are working on that. You may debate whether it is good or bad, but it seems that the second great project of the twenty-first century – to ensure global happiness – will involve re-engineering Homo sapiens so that it can enjoy everlasting pleasure.”
― Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A History of Tomorrow

“The one thing that is as real as happiness is
how temporary it is”
― Cecilia Spencer, The Soul

“We think, “We are This”, but in reality, “We are That”... Not the Body that we look like but the Spirit, in fact!”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, Be Happy in the Now!

“We are all waiting for someone to come back from the past bringing a lost happiness.”
― Rod Madocks, No Way to Say Goodbye

“Man is so busy creating cosmetics for the skin, that he has not Discovered, what lies Within!”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The 4th Factor

“Don't just be happy, be humbled as well.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah, THE HONEYMOON: A SACRED AND UNFORGETTABLE SAVOUR OF A BLISSFUL MARITAL JOURNEY

“If happier beings had a better chance of survival and the sad ones perished, surely by now the emotion of sorrow would be extinct.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“And when no time was left, we realized that we lost happiness, in the pursuit of finding it.”
― Vaibhav Singh.

“You are always the totality of anything; no matter what you experience or confront.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“How would it be to not do anything in a given moment? Does this sound impossible? This is easier than the mind thinks. It is often about letting go and allowing instead of making something happen. This non-reaction opens the portal to stillness.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“We stand on the edge of an abyss and usually experience confusion and fear. This fine edge between apparent safety and obvious doom is a mental mind game. There is a fine edge between human content and life. However this edge is mind constructed. We spend most of our existence on this edge and fear what is beyond.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“Please focus on this simple realization. There is only every now and how you interact with this moment decides everything that you are experiencing.”
― Steve Leasock

“Communication and openness are essential in nurturing understanding, fairness and respect.”
― Steve Leasock

“The key to embracing who you are is experienced now. However, it is never about focusing on the now; instead it is about being the now.”
― Steve Leasock

“Embracing who you are now will allow you to be who you will become. Your true essence will fully blossom spontaneously through this simple acknowledgement.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“You ‘think’ that you want or need to love and this is what stops you from truly loving.”
― Steve Leasock

“We, as well as other objects in the universe are unified through the manifestation of life. It is possible for us to consciously awaken and nurture this dimension of life energy consciousness.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“Happiness is also sickness”
― DONGALA

“It’s just a Drama. We come and we Go. Why Fear? Why Worry? Just Enjoy the Show!”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The 4th Factor

“Happiness should be a function without any parameters.”
― Pranshu Midha

“In his book In This Very Life, the Burmese meditation teacher Sayadaw U Pandita, wrote, "In their quest for happiness, people mistake excitement of the mind for real happiness." We get excited when we hear good news, start a new relationship, or ride a roller coaster. Somewhere in human history, we were conditioned to think that the feeling we get when dopamine fires in our brain equals happiness. Don't forget, this was probably set up so that we would remember where food could be found, not to give us the feeling "you are now fulfilled." To be sure, defining happiness is a tricky business, and very subjective. Scientific definitions of happiness continue to be controversial and hotly debated. The emotion doesn't seem to be something that fits into a survival-of-the-fittest learning algorithm. But we can be reasonably sure that the anticipation of a reward isn't happiness.”
― Judson Brewer, The Craving Mind: From Cigarettes to Smartphones to Love – Why We Get Hooked and How We Can Break Bad Habits

“Well, happiness doesn’t always need a reason, a practical reason, neither does sadness.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Like so many things around happiness, honesty is simple, if not always easy.”
― PJ Ferguson, The New Be-Attitudes: 68 Ways to Shift Your Life from Crappy ...to Happy!

“You’re in a bad relationship when you spend most of the time pretending that you’re happy. Move on, move out! Enough of this self-betrayal!”
― Ron Baratono

“Seize the day and make every moment your own.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Don't wait for the sunshine to brighten your day.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“It is the height of human happiness to have somebody to love. Our agony is that we have all the light and the paint but no canvas to put the art of our hearts on.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“Let your shoes take you to where your happiness grows.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Do not HUNT for DREAMS & HAPPINESS that SOCIETY or HUMANITY dictate and define. WAKE UP.
FILL yourself with LOVE and PEACE and you will never be INCOMPLETE.
.
.
.
©JinQue RD”
― JinQue RD, Someone Painted the World Black

“I believe happiness itself is found in accepting, even dwelling in, what we fail to excel at.”
― Karen Rinaldi, It's Great to Suck at Something: The Exceptional Benefits of Being Unexceptional

“This is how you get through life: duck.”
― Richie Norton

“I told mom that she was confusing happiness with pleasure. That's common today. A trip to the video arcade may be a source of pleasure, but it will not give lasting and enduring happiness. This mother's son derives pleasure from playing video games, but playing video games in an online world is unlikely to be a source of real fulfillment. The pleasure derived from a video game may last for weeks or even months. But it will not last many years, in my firsthand observation Of many young men over the past two decades. The boy either moves on to something else, or the happiness undergoes a silent and malignant transformation into addiction. The hallmark of addiction is decreasing pleasure over time. Tolerance develops. Playing the game becomes compulsive, almost involuntary. It no longer gives the thrill and pleasure it once did. But the addict can no longer find pleasure in anything else. Pleasure is not the same thing as happiness. The gratification Of desire yields pleasure, not lasting happiness. Happiness comes from fulfillment, from living up to your potential, which means more than playing online video games.”
― Leonard Sax, The Collapse of Parenting: How We Hurt Our Kids When We Treat Them Like Grown-Ups

“Dear God,
You’ve reached your hands out to me many times, and you don’t let go. You surround my life, and guide each move I make, and the words I write. My prayers have been answered many times and I’m grateful beyond words. My most powerful prayer dear God, is you bless the young people in our family with wonderful health, free from disease of any kind. I ask dear God that you look over them, and their total well-being. If there’s a path they must go down that’s dark, make it a path of learning, so they return healthy and wiser, and never walk that path again. Please place happiness in their heart, so they can find you in everything they do throughout their life. In Jesus name, amen.”
― Ron Baratono

“Remember, success brings money, money doesn't bring success; and the way to success is to do something we're passionate about.”
― Kio Briggs, Living Free: The High Philosophy

“but to succeed we must commit to it, we must believe that it is the thing for us, it is where our happiness and fortune lies.”
― Kio Briggs, Living Free: The High Philosophy

“Though our path may not always feel easy, it’s the one we’re on, so we may as well find as much joy as we can within it, and there is usually something to enjoy if we look hard enough. We often postpone enjoying what we have right now because of an idea that enjoyment lies in the future. The thing is, once we place our happiness in the future, that’s where happiness stays; we’ll always be chasing happiness without ever managing to catch it. Happiness is right here—right in front of us. And if we continually miss it by resisting it . . . fighting it . . . or reducing it to a means—to an end—then we’re not only disconnecting from the fullness of this moment—but, ultimately, we’ll miss the essence of our life! The future never actually arrives—it’s always the present moment. And if we don’t learn to be happy with it, happiness may always feel out of reach—so look a little closer. As Walt Whitman said, “Happiness—not in another place, but this place . . . not for another hour, but this hour.”
― Tamara Levitt

“Our purpose in life leads us to happiness and a sense of calm.”
― Amr Okasha

“Creating the dream is living the dream, and constantly being able to take one more step, even when that step looks too difficult to take, even when we think we may fall too far, or too hard, even when we know it'll mean going against the convention of what the people around us are doing, taking one more step keeps us creating the dream, which in essence is living the dream.”
― Kio Briggs, Living Free: The High Philosophy

“There is no happiness without honesty. If you're seeking happiness, start by being totally honest.”
― PJ Ferguson, The New Be-Attitudes: 68 Ways to Shift Your Life from Crappy ...to Happy!

“Though our path may not always feel easy, it’s the one we’re on, so we may as well find as much joy as we can within it, and there is usually something to enjoy if we look hard enough. We often postpone enjoying what we have right now because of an idea that enjoyment lies in the future. The thing is, once we place our happiness in the future, that’s where happiness stays; we’ll always be chasing happiness without ever managing to catch it. Happiness is right here—right in front of us. And if we continually miss it by resisting it . . . fighting it . . . or reducing it to a means—to an end—then we’re not only disconnecting from the fullness of this moment—but, ultimately, we’ll miss the essence of our life! The future never actually arrives—it’s always the present moment. And if we don’t learn to be happy with it, happiness may always feel out of reach—so look a little closer.”
― Tamara Levitt

“The only way to bring peace and happiness is from within.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“When you are at peace with yourself, All desirable things will come to you.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“There is a field of study called “happiness research,” which tries to analyze what makes people happy. Prof. Michael Hagerty of the University of California at Davis surveyed decades of international happiness research and found that “for the most part, the top-rated countries are small and homogeneous.” As he explained, such countries “have a similar world view and a similar religion, so that it’s easier for them to communicate and to understand each other’s motives.” He also noted that “they don’t have race problems.”
In the conclusion of his 148-country diversity survey Tatu Vanhanen wrote, “It is easier to establish harmonious social relations in ethnically homogeneous societies than in ethnically divided ones because people are more helpful towards each other in ethnically homogeneous societies.”
There can, of course, be many different kinds of division in a country: language, religion, race, class, etc. However, of all these, race seems to be the most difficult to bridge.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“Crowd sourcing your self esteem on social media is a sign of weakness and emotional illiteracy”
― Mac Duke The Strategist

“Happiness is an attitude of self confidence”
― Dr. Reina Moo

“A success and happiness principle that all animals except humans know - you can achieve wonders by loving what you do”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“The ultimate secret to live a full life is to keep adding small happy moments and to believe that happiness is in now”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Though our path may not always feel easy, it’s the one we’re on, so we may as well find as much joy as we can within it, and there is usually something to enjoy if we look hard enough. We often postpone enjoying what we have right now because of an idea that enjoyment lies in the future. The thing is, once we place our happiness in the future, that’s where happiness stays; we’ll always be chasing happiness without ever managing to catch it. Happiness is right here—right in front of us. And if we continually miss it by resisting it . . . fighting it . . . or reducing it to a means—to an end—then we’re not only disconnecting from the fullness of this moment—but, ultimately, we’ll miss the essence of our life! The future never actually arrives—it’s always the present moment. And if we don’t learn to be happy with it, happiness may always feel out of reach—so look a little closer. As Walt Whitman said, 'Happiness—not in another place, but this place . . . not for another hour, but this hour.”
― Tamara Levitt

“In the night, in the utter silence of the nights among those little houses where old people live, she felt him leave the bed and in the pitch-black reach his dressing gown and leave the room. She let him go. How it troubled her, all this. Not much to ask, peace of mind at nights and a bit of ordinary cheerfulness in the day, some conversation, something to laugh about and doing nobody any harm. And not all this. A slit of light came on under the bedroom door.”
― David Constantine, In Another Country

“At least now I knew that my heart was wedded to the mountains--to the wild places. It was there, and there alone, that I was whole, contented, and blissful. No relationship, career, or wealth could ever take its place.”
― Heather "Anish" Anderson, Thirst: 2600 Miles to Home

“I realized what I felt . . . happy. It was such a strange, unusual feeling—light, calm, as though I’d swallowed sunshine.”
― Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine

“Happiness is a strange thing; even when it's a deep happiness and makes you see everything in a soft glowy light. It's like this cloak that you wear so you only see the good parts on top of the soil. But then you can't forget that the soil is where the roots are. You can be happy for so long looking at all the roses, that you start to miss what it felt like to be curled amongst their roots, entwined within the warmth of the damp dirt, roots wrapped around your limbs. You can begin to forget that depth. You can begin to forget who you are. Maybe happiness isn't any better; maybe it's just something we do to make the days brighter. Like a lamp post. But lamp posts drown out the stars, you see.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“The one that looks beyond the mind knows there is only one truth to find. There among the highs and lows, in and outs and ups and downs remains a stillness every unbound.”
― Steve Leasock

“Remember that the sun always shines even after stormy days.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Emotions can be a byproduct of chronic exposure to the contagious creation energy with which you most often surround yourself.”
― Penelope Jean Hayes, The Magic of Viral Energy: An Ancient Key to Happiness, Empowerment, and Purpose

“Obstacles are a sign you're doing something you care about and that matters to you.”
― Sharon Pearson, Ultimate You: When you know you can't ignore the whisper inside that says... It's your time...

“A smile, just like a moment of living consciously, can ripple out touching and changing everything in the universe.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“What is life perception? How we perceive it corresponds with how we feel in any given moment. Perception and awareness go hand-in-hand. True awareness is a state of presence or oneness.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“She would be quite bright, if she was ever put in a position to find out, but long ago found that being a scatterbrain, as she'd put it, give you an easier journey through life.”
― Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch

“I wish I didn’t feel so strong about you, like happiness and love revolve around you.”
― George Merrill

“Healthy emotions are like a systematic investment plan. Invest in them to gain happiness.”
― Harshada Pathare, A Piece of Paradise

“Hate, Jealousy and witchcraft is booming on social media platforms and has disguised itself as being savage or as black twitter. Where people bring down the ones who are making it and destroying their happiness and lives in the name of retweets and likes.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Shinda hasira ndani ya moyo wako kwa silaha ya furaha.”
― Enock Maregesi

“So many people expect dramatic changes in their lives in a very short period of time, that’s never how it works. There’s no reaching the finish line in life, it’s constant, or a victory lap in an instant. Change comes with small changes every day. It’s far less stressful understanding change this way, until you wake up one morning and think holy shit life is moving in my favor.”
― Ron Baratono

“I'd failed to live up to the expectations of my parents. I had not utilized my education in any real way and I'd given up on my marriage. For the first time, I accepted that I could not meet the expectations of others and make myself happy at the same time. Being true to myself had led me here--onto a wild trail in the middle of the night--not into a nine-to-five and the creation of my own family. I hated myself for not being able to conform happily. I hated myself for trying and failing. I loved myself for choosing to do what was right for me, no matter the cost. I forgave myself for trying to please others when I knew it wasn't right for me.”
― Heather "Anish" Anderson, Thirst: 2600 Miles to Home

“You do not come and then must go, you are constant, eternally so…do not look out there to find what you already know.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“How is it, she asked herself, that every experience I have now turns to happiness — even this unhopeful one of trying to make Leadbitter enjoy the transepts? Am I entitled to it? Would Philip mind, that I can think of him and not grieve for him? Have I become heartless? Am I wicked? Is this euphoria as groundless as my depression was? — more groundless, since I then had something to feel depressed about and I have nothing, really, to feel happy about? Is it the conviction of well-being that sometimes goes before an illness?”
― L.P. Hartley, The Hireling

“Happiness was bubbling up through me, a bright stream laughing.”
― Naomi Novik, Uprooted

“The key to discovering presence depends on your ability to observe yourself and releasing all demands placed on the moment at hand.”
― Steve Leasock

“உள்ளம் குமுறி கழித்த நாட்கள் பல
உறக்கம் இன்றி கிடந்த நாட்கள் பல
அனால் இன்றோ
ஏதோ இனம் புரியாத மகிழ்ச்சி
சுற்றம் மறந்து, சூழ்நிலை மறந்து
என்னை அறியாமல் சிரிக்கிறேன்....
இரவுகள் இனிமையானவை என உணர்கிறேன்...”
― Solitary_writer

“In as much as being the one to receive is a nice and pleasing gesture. However, the truth is I feel much much happier when I give than received. Because it brings me satisfaction, it brings peace to my heart, and it brings relief to my soul.”
― Nurudeen Ushawu

“Happiness is not pleasure - it is victory.”
― Zig Ziglar

“Finding meaning in life is a key component to a long and healthy life.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“If life is a cup of tea, gratitude is the honey that makes it sweet.”
― Natasha Potter

“Ndoa isipokuwa na furaha itaitafuta pengine.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Happiness isn't possible without freedom.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, How to Sit

“When the glow in the mountains lights your soul

When you find yourself looking at the splendour of the clouds or a bird in flight

Pause and Drop a Pin

When the movement of wind on the water lulls you into a timeless peace
When the setting sun holds you in its golden light

Pause and Drop a Pin

When life shrinks you down
When you lose your way and cold winds make you pull your jacket tightly over your chest
When you feel darkness enter your mind and hope seems out of reach
Remember all the sacred places that invited you into yourself
Remember the vast expanse of all those pins
A little piece of you lives in those corners.
Don't let your heart shrink or your world grow small.
Relax into your expansive and most radiant heart
We don't end at our own skin; we will always exist everywhere we have dropped a pin.”
― Eoin Finn

“It's better to be realistic and come out of the virtual world, social media pushups. The moment you do this. you will come to acknowledge the worthly connections of your life”
― Aayush Verma

“Your happiness is my concern, and you may be certain that in it I shall find my own.”
― Pierre Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses

“It’s a privilege to feel. And misery, my friend, is necessary. Otherwise, happiness would lose its charm.”
― Abhaidev, That Thing About You

“I remind myself if happiness is fleeting, then so is sadness.
I remind myself depression is the weather, and I'm a weather-worn tree.
I remind myself even the worst storms pass.
I remind myself I've survived them all.”
― Shaheen Bhatt, I've never been (Un)happier:

“...nobody owes you anything, so when you get something, be appreciative.”
― Jason Reynolds, All American Boys

“Ninety percent of the people are not happy with their jobs. The remaining ten percent don’t deserve their jobs in the first place.”
― Abhaidev, That Thing About You

“Joy is like air. We take it for granted, until it's not there. Then we know, desperately, how much it is needed”
― Rikki de la Vega, Bridget's Calling

“Just like happiness is a conscious choice, sufferings is also an unconscious choice. Our intention is to eliminate that unconscious choice from the society.”
― Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion

“The presence of atrocity doesn’t mean you have to put your life on hold. You’ll arguably be better at dealing with the horrible things you have to witness, or even to perpetrate, if you allow yourself time to do the small, simple things that make you happy. Instead of looking for ways to destroy yourself.”
― Yoon Ha Lee, Revenant Gun

“...goals help us get a lot done. But they often remove our attention from the experience to the achievement. When we arrive at our goal, we think, then we will be happy. When we finally get there, we can celebrate and have fun. When I get that job, I'll be fulfilled then. When I get married, I will be happy. The Eden we pine for is not under our own feet or bike tires, but over the next mountain.”
― Jedidiah Jenkins, To Shake the Sleeping Self: A Journey from Oregon to Patagonia, and a Quest for a Life with No Regret

“Silence...is filled
with droplets of music ...
everywhere”
― Anjalts

“Be you—your authentic, imperfect self.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Women feel the most secure when they see true love for themselves in their partner’s eyes. And for them, security equals happiness.”
― Robert Black

“You are in control of how you set the tone of your day.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“I feel what I need to feel: happiness, anxiety, joy, sadness. I let the waves ride themselves out, without being consumed by madness.”
― Monica Carolan, Only If You Let Them

“Even without the constant bombardment to reach for more wealth, ‘just enough’ can still sound like a weak counter-narrative to ‘keep striving for more’. But even if it appears boring to accept that you (may) have enough wealth already, it can also be tremendously liberating. Once you have enough money to afford the basic things you want in life, you can stop constantly worrying.”
― Paul Dolan, Happy Ever After: Escaping The Myth of The Perfect Life

“I'll tell you a secret about being happy. Sometimes you just have to pretend at it until it become real.”
― Stephanie Dray , Laura Kamoie, America's First Daughter: A Novel by

“Attending to being wealthy also means that we harshly judge others for being happy with what they have – we might call them unambitious or lazy – thus preserving the status quo and making it more likely that more people will be miserable with what they have. So we need to stop judging others as lazy, uninspiring or unambitious when they report being happy as they are. The narrative of reaching for wealth stigmatizes those who do not want more money. Let’s instead celebrate those who choose to devote their time and effort to causes of social worth rather than question them for not accumulating more personal wealth. Social media could be a great catalyst for this too.”
― Paul Dolan, Happy Ever After: Escaping The Myth of The Perfect Life

“It's critical that you are aware of your thought patterns throughout the day. That's a determining factor of your success.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“If you are waking up believing that there is more to life than there is — then there is more for you out there.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, The Law of the Universe

“Choose being kind over being right and you'll never be wrong.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“If you can't let your past die, it won't let you live.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“We must know what ‘actually’ makes us happy rather than what ‘should’ make us happy. The only way to know the truth is to experiment with what is supposed to bring us happiness and then see the results on ourselves.”
― Awdhesh Singh, Myths are Real, Reality is a Myth

“*at the restaurant*

"What would you like to order, sir?"
"Happiness.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Entrepreneurship is a lonely road to greatness.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“While you seek it they will ask.
But once you've found it;
they will know.
For one thing is true;
when you're happy it shows.”
― Renee' A. Lee

“Life isn’t won and lost on the first day.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“If you feel the change in beauty,
you can feel the beat of happiness.”
― Sajal Sazzad

“Excuses are barriers between dreams and actions.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Do you really want to hold onto empty things? We don’t have to give anything up. They just need transforming. A thousand years of happiness would be much better than another thousand years of tears, don’t you think?”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“Welcome the new dawn
And help it to be a brighter day!”
― Margo Vader

“The only thing you’re entitled to in life is nothing.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“After the struggle, there’s greatness on the other side.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“The deepest valleys are closer than you think to the nearest mountaintops.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Meditation isn’t what most people think,’ she said. ‘You’re meditating right now, in the way that you’re focused on what I’m saying. If your mind was somewhere else—if you were thinking about the Saints game or what you might have for dessert—that’s not meditation. You have to be here, now. Inhabit the present moment, because that’s the only way to find lasting happiness. If you think happiness is somewhere out there, you’ll spend your whole life chasing it, and once you find something that looks like happiness, it will change without warning. You have to accept yourself as you are, happy to be breathing, to be present in this moment.”
― Israel Morrow, Gods of the Flesh: A Skeptic's Journey Through Sex, Politics and Religion

“Everyone has a shot at greatness.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Forgiveness. The ability to forgive oneself. Stop here for a few breaths and think about this, because it is the key to making art and very possibly the key to finding any semblance of happiness in life.”
― Ann Patchett, The Getaway Car: A Practical Memoir About Writing and Life

“Yesterday was the last day you said, ‘I can’t.’ Today is the first day you say, ‘I will.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“After lunch - one short nap:
On waking up - two cups of tea.
Raising my head, I see the sun's light
Once again slanting to the south-west.
Those who are happy regret the shortness of the day;
Those who are sad tire of the year's sloth.
But those whose hearts are devoid of joy or sadness
Just go on living, regardless of 'short' or 'long'.

-After Lunch”
― Po Chü-i, The Dragon Book

“Childhood is not the happiest time of one's life, but only to a child is pure happiness possible.”
― A.A. Milne, It's Too Late Now: The Autobiography of a Writer

“Happiness. What's that? I don't know. How can one be happy when one loves a demon?”
― Iris Murdoch, The Message to the Planet

“Gratitude is the antidote to entitlement.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Ludens felt again that special curious anguish caused by glimpses of a happiness he would have felt if only things were different — which could be different, perhaps could easily be different — but somehow maddeningly were not.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Message to the Planet

“The fullness of happiness can't be define by money but can be felt when you are set free because "truth will set us free". If you truly want to be happy, be set free.”
― Jennifer Aquillo

“Whatever is yet to come, I shall never be able to say that I have not felt the greatest, the purest joy life can hold.”
― Goethe Johann Wolfgang von

“when I think of all our gifts, all our riches - the sky the sea, the sea, the mountains and the sun - everything is there for us to seize and enjoy, and still people sit in their little corners and moan about how they are poor... as for me, wherever I shall be and whatever I shall do, I shall always be a rich man.”
― Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, Get Ready for Battle

“Nobody believes you when you talk about happiness”
― Emily Fridlund, History of Wolves

“She tasted for the first time honey-sweet and dangerous happiness: dangerous because, as she before long began to learn, precarious.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Message to the Planet

“Sad faces are reflected in clouds of despair, but happy faces are what bathes our emotions in happiness.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“I saw that this was how we would live out the next decades, dragging ourselves from one expected action to the next, hoping by meticulous duty to bring each other some small measure of happiness. But the comfort that duty offers is lukewarm at best. Happiness, like a mischievous bird that hops from branch to branch, would continue to elude us.”
― Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Palace of Illusions

“I have no time. There may be real truth in this statement. Does time actually exist or is it just a mind-made tool used to establish structures? Furthermore, these compel us to overlook the only state of existence that is real and void of clock time. It is now.”
― Steve Leasock

“One must never despair upon losing something, whether it’s an individual or an experience of joy or happiness; everything returns even more magnificently. (Letters on Life)”
― Rainer Maria Rilke

“Their eyelashes were moist, and small drops of sweat beaded their upper lips. I regarded their slumber, almost innocent in its foolish thoughtlessness and its oblivion of all danger and the outside world. Is this what human beings call happiness?”
― Pär Lagerkvist, The Dwarf

“I have always believed there is a comfort to be found in despair: namely, from the knowledge that, like a pendulum at its extreme, one is simply gathering momentum for the reversal, the plunge back toward a mood of possiblity. If happiness can be tempered by the knowledge that it won't last, then surely the opposite is also true.”
― Lindsay Stern, The Study of Animal Languages

“If we think of happiness as a way of being, a way of being that gives you the resources to deal with the ups and downs of life, that pervades all the emotional states, including sadness. We think of sadness as incompatible with pleasure, but it’s compatible with what? With altruism, with inner strength, with inner freedom, with sense of direction and meaning in life — those aren’t sad things. But if you don’t fall in despair, still you maintain that wholeness and that sense of purpose and meaning.”
― Matthieu Ricard

“1 Minute Wisdom of Conscious Goal Setters: “I want my goal, where I end up, to be perfect in the scenario of synchronicity... Whatever that is.”
― Tony Dovale

“The so-called complexities we encounter in daily activities are nothing more than misinterpretations of the now.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“Many people still believe that we can only be happy when we have a lot of money and power. Looking around, we see many people who have plenty of money and power, but who still suffer very deeply from stress and loneliness. So power and money are not the answer. We have to educate ourselves in the art of living mindfully.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Reconciliation: Healing the Inner Child

“Raindrops smile when it rains because they know that if they didn't, then you would feel unhappy.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“God invented music so poor people could be happy.”
― José Eduardo Agualusa, A General Theory of Oblivion

“Don’t demand respect; earn it. Don’t expect loyalty; build it.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“the opium-eater cannot present himself in the character of l'Allegro: even then, he speaks and thinks as becomes Il Penseroso.”
― Thomas de Quincey, Confessions of an English Opium Eater and Analects from John Paul Richter

“I believe in the sun
even when it is not shining
And I believe in love,
even when there’s no one there.
And I believe in God,
even when He is silent.
I believe through any trial,
there is always a way
But sometimes in this suffering
and hopeless despair
My heart cries for shelter,
to know someone’s there
But a voice rises within me, saying hold on
my child, I’ll give you strength,
I’ll give you hope. Just stay a little while.
I believe in the sun
even when it is not shining
And I believe in love
even when there’s no one there
But I believe in God
even when he is silent
I believe through any trial
there is always a way.
May there someday be sunshine
May there someday be happiness
May there someday be love
May there someday be peace….”
― Unknown (written during WW2, on the wall of a cellar, by a Jew in the Cologne concentration camp)

“In the harmonious synthesis of the opposite ends of the river, flows the stream of happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“I want them to see that in the universal human desire to be happy, to develop our gifts, to contribute to others, to love and be loved—we’re all the same. Nobody is any better than anybody else, and no one’s happiness or human dignity matters more than anyone else’s.”
― Melinda Gates, The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World

“If you are filled with hatred, you can hardly enjoy genuine happiness. Hatred makes your personality extremely fragile and you lose your temper on the slightest pretext, which further creates enmity.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Extreme love suffocates. A man who loves everyone suffers immensely as he develops attachment towards everyone and hence his pains are also multiplied. A happy man is one who balances attachment and detachment well so that his happiness is maximised.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Sometimes happiness is like the sound of a plane overhead. You look up to see it but the plane's not there. No matter where you look you can't find it on the sky, although the sound is still there and growing louder. You get a little frantic searching. At the same time you're thinking, this is stupid. But you keep looking and if you do finally see it, you feel absolved. Most of my life I'd been looking for happiness in the wrong parts of the sky.”
― Jonathan Carroll, The Wooden Sea

“What an ass you are!” Satan said. “Are you so unobservant as not to have found out that sanity and happiness are an impossible combination? No sane man can be happy, for to him life is real, and he sees what a fearful thing it is.”
― Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger

“If happiness was a chain, it would be platinum with solid hearts between every link and entwined around my swelling heart.”
― Jodi Ellen Malpas, All I Am: Drew's Story

“Your happiness depends on your ability to balance the opposites rather than sticking to only one of the truths while ignoring all others. When you avoid something for long, over a period of time, it creates a craving in you that can disturb the peace of your mind and make you suffer immensely.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“One of the best ways to achieve happiness in life is to restrict your options. The more options you have, the more pain you may suffer. You can reduce your options by developing faith and genuine love.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“In order to enjoy happiness in our lives, we have to create right amount of stress in our lives. Such stress is useful for building strength and leads to better performance.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“-There is something more important than happiness
-What is that?
-Cheer.
-Red White Love: The Love of Liverpool FC”
― mustafa donmez

“The peak of a man's happiness is to win a victory; winning a victory, in other words, defeating someone or seeing someone else being defeated.
-Red White Love: The Love of Liverpool FC”
― Mustafa Donmez

“When you earn wealth by doing things that are not conducive to the society, you pay from your happiness account. People, who are doing illegal or immoral things in their professions, are constantly depleting their happiness account. Thieves, dacoits, fraudsters and corrupt people can make huge amounts of illegal money through elicit activities. However, they have to pay spiritually by losing their happiness and suffering from inner guilt throughout their lives.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“When you are in harmony with others, life becomes a celebration because you can bring happiness to the lives of numerous people associated with you. The interdependence does not prick you as you love being with people and wish to make their lives better. When you give joy to others, you get back much more joy in your life”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Happiness is a result of the exchange surplus you create with the world. The more you give to the world and the less you take from it, the more surplus you create and that adds to your happiness balance.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Everything we do is in pursuit of happiness. We just want to be happy.”
― Izey Victoria Odiase

“Life is given to live, not survive.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“It is important to understand that lack of time is no less a source of unhappiness than lack of money. The more time 128 | 31 Ways to Happiness Manage Your Time | 129 you can save for yourself, the more time you will have to enjoy life and do what you love to do. A man, who is rich in time, is no less wealthy than a man who is rich in money.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Happy life is a myth only struggle is the truth.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Your random acts of kindness like helping a blind man cross the street, giving free tuition to poor children or cleaning your surroundings, never go waste as they get deposited in your happiness account. If you refuse to 160 | 31 Ways to Happiness Deposit in Your Happiness Account | 161 accept any remuneration for your good work, you enrich yourself spiritually by getting more joy in your life.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“You want to be happy? Treat people with the same respect you want to be treated.”
― Marty Rubin

“My happiness is tied to none. It is with me now. On my palm!”
― Suyasha Subedi

“What you like and dislike tells you what you are. Knowing the self is the greatest wisdom, because when you discover yourself, you also discover your source of happiness within.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Be proud of struggles in your life. They bring you closer to greatness.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, The Secret of Greatness

“No matter what your wildest dreams of success, money, or great notoriety are? Nothing happens in a blink. It’s always series of events in our lives that bring us to these places we desire. So when you’re praying, wishing, or even daydreaming, on what you think will truly bring you happiness, remember the obstacles, people, places, along the way will not be left out. Pray, wish or daydream to be placed in situations that get you where you want to be. Pray for the right path.”
― Ron Baratono

“It is only by practice that you can understand the events of life and find the right rhythm. Once you get into the rhythm of life, you can flow with life and enjoy happiness effortlessly.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“You can cross the shore without getting wet, but you can't get through life without tears.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, Let's Face It

“The incremental value of wealth declines as we become richer. Yet people keep on accumulating it. They think that more is better. Hence, when they fail to get happiness even after becoming wealthy, instead of looking for the appropriate reason for their unhappiness, they blame lack of greater wealth for the lack of happiness and work even harder to make more money with the hope of buying happiness with money.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“A wise person hates none and loves everyone. When you give love to someone without any expectations, your happiness account is credited. Each time you hate those who love you, or cheat your friends or become unfaithful to your beloved, a certain amount of happiness gets debited from your account.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Most people are unhappy since they fail to get what they want in life. However, even when they actually get what they want, their happiness is short-lived because very soon they raise the bar to a higher level and again start struggling to achieve the next level. Their happiness level thus comes back to the original level as before.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Happiness already exists in your life. All you need to do is tune into it. And you can start doing that right now.”
― Anthon St. Maarten

“Happiness is the result of a positive experience of our inner world with the outer world, which in turn creates trust between us and the world.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“It is not possible to have a one-size-fit-all formula for happiness. What works for one person may not work for another. Everyone has to choose his own methods to achieve happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Art turned out to be an extremely happy accident.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“дорога до щастя - це обмеження бажань, відкидання надміру, упокорення примх, працелюбність та виконання того обов'язку, що його поклав на тебе Божий промисел, не за страх, а за совість.”
― Михайло Ковалинський, Буквар миру

“Freedom is a blessing and a curse. People of all nations treasure the notion of personal liberty, but freedom creates the coincident anxiety of choosing how a person should live. If I desire to find personal happiness, I need to understand what happiness is and learn how to rid myself of unhappiness. Is happiness an endurable material or is it comprised of no more than a string of good fortune? Is the good luck that brings happiness a fortunate happenstance that may evaporate at any moment? Do we measure happiness in the present? Alternatively, is happiness determinable only when looking at the sum and substance of a person’s total life? Is the game of life ultimately a losing proposition for all persons, and if so, is happiness even achievable or is it a form of an illusion? Is happiness simply a temporary mental reprieve from an inevitable period of suffering that serves as a prelude to our final dance with death? Is happiness a matter of quality of life or quantity, i.e. longevity? Can we measure happiness objectively? Alternatively, should we subjectively compute our scale of happiness?”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“If you know what you want and discover true happiness in what you have, you do not need to buy expensive things to prove to the world that you are happy.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“We must remember that pain is just the other side of joy. If you avoid all possibilities to pain, you also block all avenues of happiness. It is like writing an examination. If you want to be absolutely sure that you don’t fail, you don’t write the examination. However, by doing so, you also block all your chances of success.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Every bad experience is a source of unhappiness. Yet the intensity of suffering can be controlled. Just like a person who has a million-dollar bank balance is likely to get less disturbed due to loss of a few dollars, you too can easily overcome some bad incidents in your life, without losing much joy, provided you already have a great amount of happiness in your life.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“There is no formula for happiness. Yet none of the formula of happiness are wrong.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“When you have multiple options and you can choose only one, you often feel unhappy about discarding the rest of the options, when your chosen option does not provide you happiness and satisfaction. Also, when you have multiple options, you never feel settled since you are always moving from one option to another, one person to another and one job to another which ends up making your life more miserable than enjoyable.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“There are millions of people in the modern world who have earned enough money to be able to live their lives comfortably without doing anything for a living. 228 | 31 Ways to Happiness Conquer Your Boredom | 229 However, most of them fail to live happily because they get bored if they do nothing. Many people don’t work for the sake of money. They work to avoid boredom.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Sadness provokes thoughts, thoughts become goals and goals reached, happiness”
― Ιωαννης Καρατζιοβαλης

“In relationships being a great woman is a man's gift.”
― Angel Moreira

“In the highest trees of my ancestor's forest, I hear a bird sing a song, I never noticed, before!!”
― Petra Hermans

“To fix a problem change the way you look at it. Remind yourself YOU are the one who is in control of your life. Conquer your fears and persuade your problem by looking for the beauty inside ugliness, and let it swallow negativity. You are the one who creates your own path, and makes things happen, and you are the one who creates reasons to be unhappy. lluminate rather than merely to contemplate.The power of change dwells within us.”
― Natasha Helvin

“True knowledge is thus the key to happiness. However, you can’t have such knowledge merely from books or by listening to scholars. True knowledge comes only by experiencing life and connecting the dots. When you are aware and your mind is disciplined, true knowledge flows from all directions into your being.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“It is not enough to only discover your potential. Your potential, at best, is like a rock from which the statue is yet to be carved. A rock of raw diamond can’t be used to make rings and the dust of gold is useless for all practical purposes. Only by honing your skill through hard work, you can develop your potential and achieve happiness and success in your life.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“There are so many things which we have but have not paid any attention to them. If only we can learn to appreciate our blessings, we can enjoy great happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“A beautiful and joyful life can’t be created by following any principle or dogma or by following all the principles in a random manner. You have to learn the art of harmonising all the principles of happiness in a way that matches the rhythm of your life and creates happiness for you.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“There can’t be any formula for happiness because happiness is an effect and not a cause. The same activity, which at one time gave you happiness, may now become a source of suffering. Or often a great suffering ends up becoming a source of joy.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Love is like a living being with a body and a soul. The soul of love is emotion while the body of love is action. Just like body and soul are integrated, emotions and actions too are integrated. You do some loving actions naturally when you feel love for a person. But, if the actions are missing, even 104 | 31 Ways to Happiness Manage Your Love | 105 though the feelings might be there, love can’t survive for long.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Are happiness and virtue synonymous with living as truthfully and honorably as possible or do these concepts allow for certain mental deceptions? Is a gullible person or a shrewd person more likely to be happy? Is a foolish or wise person more likely to live guiltlessly? What is more essential to living a contented life, accumulation of knowledge or the ability to feel and effusively express compassion for other people? Can we maintain happiness by acting as harsh judges of ourselves while acting as kindhearted judges of other people? Does happiness entail releasing an underground river of long suppressed passion or does it require living an aboveboard life of disciple-like moderation? Should I strive to modulate my desires by laboring diligently to maintain a disciplined mental and spiritual homeostasis? Alternatively, should I take calculated risks and passionately immerse myself in all facets of a tumultuous life?”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“In order to bring lasting joy to our lives, we must harmonise the past, the present and the future. We must think about the past, be in the present but also visualise our future in a harmonious rhythm. When all three time dimensions are present in our life, we enjoy peace and happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Love should not be treated as panacea for all happiness and excessive love or love at the wrong place or for wrong people can become a source of tremendous pain and misery.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Happiness requires love, being in a relationship, compassion, intimacy as well as freedom. Every relationship binds you with others, thereby reducing your freedom to some extent. There is no possibility of absolute freedom for man. However, it is possible to increase our freedom to maximise our happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“There are numerous emotions such as love, hatred, fear, anxiety, guilt, grief, anger, surprise, happiness, boredom, lust, compassion and each has an important role to play in our lives. We need to feel and go through all the emotions in our lives. While we may not desire some of them as they can cause pain, their absence can’t complete our lives either.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“When we depend on the outside world for our happiness, there are billions of causes that can take away our joy. We need to find an anchor which can tie us to our happiness like a ship is tied to the shoreline. We need to board this big ship to achieve stability and protect ourselves from the uncertain waves of life.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“You can’t have boredom and happiness living under the same roof. If we are able to manage our boredom, we can easily manage our happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“A soul that doesn't have a place to rest is restless disaster”
― Efezinox

“There is something you can never understand, what wrong with them and what wrong with you”
― Efe Zinox Jacob BadDESTDon

“A man doesn't know what to offer, yet they remain the best in the side world”
― Efe Zinox Jacob BadDESTDon

“But there was a sense of something tipping out of balance. The times seemed out of joint. There was too much decadence. Too much intensity. Too much change. Too much happiness juxtaposed with too much misery. Too much wealth next to too much poverty. The world was becoming faster and louder, and the social systems were becoming as chaotic and fragmented as jazz scores. So there was a craving, in some places, for simplicity, for order, for scapegoats and for bully-boy leaders, for nations to become like religions or cults. It happened every now and then.
It seemed, in the 1930s, that the whole course of humanity was at stake. As it very often does today. Too many people wanted to find an easy answer to complicated questions. It was a dangerous time to be human. To feel or to think or to care.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“How we interact in our world that we inhabit determines how much happiness human beings enjoy. The ego guides human beings in performing their practical activities, and egotistical utility in turn motivates human behavior. An inflated ego can cause human beings to live in a corrupt and unethical manner that is hostile to other humans and the environment. A person’s passions can imprison them.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Nature provided human beings with all the gemstones needed to attain happiness – physical abilities, intellectual and cognitive capacity, and emotional indexes, yet surrendering to demanding indices of an inflated ego leads us to living a miserable life.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Your conscience is not only the repository of your failures but also of your successes. It contains your vileness as also your goodness. The more good deeds you have performed in the past, the more happiness will be at your disposal all the time. You can always borrow some of that happiness when you are feeling low.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“I must find myself a life, a new life, even if all of life consists only of an endless search for life. What is respect compared to this other thing: being happy and having satisfied the heart’s pride. Even being unhappy is better than being respected. I am unhappy despite the respect I enjoy; and so in my own eyes I don’t deserve this respect; for I consider only happiness worthy of respect. Therefore I must try whether it is possible to be happy without insisting on respect.”
― Robert Walser, The Tanners

“Love and happiness are so intricately connected with each other that they appear to be one. When we have love in our hearts, we relate at a much deeper level with other people and we get loved by them. When we love someone, we care for their happiness more than our own happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Most of us believe that wealth is the greatest source of happiness. People sacrifice everything to earn wealth with the hope that it will lead to happiness. Undoubtedly, wealth can provide us with worldly pleasures, comforts, status in the society and even fame, but it is noteworthy that our greatest source of pain is also wealth.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“When you do nothing to be happy, you have no right to complain about your misery.”
― Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life

“It's neither easy nor impossible. Everything in this universe ranges from fear to hard work. Just go and get what you want.”
― Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life

“Me: Can you define yourself?
Fate: The mighty didn't give me an identity.

Me: How would you like to work on one's life?
Fate: I don't have a certain way, I always like to work as per one's will.”
― Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life

“Destiny is not written until you accept things to happen.”
― Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life

“Measure your success with your happiness, not with other's opinions.”
― Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life

“Our mind is working all the time with two goals in sight: first is to minimise the pain and the second is to maximise the happiness. In its attempt to achieve its twin objectives, it is always moving back and forth in the three dimensions of time so that it can heal the pain and bring happiness to the present.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Our lasting happiness comes by doing what we are best at. You can know what you are brilliant at only when you discover your potential. If most people remain unhappy throughout their lives, it is because they fail to know their real potential and nurture it to make it a source of joy for themselves. They keep searching for the source of happiness in the outside world, while the real source of happiness is hidden within them.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“The freedom to choose is the friend of natural happiness but enemy of synthetic happiness. The best way to create synthetic happiness is, therefore, to restrict your options to as few as you can. Synthetic happiness acts like our psychological immune system and helps us be happy even in adverse situations. We change our views of the world, so we can feel better about the world we find ourselves in. It works best when we’re totally stuck, when we are trapped.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“If you keep your pain within your heart, you stand the risk of creating a deep wound in it. And so you must be able to share your deepest pain with people who are very close to you. The very act of sharing it with them reduces its severity. Sharing the pain in public can magnify it 226 | 31 Ways to Happiness since numerous people will be talking about your pain.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Nature ensures joy and pain to everyone. When you are only expecting joy in your life, you can’t handle pain and any painful episode will seem to be even more painful to you. However, when you are mentally prepared for pain, it can’t make you suffer easily. If most people suffer, it is because they are always expecting pleasure and happiness in their life. Hence, when suffering knocks at their door, they are unprepared for it and suffer immense pain.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Today is a certainty, tomorrow is a hope. Live in certainty and hope for the best tomorrow.”
― Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life

“Do things that give you happiness increasing your respect in yourself.”
― Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life

“Happiness is discerned as a trait than a transient emotional state complexity and ambiguity love in understanding the concept of happiness have resulted in differing perspectives between Western and Eastern thinkers. The Westerners’ thought sought to understand man’s drive for happiness by analyzing the external factors, while the orientalists, especially estern like Neplease thinkers, gave prominence to the inner being (or ontological stance) when understanding happiness. Researchers into human inspirations following the thread of desire to its source, found that man’s deepest inspirations is essentially to avoid suffering, and to attain happiness. Every sensory desire to avoid pain, and to experience pleasure; and beneath every deeper, heart’s desire is the longing to escape sorrow, and to attain permanent happiness or joy. Happiness of breathing whatsoever we accomplish, where abouts we zest, we create happiness with us. Basically, the key to absolute happiness is to do your perfection in the performance in which God has placed you. Then you can be a sovereign within. All the divine perceptions like love, compassion, gratitude, boldness, give up the negativity meanwhile modesty would be worthless without happiness. Happiness means excitement, happiness or permanent happiness, an expression of the ultimate bliss. Happiness is also the form of consciousness; God or mother is absolutely supreme existence; substance, God is ever new joy, God is every new happiness, divinity or love or mother is unlimited happiness and this happiness is omnipresent. Practice your unity with this happiness. It resides within you; and it encompasses infinity light. Endless conscious bliss, eternal and boundless, Infinite fortune. When your energy has broadened and realize its presence everywhere, then you unite with Spirit. If the whole world were given to you, you would grow tired of it that is why contentment is the highest gain in life so no power or miracles can compare with the true happiness which is divinity, illumination or God. This enduring happiness is what all is looking for. When you rest on ones behind specially in the yoga or silence of Egyes,deep meditation, happiness globule of conciousness up from within.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“A life of detachment from greed and desires allows a person to appreciate the truly marvelous part of being alive. I cannot acquire the most sublime pleasures of life with money, force, or industry. I must learn to listen to the song of the wind, rejoice in the drumming patter of fine rain falling in a leafy forest, and delight in witnessing the coming of autumn when the leaves turn into orange and red flames. I seek sincerity of being. I hope to find comfort in a modest meal and cultivate joy by witnessing the birthing and playfulness of the young. I am no longer interested in the practical matters that businesspeople attend, exhibit no attentive awareness of political, cultural, or social affairs, and do not wish to inject myself into the warring conflicts of world.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Confidence can't hide.”
― Julieanne O'Connor

“Wealth is like food. You can’t survive in this world without wealth just like your body can’t survive without food. More wealth, however, does not mean more happiness just like more food does not mean better health.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“We all gravitate towards pursuing happiness by exploring how to bring a state of peacefulness to our internal and external environments.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Criticising and condemning others can’t give anyone lasting happiness. Once people fall into the habit of criticising others, they become susceptible to even criticising their own selves as they too are not perfect. The habit of comparing leads to the habit of criticism, which soon leads to self-condemnation, and fills your life with pain and misery.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Every person who is satisfied, content and happy thinks his understanding of happiness is truest because that is what he is experiencing. So, a virtuous person would subscribe his happiness to his virtuous deeds while an evil person would subscribe his happiness to his vices. Since a corrupt person has never lived a virtuous life, he will possibly never know the euphoria one derives from doing good deeds.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Happiness is a state of mind, so our miseries and joy come from living in any of the three dimensions of time—past, present and future. Hence, if we wish to live happily, we must learn to remove sufferings not only from the present, but also from the past and future.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Eye-for-eye’ policy works well when you are stronger than the one who has hurt you. When your opponent is more powerful than you, ‘offer your other cheek’ law often works better.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Había algo muy satisfactorio en una sonrisa que debía ser ganada”
― Kasie West, By Your Side

“There are people who are not happy and don’t have peace in their lives and they are in a mission to make sure that no one is happy and has peace in their lives. Stay away and ignore such people. Protect and fight for your happiness and peace.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Oh Christ, if I could only have some happiness.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Black Prince

“Happiness must exist. It can't all be made of pain. But what is happiness made of?”
― Iris Murdoch, The Black Prince

“Happiness comes from without, bliss comes from within. Happiness is dependent on other people and outer causes, bliss is not dependent on outer causes.”
― Swami Dhyan Giten, When the Drop becomes the Ocean

“But nothing delights the mind so much as fond and loyal friendship. What a blessing it is to have hearts that are ready and willing to receive all your secretes in safety, with whom you are less afraid to share knowledge of something than keep it to yourself, whose conversation soothes your distress, whose advice helps you make up your mind, whose cheerfulness dissolves your sorrow, whose very appearance cheers you up!”
― Seneca, On the Shortness of Life

“The Key to happiness happen whenever you start observation yourself without judging others.”
― Shreeom surye shiva

“Just like every serving of food has an effect on our body, every thought has an effect on our minds.
Just like a single bite of harmful food can ruin the health of our body, a single negative thought can ruin the peace of our mind.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“When we achieve success at any given point of time, we have a tendency to further the goalpost and therefore we keep chasing the illusion of happiness throughout our lives.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Once we understand that our happiness is the result of our life experiences with the world, we will also understand the importance of taking care of both our external and internal world. We can’t be happy if our children are unhappy, our spouse is unfaithful or if our boss hates us. It is futile to focus just on internal changes and hope to attain long-lasting happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“The habit of comparing leads to the habit of criticism, which soon leads to self-condemnation, and fills your life with pain and misery.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“It's important to make someone happy, and it's important to start with yourself.”
― Nitya Prakash

“When you love your job, the quality of work improves effortlessly. You don’t get tired with your work but feel recharged. Your work itself becomes a great source of joy for you.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“We can consider successes and failures in our life as credit and debit entries of our happiness account. Every time we succeed in achieving our goal, we get credit in the form of happiness and every time we fail, we debit our happiness account. If we have enough credits of happiness, we can easily withstand some failures just like the person who has a million dollar bank balance, does not get disconcerted if he loses out on a few thousand dollars. However, the same loss can bring much grief to a person who has a very small balance in his account.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Защо пее птичката? От чувство за отговорност ли? Напре ли ѝ отвътре - пее! А това, че песента издава птичката на дебнещият звяр - това е рискът на професията. Мравките си мълчат и къде по-безопасно се чувстват дълбоките си мравуняци... Е, приемете ме като една импулсивна, неразумна птичка.”
― Стефан Цанев, Дяволите в ада ще ми ръкопляскат

“Just like a sinner can’t know the joys of living an honorable life, a virtuous person can’t know the joys of a sinful life either”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“The key to happiness is to use the source of happiness in the right quantity, at the right time and in the right way. There is nothing wrong per se with love, family, wealth, pleasure, power or fame. They are all necessary for happiness and living a good life. However, they become a source of problem, when we use them wrongly or in excess or at the wrong time.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Wealth is one of the most important sources of happiness. It becomes a source of pain only when we earn or spend it inappropriately.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Когато срещна улицата дете, което се усмихва, мисля си: а защо се усмихва? Ща не ща и аз ще му се усмихвам и по-тъжно си мисля: а ние възрастните защо не се усмихваме един на друг?”
― Стефан Цанев, Дяволите в ада ще ми ръкопляскат

“The secret to happiness is freedom; the secret to is courage.' Thucydides said that. But the secret to courage is honor and the secret to honor is love. I said that.”
― John Nelligan

“The secret to happiness is freedom and the secret to freedom is courage.' Thucydides said that. But the secret to courage is honor and the secret to honor is love.”
― John M. Nelligan

“Even though you moved on, I haven't stopped wishing for your happiness.”
― Nitya Prakash

“We are living in a competitive world and have to perform better than others to achieve success. We also believe that it is success that brings happiness. We assume that if we can take care of success then success, itself, will take care of happiness. Therefore, people keep chasing success all through their lives as they consider happiness to be its by-product.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Happy people know that all the imperfections of the world are due to the conditioning of our minds which seeks perfection in the world according to the moral and statuary laws. Unless you free yourself from the binding of the rules and laws, there will hardly be any place for happiness in your life.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“when you are earning money by doing what you don’t particularly like, there will be an urgent need to buy pleasure and happiness, from the acquired money to justify the pain and suffering you are going through in your work. The more is the suffering in earning the wealth, the greater is the desire of enjoying pleasure from the money so earned.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“We start feeling uneasy as soon as the initial euphoria or happiness from our achievement fades away. We then raise the bar further so that we can strive more and achieve even higher success thereby deliberately making ourselves unhappy. However, our lifelong chase of success only gives us suffering and unhappiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Human lives are so deeply interconnected with each other that we can’t live in this world as an independent person of our own. Everyone in the world is an extension of the self. When others are suffering, we too can’t escape suffering. Our happiness depends on others and their happiness depends on us.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“You that read all of this in a year that I will never see will think me wretched, perhaps... But know this: The best and happiest of my hours you know nothing about. I have seen days like gold.”
― Gene Wolfe, On Blue's Waters

“Instead of arguing whether happiness gives one success or success makes one happy, we may agree that happiness and success are interconnected with each other and are the cause and effect of each other. Similarly, failure and unhappiness are also cause and effect of each other.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“What’s really amazing is when we are at our lowest points, feeling defeated or broken, we are able to mend and feel whole again.”
― Brianna Zhong

“Some thoughts on heaven? I have this theory that heaven is different for everyone. It has to be, or it wouldn’t be heaven. My grandmother’s heaven? In her heaven she doesn’t have to share the remote with anyone, and it is Jeopardy! and Wheel of Fortune on all the time, with nary a rerun ever, and the old lady always wins the big money and a trip to Europe to tour a castle or somewhere warm but not too hot with nice churches. In her heaven your knees don’t hurt and your back doesn’t hurt and you get to be whatever age was your favourite age to be and you still have all your teeth and there are bingo games right after dinner and raspberry hard candies and no one ever has to do the dishes. In my gran’s heaven, you can still have yourself a proper smoke in the living room and it doesn’t ruin the new paint job and the lawn never gets too long and the foxes don’t chase the birds off the birdfeeder. In her heaven, a nice bit of cheese won’t give you the bad stomach and real men don’t beat their wives or fuck their children, and every day is payday, and the Friday of a long weekend. Floors wax themselves, but you still get to hang the laundry, but only if you feel like it.”
― Ivan E. Coyote, Tomboy Survival Guide

“A thankful heart is a happy heart.”
― Anonymous

“Some moments I just want to rest my head in your lap and sleep.”
― Avijeet Das

“A dinner sponsored by a debt spoils the next day.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Contentment is the highest spiritual discipline. Egyes and meditation, or knowledge of scripture and Vedanta (ancient holy scriptures of the world) can help you reach the goal as quickly as contentment can. Contentment has a four happiness, it extinguishes the ego and expand the knowledge.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Vedanta is the oldest book in the Universe and specially on earth, one of the six systems darshans of ancient philosophy or knowledge. The term Vedanta means in Sanskrit the “conclusion” (anta) of the Vedas, the earliest sacred literature of ancient world. It applies to the Upanishads, which were elaborations of the Vedas, and to the universities that arose out of the study (mimamsa) of the Upanishads. Thus, Vedanta is also referred to as Vedanta Mimamsa (Reflection on Vedanta), Uttara Mimamsa (Reflection on the Latter Part of the Vedas), and Brahma Mimamsa (Reflection on Brahman).The Vedanta knowledge, as it is supremely have been various understandings, and intellect mind we have been progressive, beginning with the dualistic or Dvaita and expanding with the non-dualistic and dualistic world. The word Vedanta literally means the knowledge of the knowledge. The God Shiva, the lord Sun and the divine mother and the fortune or Brahma are the main deep energies in the world. The Vedas being the scriptures of the ancient knowledge. Now a day in all parts of the world Vedas are meant only the true absolute knowledge and supreme hymns and rituals of the Vedas are absolutely perfect.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“The Vedanta Sutras is the most important and significant source for the study of Vedanta. It is an exposition of the doctrine of knowledge and therefore it is also called Brahma sutra or Bramin is the caste in this world who studies Vedatans and Brahma is the absolute white light as well. The Shiva is the God of the entire universe. Mother is the supreme everywhere in the entire universe and the God or Lord Sun with fortune is the very much supreme too.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Contempleting everything as a seen exist. As long as you give reality to seener, you are the love and happiness blossom in life.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Happiness will not come from happiness but only from expanding happiness and knowledge. We know the value of standing in shade only after roaming in the hot day great lord Sun.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Most people don’t consider happiness as an important goal of life because happiness is an internal feeling and not an external achievement. Most people wish to achieve things that are discernible and acknowledged by the world as an achievement. They want success, power, fame, wealth—things that can be quantified as accomplishments. Happiness simply does not fit in this bill. Hence, many people don’t consider happiness as an achievement.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“If something makes you happy, DO NOT associate it with a person in your life. People have this magical ability to ruin things for you.”
― Nitya Prakash

“That's the big picture, your self-worth. And your inner peace. Wrap yourself around the idea that you are simply beautiful. You should never look in the hearts and minds of others for your happiness. Walk tall and be proud. People will walk all over you if you do not stand up for yourself.”
― Sai Pradeep

“Shake off the things that prompt you to query the worth of living. Get lost in the things that fill you with passion for life. Happy people live their life that way”
― Sai Pradeep

“If you want happiness, practice breathing exercise. If you want joy, reduce your desires and expand your vision. If you want peace, reduce your ego and love your Self. If you want protection, keep the gap for doing physical relationship like twice in a week or less than that and expand knowledge through spiritual practice”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Toronto is the greatest and happiest city on earth, but despite that — maybe because of that — it made me unhappy, as I just lived in an apartment there, never seeing anyone. Once I went to watch the Blue Jays play baseball, but being surrounded by so many people who I knew I could never connect with was the thing that made me want to [leave].”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“There are no guidelines to being a perfect person, as perfect doesn’t really exist, only our views of what perfect is—there are no guidelines to living life the right way. We learn through experience, through trial and error, and it makes us wiser in the end.”
― Brianna Zhong

“Knowing and being able to predict everything would make life lose its charm. They say that without sadness, we wouldn’t be able to know happiness.”
― Nico J. Genes, ADHD: LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL

“Not the world but the world you have created within the world determines the degree of your happiness or unhappiness!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“I love being at home, I always have. I love having my own space just the way I like it, I love organising things the way that makes sense to me, I love being surrounded by things I love and I love feeling comfortable.”
― Estée Lalonde, Bloom: navigating life and style

“The process of mindfully shifting your attention among inputs may offer you mood benefits, in addition to the mood lift that exercise itself will bring you. Shifting attention in this way may well strengthen the part of your brain that acts to dampen down the ruminations that occur during depression. Shifting attention also makes you able to enjoy richer experiences. You can't lose—whether it is a useful brain exercise for fighting the ruminations of depression or simply a way to drink in joy while exerting yourself, guiding your attention mindfully has its benefits.”
― Michael W. Otto, Exercise for Mood and Anxiety: Proven Strategies for Overcoming Depression and Enhancing Well-Being

“We and our world are not different just as a drop of a sea and the sea are not different. We are the world and the world is us. Just like every single cell in the body of a person has the same DNA, we too are a microcosm of everything that is out there in the world. We have evolved with the world and we are one with it.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“An unfortunate reality is that most people are unhappy most of the time. Unhappiness is so widely pervasive in the modern world that if you tell someone that you are happy, people are unlikely to believe you. It is because we have stopped accepting that it is possible to achieve happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“You can’t become an illiterate person again once you have become literate.
You can’t think like a teetotaller once you have become alcoholic.
Every piece of knowledge and every experience of your life transforms you forever and you are never the same person again.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“A happy person compares only with self. He tries to be a better person than what he had been yesterday. He tries to help everyone to become better than what they are rather than pulling them down to satisfy his own sense of misplaced superiority. He has no desire of making others miserable by berating them and destroying their happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“All virtues of a man rest upon his honesty and integrity; if you are not honest, you can’t sustain any other virtue. While honesty may not provide you any instant benefit, it prepares you for the challenges of life. If you are honest, your conscience is clear. And the road to everlasting happiness goes through a clear conscience.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“While failure is important for success, take only as much failures as you can afford to, without losing all your happiness. Failing more than what you can withstand is a recipe for suffering.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“When we see the world superficially, we see individuals who appear independent of each other. We fail to see through our senses how deeply connected we are with each other at the spiritual level.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“the higher and higher we fly on our wing of love, the smaller and smaller we appear to those who have yet discovered that they have wings”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Simplique Impressionist Photography and Insights

“It was a crime to be happy.”
― Nathan Walkowicz, of Dust and Dragonflies: Short Stories

“There comes a point where you have to make the choice to be happy, because being sad for too long is exhausting.”
― Josie Silver, One Day in December

“I think is inherent in humans to be driven by a cause. However, we must be able to differentiate between sensationalism and true facts. Otherwise we risk to sacrifice many things in life for the wrong cause; which may even include our own happiness.”
― Rodolfo Peon

“It is amazing when two people can mean so much to each other. When the happiness of the other person means your own happiness. And the sadness of the other person means your own sadness.”
― Avijeet Das

“And numerous indeed are the hearts to which Christmas brings a brief season of happiness and enjoyment. How many families, whose members have been dispersed and scattered far and wide, in the restless struggles of life, are then reunited, and meet once again in that happy state of companionship and mutual goodwill, which is a source of such pure and unalloyed delight; and one so incompatible with the cares and sorrows of the world, that the religious belief of the most civilised nations, and the rude traditions of the roughest savages, alike number it among the first joys of a future condition of existence, provided for the blessed and happy! How many old recollections, and how many dormant sympathies, does Christmas time awaken!

We write these words now, many miles distant from the spot at which, year after year, we met on that day, a merry and joyous circle. Many of the hearts that throbbed so gaily then, have ceased to beat; many of the looks that shone so brightly then, have ceased to glow; the hands we grasped, have grown cold; the eyes we sought, have hid their lustre in the grave; and yet the old house, the room, the merry voices and smiling faces, the jest, the laugh, the most minute and trivial circumstances connected with those happy meetings, crowd upon our mind at each recurrence of the season, as if the last assemblage had been but yesterday! Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childish days; that can recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth; that can transport the sailor and the traveller, thousands of miles away, back to his own fireside and his quiet home!”
― Charles Dickens, The Pickwick Papers

“I want you alongside
So near to each other
For I could listen to your heartbeats
I want to stare at you
I know this makes me super shy
But baby
I will try”
― Jyoti Patel, The Curved Rainbow

“Dear lord
You taught me how to help others
When I asked you for peace

Dear lord
You showed me helpless people
For I asked you for happiness”
― Jyoti Patel, The Curved Rainbow

“Have another drink honey, it was right there all along.”
― Sam Wasson, Fifth Avenue, 5 A.M.: Audrey Hepburn, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and the Dawn of the Modern Woman

“10. Do You Believe Everything You Think? Don’t!”
― Ed Bishop

“The Three Most Important Word to Say When You Were Wrong… I was Wrong”
― Ed Bishop

“If You Want to Smile, Make Someone Else Smile”
― Ed Bishop

“The More You Piss and Moan, The More You’ll Piss and Moan”
― Ed Bishop

“You Don’t Need Anyone’s Permission… Follow Your Own Heart”
― Ed Bishop

“If You Want to Feel Good, Do Something to Make Someone Else Feel Good”
― Ed Bishop

“Delight, pain, agony, ecstasy, rapture, woe—what curious things.
He made himself promise to never ignore them again.”
― Grace Curley, The Light that Binds Us

“Do not be ashamed of fear. Rather, fear the inability to overcome it.”
― Erin Forbes, Fire & Ice: The Kindred Woods

“Don’t just pray when you want something”
― Ed Bishop

“To see the good in yourself, look at the good in others”
― Ed Bishop

“3. People who don’t support your happiness are like a stone in your shoe that make you walk with a limp. In order for the limp to go away, you have to get rid of the stone.”
― Ed Bishop

“دو طرفہ محبت میں کبھی گو مگو کی حالت نہیں ہوتی وہاں ہمیشہ لوہے اور مقنا طیس کا میل ہوتا ہے۔ خفگی ناراضگی غم کوئی بھی منفی موڈ کیوں نہ ہو۔ ملاقات احساس خوشی کا باعث بنتی ہے۔”
― Bano Qudsia, Raja Gidh / راجه گدھ

“If making someone happy is going to cost me my happiness, I can't afford them and they should keep it moving away from me.”
― Marlan Rico Lee

“I’m learning that by constantly worrying about the things I don’t have I’m failing to to appreciate the things that I do. And those things will take time. I’m learning to cherish what I do have, while working towards what I want. I’m learning to be supportive and cheerful for my friends when they reach major milestones – and to be a little less envious while doing so.”
― Finding Bohemia

“But now they were done running, lying, hiding, apologising, pretending. They were there because they wanted to be, because they had gotten there from years of fighting alone, and had stayed when they found they didn’t have to anymore.”
― Grace Curley, The Light that Binds Us

“we all have bridges we must cross, sometimes with others, sometimes alone...these bridges can lead us across turbulences and trouble, keeping us safe...or, they can be burned down to break contact when we need to forgive and forget, move forward and leave things behind. however, bridges can also be connections to joy and happiness, linking happy moments to more happy moments...bridges are our path across and over, connecting us from within ourselves to all the things that matter on the other side, a true cross...”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Smith Impressionist Photography

“Peace and happiness!' Miss Ivy was laughing an ugly laugh that hurt Beka's ear. She jumped off the platform and went to stand a the kitchen door. There was a hurt look on Lilla's face, and seeing it, Granny Ivy said, in a much softened voice,
'Those things only visit in spells, Lilla, best to accept it. I have lived these sixty odd years, and I haven't yet met anyone at peace or happy. I don't even know what happiness means. Far as I can make out, it's like love, there when you need it less, gone when you need it more. Hope is the one reliable thing I know.”
― Zee Edgell, Beka Lamb

“A poor man without a debt smiles often than a rich man in debt.”
― amit kalantri, Wealth of Words

“A man in poverty suffers intermittently but a man in debt suffers constantly.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“There are two Sanskrit words that are used for 'path': marga, which also carries the sense of 'way, method or means' and upaya, that by which one reaches one's aim. In reality, it must be the case that we are already who we really are. Who else could we be? It is the illusory ego that believes that we are in some way limited and that wants to become eternally happy. Whilst this state of affairs continues, the search is doomed to failure. Paths and practices are therefore needed not in order that we may find something new but in order that we may uncover what is already here now.

The reason why different paths are needed is that minds, bodies and egos function differently. All paths aim effectively to remove the obscuring effect of this ego. This can be done through the practices of devotion and surrender to a God, for example, in the case of bhakti yoga. It can also be achieved in simple day to day life of working, at whatever may be our particular job, by doing the work for its own sake and giving up any claim to the results, in the case of karma yoga. And it can be achieved by enquiry and reason, using the mind and intellect to appreciate the truth of the non-existence of the ego, in the case of jnana yoga.”
― Dennis Waite, Back to the Truth: 5000 Years of Advaita

“That is what Lincoln saw in them, this love in all his friends, who held a close place in his heart, and Oscar, the one dream of his soul. He found it in them, in all of them, with their dirty pasts and their still recovering minds, in their words and in their friendship, and in their souls that spoke to each other in the mist of the clouds or the surging of the trees that knew that, in eternity, they would always find beauty. And that was an incredible world to wake up to.”
― Grace Curley, The Light that Binds Us

“When everything is going well in your life, there appears a strange feeling inside you: This can't be true! Why? Because life does not carry happiness for a long time! Certainly a wind blows soon and the rough waves begin in the peaceful stagnant sea!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“The [T R U T H] can destroy possible realities. But open your heart to other realities, no matter how unlikely.”
― Michael James Payne, [ T R U T H ]

