“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.”
― Bill Keane

“Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.”
― Shel Silverstein

“You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”
― John Lennon

“When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

“Hold fast to dreams,
For if dreams die
Life is a broken-winged bird,
That cannot fly.”
― Langston Hughes

“I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.”
― Stephenie Meyer, Twilight

“It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.”
― Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten: Uncommon Thoughts On Common Things

“Hope is the thing with feathers
That perches in the soul
And sings the tune without the words
And never stops at all.”
― Emily Dickinson

“They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.”
― Tom Bodett

“There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life.
" Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.”
― Alexandre Dumas

“If you're reading this...
Congratulations, you're alive.
If that's not something to smile about,
then I don't know what is.”
― Chad Sugg, Monsters Under Your Head

“The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.”
― William Faulkner

“And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.”
― Margaret Mitchell

“But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.”
― Martin Luther King, Jr.

“If pain must come, may it come quickly. Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible. If he has to make a choice, may he make it now. Then I will either wait for him or forget him.”
― Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept

“Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.”
― Alexander Pope

“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”
― Kalu Ndukwe Kalu

“Hope
Smiles from the threshold of the year to come,
Whispering 'it will be happier'...”
― Alfred Lord Tennyson

“The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.”
― Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams

“Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.”
― Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger

“It's amazing how a little tomorrow can make up for a whole lot of yesterday.”
― John Guare, Landscape of the Body

“Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.”
― José N. Harris, MI VIDA: A Story of Faith, Hope and Love

“I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this big field of rye and all. Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around - nobody big, I mean - except me. And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff - I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That's all I do all day. I'd just be the catcher in the rye and all. I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.”
― J. D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

“You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.”
― Pablo Neruda

“In a time of destruction, create something.”
― Maxine Hong Kingston

“Hope can be a powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic.”
― Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone

“Strange as it may seem, I still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily.”
― Lemony Snicket, The Beatrice Letters

“I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”
― Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four

“It's going to be all right, sir," Harry said over and over again, more worried by Dumbledore's silence than he had been by his weakened voice. "We're nearly there ... I can Apparate us both back ... don't worry ..."
"I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince

“There is a crack in everything.
That's how the light gets in.”
― Leonard Cohen, Selected Poems, 1956-1968

“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, that’s like saying you can never change your fate.”
― Amy Tan, The Hundred Secret Senses

“to love life, to love it even
when you have no stomach for it
and everything you've held dear
crumbles like burnt paper in your hands,
your throat filled with the silt of it.
When grief sits with you, its tropical heat
thickening the air, heavy as water
more fit for gills than lungs;
when grief weights you like your own flesh
only more of it, an obesity of grief,
you think, How can a body withstand this?
Then you hold life like a face
between your palms, a plain face,
no charming smile, no violet eyes,
and you say, yes, I will take you
I will love you, again.”
― Ellen Bass

“Hope is a waking dream.”
― Aristotle

“This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today.”
― David Nicholls, One Day

“Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.”
― Epicurus

“The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope.”
― Barack Obama

“There is a saying in Tibetan, 'Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength.'
No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that's our real disaster.”
― Dalai Lama XIV

“It is often in the darkest
skies that we see the
brightest stars.”
― Richard Evans

“The feelings that hurt most, the emotions that sting most, are those that are absurd - The longing for impossible things, precisely because they are impossible; nostalgia for what never was; the desire for what could have been; regret over not being someone else; dissatisfaction with the world’s existence. All these half-tones of the soul’s consciousness create in us a painful landscape, an eternal sunset of what we are.”
― Fernando Pessoa

“I used to think I was the strangest person in the world
but then I thought, there are so many people in the world, there must be someone just like me who feels bizarre and flawed in the same ways I do
I would imagine her, and imagine that she must be out there thinking of me too.
well, I hope that if you are out there you read this and know that yes, it’s true I’m here, and I’m just as strange as you.”
― Rebecca Katherine Martin

“Fairy tales do not tell children the dragons exist. Children already know that dragons exist. Fairy tales tell children the dragons can be killed.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“If you can love someone with your whole heart, even one person, then there's salvation in life. Even if you can't get together with that person.”
― Haruki Murakami, 1Q84

“Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.”
― Francis Bacon

“A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“When it was dark, you always carried the sun in your hand for me.”
― Sean O'Casey, Three More Plays: The Silver Tassie, Purple Dust, Red Roses For Me

“My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes.”
― L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables

“Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars”
― Cecelia Ahern, P.S. I Love You

“Part of the problem with the word 'disabilities' is that it immediately suggests an inability to see or hear or walk or do other things that many of us take for granted. But what of people who can't feel? Or talk about their feelings? Or manage their feelings in constructive ways? What of people who aren't able to form close and strong relationships? And people who cannot find fulfillment in their lives, or those who have lost hope, who live in disappointment and bitterness and find in life no joy, no love? These, it seems to me, are the real disabilities.”
― Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember

“Remember, Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.”
― Stephen King

“I am fundamentally an optimist. Whether that comes from nature or nurture, I cannot say. Part of being optimistic is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward. There were many dark moments when my faith in humanity was sorely tested, but I would not and could not give myself up to despair. That way lays defeat and death.”
― Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom: Autobiography of Nelson Mandela

“The road that is built in hope is more pleasant to the traveler than the road built in despair, even though they both lead to the same destination.”
― Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Fall of Atlantis

“We are all the pieces of what we remember. We hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us. As long as there is love and memory, there is no true loss.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire

“One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.”
― Antonio Porchia

“A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.”
― Carl Sandburg

“We need never be hopeless because we can never be irreperably broken.”
― John Green, Looking for Alaska

“The first duty of a man is to think for himself”
― Jose Marti

“For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“TO BE HOPEFUL in bad times is not just foolishly romantic. It is based on the fact that human history is a history not only of cruelty, but also of compassion, sacrifice, courage, kindness.
What we choose to emphasize in this complex history will determine our lives. If we see only the worst, it destroys our capacity to do something. If we remember those times and places—and there are so many—where people have behaved magnificently, this gives us the energy to act, and at least the possibility of sending this spinning top of a world in a different direction.
And if we do act, in however small a way, we don’t have to wait for some grand utopian future. The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory.”
― Howard Zinn

“We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“It isn't as bad as you sometimes think it is. It all works out. Don't worry. I say that to myself every morning. It all works out in the end. Put your trust in God, and move forward with faith and confidence in the future. The Lord will not forsake us. He will not forsake us. If we will put our trust in Him, if we will pray to Him, if we will live worthy of His blessings, He will hear our prayers.”
― Gordon B. Hinckley

“Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens”
― Tony DeLiso, Legacy: The Power Within

“Books are finite, sexual encounters are finite, but the desire to read and to fuck is infinite; it surpasses our own deaths, our fears, our hopes for peace.”
― Roberto Bolano

“When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on.”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can’t escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other”
― Veronica Roth

“Write it on your heart
that every day is the best day in the year.
He is rich who owns the day, and no one owns the day
who allows it to be invaded with fret and anxiety.

Finish every day and be done with it.
You have done what you could.
Some blunders and absurdities, no doubt crept in.
Forget them as soon as you can, tomorrow is a new day;
begin it well and serenely, with too high a spirit
to be cumbered with your old nonsense.

This new day is too dear,
with its hopes and invitations,
to waste a moment on the yesterdays.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Collected Poems and Translations

“The heart dies a slow death, shedding each hope like leaves until one day there are none. No hopes. Nothing remains.”
― Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha

“I mean, at the end of the day, what the hell does it matter who I end up with if it can't be you?”
― Tabitha Suzuma, Forbidden

“Oft hope is born when all is forlorn.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“Inventory:

"Four be the things I am wiser to know:
Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.
Four be the things I'd been better without:
Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.
Three be the things I shall never attain:
Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.
Three be the things I shall have till I die:
Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.”
― Dorothy Parker, The Complete Poems of Dorothy Parker

“To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“Yes, I decided, a man can truly change. The events of the past year have taught me much about myself, and a few universal truths. I learned, for instance, that while wounds can be inflicted easily upon those we love, it's often much more difficult to heal them. Yet the process of healing those wounds provided the richest experience of my life, leading me to believe that while I've often overestimated what I could accomplish in a day, I had underestimated what I could do in a year. But most of all, I learned that it's possible for two people to fall in love all over again, even when there's been a lifetime of disappointment between them.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding

“In a world filled with hate, we must still dare to hope. In a world filled with anger, we must still dare to comfort. In a world filled with despair, we must still dare to dream. And in a world filled with distrust, we must still dare to believe.”
― Michael Jackson

“It's the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it.”
― Frank Warren

“The very existence of libraries affords the best evidence that we may yet have hope for the future of man”
― T.S. Eliot

“To hear the phrase "our only hope" always makes one anxious, because it means that if the only hope doesn't work, there is nothing left.”
― Lemony Snicket, The Blank Book

“It is not despair, for despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“Walk on with hope in your heart,
and you'll never walk alone”
― Shah Rukh Khan

“You do not need to know precisely what is happening, or exactly where it is all going. What you need is to recognize the possibilities and challenges offered by the present moment, and to embrace them with courage, faith and hope.”
― Thomas Merton

“How far would you go to keep the hope of love alive?”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Choice

“Hope.

It's like a drop of honey, a field of tulips blooming in the springtime. It's a fresh rain, a whispered promise, a cloudless sky, the perfect punctuation mark at the end of a sentence. And it's the only thing in the world keeping me afloat.”
― Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me

“Deep grief sometimes is almost like a specific location, a coordinate on a map of time. When you are standing in that forest of sorrow, you cannot imagine that you could ever find your way to a better place. But if someone can assure you that they themselves have stood in that same place, and now have moved on, sometimes this will bring hope”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Though nothing can bring back the hour
Of splendor in the grass, of glory in the flower;
We will grieve not, rather find
Strength in what remains behind;
In the primal sympathy
Which having been must ever be...”
― William Wordsworth

“One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world.”
― Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban

“We need hope, or else we cannot endure.”
― Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses

“You may choose to look the other way but you can never say again that you did not know.”
― William Wilberforce

“Yesterday is but a dream,
Tomorrow is only a vision.
But today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness, and every tomorrow a vision of hope.”
― Kālidāsa, The complete works of Kalidasa

“A Dream Within A Dream

Take this kiss upon the brow!
And, in parting from you now,
Thus much let me avow-
You are not wrong, who deem
That my days have been a dream;
Yet if hope has flown away
In a night, or in a day,
In a vision, or in none,
Is it therefore the less gone?
All that we see or seem
Is but a dream within a dream.

I stand amid the roar
Of a surf-tormented shore,
And I hold within my hand
Grains of the golden sand-
How few! yet how they creep
Through my fingers to the deep,
While I weep- while I weep!
O God! can I not grasp
Them with a tighter clasp?
O God! can I not save
One from the pitiless wave?
Is all that we see or seem
But a dream within a dream?”
― Edgar Allen Poe, The Complete Stories and Poems

“To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.”
― Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart

“You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker”
― Malcom X

“CHORONZON: I am a dire wolf, prey-stalking, lethal prowler.

MORPHEUS: I am a hunter, horse-mounted, wolf-stabbing.

CHORONZON: I am a horsefly, horse-stinging, hunter-throwing.

MORPHEUS: I am a spider, fly-consuming, eight legged.

CHORONZON: I am a snake, spider-devouring, posion-toothed.

MORPHEUS: I am an ox, snake-crushing, heavy-footed.

CHORONZON: I am an anthrax, butcher bacterium, warm-life destroying.

MORPHEUS: I am a world, space-floating, life-nurturing.

CHORONZON: I am a nova, all-exploding... planet-cremating.

MORPHEUS: I am the Universe -- all things encompassing, all life embracing.

CHORONZON: I am Anti-Life, the Beast of Judgment. I am the dark at the end of everything. The end of universes, gods, worlds... of everything. Sss. And what will you be then, Dreamlord?

MORPHEUS: I am hope.”
― Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes

“I don't know when we'll see each other again or what the world will be like when we do. We may both have seen many horrible things. But I will think of you every time I need to be reminded that there is beauty and goodness in the world.”
― Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha

“Do not lose hope — what you seek will be found. Trust ghosts. Trust those that you have helped to help you in their turn. Trust dreams. Trust your heart, and trust your story. (from 'Instructions')”
― Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders

“There is nothing like a dream to create the future.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“I’m here not because I am supposed to be here, or because I’m trapped here, but because I’d rather be with you than anywhere else in the world.”
― Richard Bach, The Bridge Across Forever: A True Love Story

“و بى أملٌ
يأتى ويذهب ، لكن لن أُوَدعه”
― محمود درويش, لا أريد لهذي القصيدة أن تنتهي

“There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. . . . But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.”
― Gerard Way

“I laugh because I must not cry, that is all, that is all. ”
― Abraham Lincoln

“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
― Dr Roopleen

“Although I'm only fourteen, I know quite well what I want, I know who is right and who is wrong. I have my opinions, my own ideas and principles, and although it may sound pretty mad from an adolescent, I feel more of a person than a child, I feel quite indepedent of anyone.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of Anne Frank

“If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.”
― Henry David Thoreau, I to Myself: An Annotated Selection from the Journal of Henry D. Thoreau

“At the bottom of her heart, however, she was waiting for something to happen. Like shipwrecked sailors, she turned despairing eyes upon the solitude of her life, seeking afar off some white sail in the mists of the horizon. She did not know what this chance would be, what wind would bring it her, towards what shore it would drive her, if it would be a shallop or a three-decker, laden with anguish or full of bliss to the portholes. But each morning, as she awoke, she hoped it would come that day; she listened to every sound, sprang up with a start, wondered that it did not come; then at sunset, always more saddened, she longed for the morrow.”
― Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary

“Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.”
― Vladimir Lenin

“You might think I lost all hope at that point. I did. And as a result I perked up and felt much better.”
― Yann Martel, Life of Pi

“It's the possibility that keeps me going, not the guarantee.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook

“Look. I have a strategy. Why expect anything? If you don’t expect anything, you don’t get disappointed.”
― Patricia McCormick, Cut

“I turned in my seat. Will’s face was in shadow and I couldn’t quite make it out.
‘Just hold on. Just for a minute.’
‘Are you all right?’ I found my gaze dropping towards his chair, afraid some part of him was pinched, or trapped, that I had got something wrong.
‘I’m fine. I just . . . ’
I could see his pale collar, his dark suit jacket a contrast against it.
‘I don’t want to go in just yet. I just want to sit and not have to think about . . . ’ He swallowed.
Even in the half-dark it seemed effortful.
‘I just . . . want to be a man who has been to a concert with a girl in a red dress. Just for a few minutes more.’
I released the door handle.
‘Sure.’
I closed my eyes and lay my head against the headrest, and we sat there together for a while longer, two people lost in remembered music, half hidden in the shadow of a castle on a moonlit hill.”
― Jojo Moyes, Me Before You

“If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it.”
― Albert Einstein

“Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“Annabeth,” he said hesitantly, “in New Rome, demigods can live their whole lives in peace.”
Her expression turned guarded. “Reyna explained it to me. But, Percy, you belong at Camp Half-Blood. That other life—”
“I know,” Percy said. “But while I was there, I saw so many demigods living without fear: kids going to college, couples getting married and raising families. There’s nothing like that at Camp Half-Blood. I kept thinking about you and me…and maybe someday when this war with the giants is over…”
It was hard to tell in the golden light, but he thought Annabeth was blushing. “Oh,” she said…
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I just…I had to think of that to keep going. To give me hope. Forget I mentioned—”
“No!” she said. “Gods, Percy, that’s so sweet.”
― Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena

“All of sudden, this shooting star went by, and all I could think was that they were listening to us somehow. ”
― Nicholas Sparks

“Yes We Can!”
― Barack Obama

“The Revolution introduced me to art, and in turn, art introduced me to the Revolution!”
― Albert Einstein

“Hope is not about proving anything. It's about choosing to believe this one thing, that love is bigger than any grim, bleak shit anyone can throw at us.”
― Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith

“As long as the sun’s shining, shit can’t be that bad.”
― J. Lynn, Wait for You

“Half of the American people have never read a newspaper. Half never voted for President. One hopes it is the same half.”
― Gore Vidal, Screening History

“Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.”
― Mother Teresa

“I want to believe that I'm not wrong. I want to believe that life isn't full of darkness. Even if storms come to pass, the sun will shine again. No matter how painful and hard the rain may beat down on me.”
― Natsuki Takaya

“One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: ‘To rise above little things’.”
― John Burroughs

“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Au milieu de l'hiver, j'ai découvert en moi un invincible été.”
― Albert Camus

“At what point do you give up - decide enough is enough? There is only one answer really. Never.”
― Tabitha Suzuma, Forbidden

“...But the Mahommedan religion increases, instead of lessening, the fury of intolerance. It was originally propagated by the sword, and ever since, its votaries have been subject, above the people of all other creeds, to this form of madness. In a moment the fruits of patient toil, the prospects of material prosperity, the fear of death itself, are flung aside. The more emotional Pathans are powerless to resist. All rational considerations are forgotten. Seizing their weapons, they become Ghazis—as dangerous and as sensible as mad dogs: fit only to be treated as such. While the more generous spirits among the tribesmen become convulsed in an ecstasy of religious bloodthirstiness, poorer and more material souls derive additional impulses from the influence of others, the hopes of plunder and the joy of fighting. Thus whole nations are roused to arms. Thus the Turks repel their enemies, the Arabs of the Soudan break the British squares, and the rising on the Indian frontier spreads far and wide. In each case civilisation is confronted with militant Mahommedanism. The forces of progress clash with those of reaction. The religion of blood and war is face to face with that of peace.”
― Winston Churchill, The Story of the Malakand Field Force

“Everyone must dream. We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, that's like saying you can never change your fate. Isn't that true?”
― Amy Tan, The Hundred Secret Senses

“Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!”
― Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart

“Ask yourself these three questions, Tatiana Metanova, and you will know who you are. Ask: What do believe in? What do you hope for? What do you love?”
― Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman

“She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.”
― robert m drake

“Ónen i-estel edain, ú-chebin estel anim.
(I gave Hope to the Dúnedain, I have kept none for myself.)
(Gilraen's linnod)”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”
― Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four

“Where there is no hope, it is incumbent on us to invent it.”
― Albert Camus

“Everybody has a home team: It’s the people you call when you get a flat tire or when something terrible happens. It’s the people who, near or far, know everything that’s wrong with you and love you anyways. These are the ones who tell you their secrets, who get themselves a glass of water without asking when they’re at your house. These are the people who cry when you cry. These are your people, your middle-of-the-night, no-matter-what people.”
― Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way

“Happiness is always there. You just have to choose to see it. There's no point dwelling in the dark and ignoring the light of the stars.”
― Carrie Hope Fletcher

“Anything under God's control is never out of control.”
― Charles Swindoll

“Our strategy should be not only to confront empire, but to lay siege to it. To deprive it of oxygen. To shame it. To mock it. With our art, our music, our literature, our stubbornness, our joy, our brilliance, our sheer relentlessness – and our ability to tell our own stories. Stories that are different from the ones we’re being brainwashed to believe.

The corporate revolution will collapse if we refuse to buy what they are selling – their ideas, their version of history, their wars, their weapons, their notion of inevitability.

Remember this: We be many and they be few. They need us more than we need them.

Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can hear her breathing.”
― Arundhati Roy, War Talk

“Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.”
― Cormac McCarthy, The Road

“But you can build a future out of anything. A scrap, a flicker. The desire to go forward, slowly, one foot at a time. You can build an airy city out of ruins.”
― Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium

“It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If there's only one nation in the sky, shouldn't all passports be valid for it?”
― Yann Martel, Life of Pi

“The chief beauty about time
is that you cannot waste it in advance.
The next year, the next day, the next hour are lying ready for you,
as perfect, as unspoiled,
as if you had never wasted or misapplied
a single moment in all your life.
You can turn over a new leaf every hour
if you choose.”
― Arnold Bennett

“Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.”
― J.K. Rowling

“Out of doubt, out of dark to the day's rising
I came singing into the sun, sword unsheathing.
To hope's end I rode and to heart's breaking:
Now for wrath, now for ruin and a red nightfall! ”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“With every mistake, we must surely be learning.”
― George Harrison

“Hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare in the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?”
― Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go

“A girl has to have a beautiful smile, Beautiful eyes and she should have a good sense of humor. She should be honest, loving and trustworthy.”
― Justin Bieber

“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Dance. Smile. Giggle. Marvel. TRUST. HOPE. LOVE. WISH. BELIEVE. Most of all, enjoy every moment of the journey, and appreciate where you are at this moment instead of always focusing on how far you have to go.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“Hope itself is like a star- not to be seen in the sunshine of prosperity, and only to be discovered in the night of adversity. ”
― C.H. Spurgeon

“Don’t worry if people think you’re crazy. You are crazy. You have that kind of intoxicating insanity that lets other people dream outside of the lines and become who they’re destined to be.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“But hoping," he said, "is how the impossible can be possible after all.”
― Marissa Meyer, Heartless

“We pass through this world but once. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.”
― Stephen Jay Gould, The Mismeasure of Man

“Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together.”
― Marylin Monroe

“Then you must teach my daughter this same lesson. How to lose your innocence but not your hope. How to laugh forever.”
― Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club

“Hopes are like hair ornaments. Girls want to wear too many of them. When they become old women they look silly wearing even one.”
― Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha

“There is a secret medicine given only to those who hurt so hard they can't hope.

The hopers would feel slighted if they knew.”
― Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi, The Essential Rumi

“The only way of knowing a person is to love them without hope.”
― Walter Benjamin

“The Fourteenth Book is entitled, "What can a Thoughtful Man Hope for Mankind on Earth, Given the Experience of the Past Million Years?"
It doesn't take long to read The Fourteenth Book. It consists of one word and a period.
This is it: "Nothing.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle

“No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.”
― Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion

“It’s probably my job to tell you life isn’t fair, but I figure you already know that. So instead, I’ll tell you that hope is precious, and you’re right not to give up.”
― C.J. Redwine, Defiance

“Remind thyself, in the darkest moments, that every failure is only a step toward success, every detection of what is false directs you toward what is true, every trial exhausts some tempting form of error, and every adversity will only hide, for a time, your path to peace and fulfillment. ”
― Og Mandino

“Do not follow me! Let's just be fabulously where we are and who we are. You be you and I'll be me, today and today and today, and let's trust the future to tommorrow. Let the stars keep track of us. Let us ride our own orbits and trust that they will meet. May our reunion be not a finding but a sweet collision of destinies!”
― Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl

“The only way we'll get freedom for ourselves is to identify ourselves with every oppressed people in the world. We are blood brothers to the people of Brazil, Venezuela, Haiti, Cuba -- yes Cuba too.”
― Malcolm X

“We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears.”
― François de La Rochefoucauld

“What I want is so simple I almost can't say it: elementary kindness.”
― Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams

“Never lose faith in yourself, and never lose hope; remember, even when this world throws its worst and then turns its back, there is still always hope.”
― Pittacus Lore, The Power of Six

“I don't like hope very much. In fact, I hate it. It's the crystal meth of emotions. It hooks you fast and kills you hard. It's bad news. The worst. It's sharp sticks and cherry bombs. When hope shows up, it's only a matter of time until someone gets hurt.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution

“To wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect”
― Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility

“Sir Topher finally looked up. “Because any hope beyond that, my boy, would be too much. I feared we would drown in it.”
"Then I choose to drown,” Finnikin said. “In hope. Rather than float into nothing.”
― Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock

“Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you’re willing to be.”
― robert m drake

“What disturbs and depresses young people is the hunt for happiness on the firm assumption that it must be met with in life. From this arises constantly deluded hope and so also dissatisfaction. Deceptive images of a vague happiness hover before us in our dreams, and we search in vain for their original. Much would have been gained if, through timely advice and instruction, young people could have had eradicated from their minds the erroneous notion that the world has a great deal to offer them.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer

“I want to be the best version of myself for anyone who is going to someday walk into my life and need someone to love them beyond reason.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“And the past held only this wisdom: that love was a damaging mistake, and its accomplice, hope, a treacherous illusion. And whenever those twin poisonous flowers began to sprout in the parched land of that field, Mariam uprooted them. She uprooted them and ditched them before they took hold.”
― Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns

“A great hope fell
You heard no noise
The ruin was within.”
― Emily Dickinson

“May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears.”
― Nelson Mandela

“The sooner you make a mistake and learn to live with it, the better. You're not responsible for everything. You can't control the way things end up.”
― Courtney Summers, Cracked Up to Be

“When someone you love says goodbye you can stare long and hard at the door they closed and forget to see all the doors God has open in front of you.”
― Shannon Alder

“The artist's job is not to succumb to despair but to find an antidote for the emptiness of existence.”
― Woody Allen, Midnight in Paris: The Shooting Script

“If winter comes, can spring be far behind?”
― Percy Bysshe Shelley, Ode to the West Wind

“Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world.”
― Alfred Lord Tennyson

“In the unlikely story that is America, there has never been anything false about hope.”
― Barack Obama

“Civil government, so far as it is instituted for the security of property, is in reality instituted for the defense of the rich against the poor, or of those who have some property against those who have none at all.”
― Adam Smith

“Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling”
― Tony DeLiso, Legacy: The Power Within

“If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away. This responsiveness had nothing to do with that flabby impressionability which is dignified under the name of the "creative temperament"--it was an extraordinary gift for hope, a romantic readiness such as I have never found in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again. No--Gatsby turned out all right at the end; it is what preyed on Gatsby, what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and short-winded elations of men.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby

“Hope is the thing with feathers
That perches in the soul,
And sings the tune without the words,
And never stops at all,

And sweetest in the gale is heard;
And sore must be the storm
That could abash the little bird
That kept so many warm.

I've heard it in the chilliest land
And on the strangest sea;
Yet, never, in extremity,
It asked a crumb of me.”
― Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson

“The Christian says, 'Creatures are not born with desires unless satisfaction for those desires exists. A baby feels hunger: well, there is such a thing as food. A duckling wants to swim: well, there is such a thing as water. Men feel sexual desire: well, there is such a thing as sex. If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world. If none of my earthly pleasures satisfy it, that does not prove that the universe is a fraud. Probably earthly pleasures were never meant to satisfy it, but only to arouse it, to suggest the real thing. If that is so, I must take care, on the one hand, never to despise, or to be unthankful for, these earthly blessings, and on the other, never to mistake them for the something else of which they are only a kind of copy, or echo, or mirage. I must keep alive in myself the desire for my true country, which I shall not find till after death; I must never let it get snowed under or turned aside; I must make it the main object of life to press on to that country and to help others to do the same.”
― C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity

“Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness. Unfortunately the happiness is there. There is always the chance (about eight hundred and fifty to one) that another heart will come to mine. I can't help hoping, and keeping faith, and loving beauty. Quite frequently I am not so miserable as it would be wise to be.”
― T.H. White, Ghostly, Grim and Gruesome

“O, wonder!
How many goodly creatures are there here!
How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world,
That has such people in't!”
― William Shakespeare, The Tempest

“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
― Dr Roopleen, Words to inspire the winner in YOU

“Everything that is done in this world is done by hope.”
― Martin Luther

“Despair is typical of those who do not understand the causes of evil, see no way out, and are incapable of struggle.”
― Vladimir Lenin

“I know we're not saints or virgins or lunatics; we know all the lust and lavatory jokes, and most of the dirty people; we can catch buses and count our change and cross the roads and talk real sentences. But our innocence goes awfully deep, and our discreditable secret is that we don't know anything at all, and our horrid inner secret is that we don't care that we don't.”
― Dylan Thomas

“Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.”
― Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam

“Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken.”
― robert m drake

“You'll stop hurting when you stop hoping.”
― Guillaume Musso, Seras-tu là?

“Have you ever hoped for something? And held out for it against all the odds? Until everything you did was ridiculous? ”
― Ali Shaw, The Girl With Glass Feet

“The thing the sixties did was to show us the possibilities and the responsibility that we all had. It wasn't the answer. It just gave us a glimpse of the possibility.”
― John Lennon

“The gospel is this: We are more sinful and flawed in ourselves than we ever dared believe, yet at the very same time we are more loved and accepted in Jesus Christ than we ever dared hope.”
― Timothy Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God

“There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn't.”
― John Green, Turtles All the Way Down

“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Farewell Hope, and with Hope farewell Fear”
― John Milton

“You can't eat hope,' the woman said.
You can't eat it, but it sustains you,' the colonel replied.”
― Gabriel García Márquez; Morino, Angelo (translator), El coronel no tiene quien le escriba

“Hope costs nothing. ”
― Colette

“Turn around and believe that the good news that we are loved is better than we ever dared hope, and that to believe in that good news, to live out of it and toward it, to be in love with that good news, is of all glad things in this world the gladdest thing of all. Amen, and come Lord Jesus.”
― Frederick Buechner, The Clown in the Belfry: Writings on Faith and Fiction

“Even in the mud and scum of things, something always, always sings.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“A tamed woman will never leave her mark in the world.”
― robert m drake

“We should ask God to increase our hope when it is small, awaken it when it is dormant, confirm it when it is wavering, strengthen it when it is weak, and raise it up when it is overthrown.”
― John Calvin

“Faith goes up the stairs that love has built and looks out the windows which hope has opened.”
― Charles H. Spurgeon

“So don't be frightened, dear friend, if a sadness confronts you larger than any you have ever known, casting its shadow over all you do. You must think that something is happening within you, and remember that life has not forgotten you; it holds you in its hand and will not let you fall. Why would you want to exclude from your life any uneasiness, any pain, any depression, since you don't know what work they are accomplishing within you?”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet

“I think sometimes when we find love we pretend it away, or ignore it, or tell ourselves we’re imagining it. Because it is the most painful kind of hope there is.”
― Rae Carson, The Bitter Kingdom

“And books, they offer one hope -- that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe, one is saved.”
― Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm

“Me and you, we got more yesterday than anybody. We need some kind of tomorrow.”
― Toni Morrison, Beloved

“Desire makes life happen. Makes it matter. Makes everything worth it. Desire is life. Hunger to see the next sunrise or sunset, to touch the one you love, to try again.

'Hell would be waking up and wanting nothing,' he agrees.”
― Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever

“While there's life, there's hope.”
― Marcus Tullius Cicero

“Death is unstoppable. One must face it as a fact of life”
― D. Aswini, Saffron - The Blood Swan

“Wasn't it better if they kept this desire to see each other hidden within them, and never actually got together? That way, there would always be hope in their hearts. That hope would be a small, yet vital flame that warmed them to their core-- a tiny flame to cup one's hands around and protect from the wind, a flame that the violent winds of reality might easily extinguish.”
― Haruki Murakami, 1Q84

“My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.”
― Jim Henson

“I really don't even know you, and yet, in my life, you are forever entangled; to my history, inextricably bound.”
― Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer

“That was all a man needed: hope. It was lack of hope that discouraged a man.”
― Charles Bukowski, Factotum

“Night flight to San Francisco; chase the moon across America. God, it’s been years since I was on a plane. When we hit 35,000 feet we’ll have reached the tropopause, the great belt of calm air, as close as I’ll ever get to the ozone. I dreamed we were there. The plane leapt the tropopause, the safe air, and attained the outer rim, the ozone, which was ragged and torn, patches of it threadbare as old cheesecloth, and that was frightening. But I saw something that only I could see because of my astonishing ability to see such things: Souls were rising, from the earth far below, souls of the dead, of people who had perished, from famine, from war, from the plague, and they floated up, like skydivers in reverse, limbs all akimbo, wheeling and spinning. And the souls of these departed joined hands, clasped ankles, and formed a web, a great net of souls, and the souls were three-atom oxygen molecules of the stuff of ozone, and the outer rim absorbed them and was repaired. Nothing’s lost forever. In this world, there’s a kind of painful progress. Longing for what we’ve left behind, and dreaming ahead. At least I think that’s so.”
― Tony Kushner, Perestroika

“Sometimes to self-discover you must self-destruct.”
― robert m drake

“A red-gold glow burst suddenly across the enchanted sky above them as an edge of dazzling sun appeared over the sill of the nearest window. The light hit both of their faces at the same time, so that Voldemort's was suddenly a flaming blur. Harry heard the high voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the heavens, pointing Draco's wand:
"Avada Kedavra!"
"Expelliarmus!"
The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden flames that erupted between them, at the dead center of the circle they had been treading, marked the point where the spells collided. Harry saw Voldemort's green jet meet his own spell, saw the Elder Wand fly high, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the enchanted ceiling, spinning through the air toward the master it would not kill, who had come to take full possession of it at last.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows

“In these times I don't, in a manner of speaking, know what I want; perhaps I don't want what I know and want what I don't know.”
― Marsilio Ficino, The Letters of Marsilio Ficino, Vol. 3

“What a lovely thing a rose is!"

He walked past the couch to the open window and held up the drooping stalk of a moss-rose, looking down at the dainty blend of crimson and green. It was a new phase of his character to me, for I had never before seen him show any keen interest in natural objects.

"There is nothing in which deduction is so necessary as religion," said he, leaning with his back against the shutters. "It can be built up as an exact science by the reasoner. Our highest assurance of the goodness of Providence seems to me to rest in the flowers. All other things, our powers, our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence in the first instance. But this rose is an extra. Its smell and its color are an embellishment of life, not a condition of it. It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.”
― Arthur Conan Doyle, The Naval Treaty

“Totally without hope one cannot live. To live without hope is to cease to live. Hell is hopelessness. It is no accident that above the entrance to Dante's hell is the inscription: "Leave behind all hope, you who enter here.”
― Jurgen Moltmann, Theology of Hope

“What hope is there?" I asked. "If even angels fall, what hope is there for the rest of us?”
― Richelle Mead, Succubus Dreams

“And in despair I bowed my head;
"There is no peace on earth," I said;
"For hate is strong,
And mocks the song
Of peace on earth, good-will to men!"

Then pealed the bells more loud and deep:
"God is not dead, nor doth he sleep!
The Wrong shall fail,
the Right prevail,
With peace on earth, good-will to men!”
― Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

“Hope is a force of nature. Don't let anyone tell you different.”
― Jim Butcher, Changes

“Hope is the last thing a person does before they are defeated.”
― Henry Rollins

“I wanted to see the place where Margaret grew to what she is, even at the worst time of all, when I had no hope of ever calling her mine.”
― Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South

“You said you didn't want to get involved with me,that one of us would get hurt and how you couldn't bear it. Well that just isn't good enough..Look what happens to people just living their lives. They get hurt, it's not fair they get hurt but they do, all the time, no matter how careful they are. Somebody can just just come along and hurt them, for no stupid reason..”
― Julian Gough, Juno & Juliet

“The best kind of humans are the ones who stay.”
― robert m drake

“I want him to love me as much as I love him.”
― L.J. Smith, The Awakening

“Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring those ripples build a current which can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance.”
― Robert F. Kennedy

“...and that's when I get to wondering, what would happen if I told her she something good, ever day?”
― Kathryn Stockett, The Help

“I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“Broken heart will turn into a stronger one within hope.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“She wondered that hope was so much harder then despair.”
― Patricia Briggs, Cry Wolf

“I'm inspired by the people I meet in my travels--hearing their stories, seeing the hardships they overcome, their fundamental optimism and decency. I'm inspired by the love people have for their children. And I'm inspired by my own children, how full they make my heart. They make me want to work to make the world a little bit better. And they make me want to be a better man.”
― Barack Obama

“In fact no one recognizes the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it. It may well be that, in a moment of joy, one might sincerely believe that they are living that golden instant "now," even having lived such a moment before, but whatever they say, in one part of their hearts they still believe in the certainty of a happier moment to come. Because how could anyone, and particularly anyone who is still young, carry on with the belief that everything could only get worse: If a person is happy enough to think he has reached the happiest moment of his life, he will be hopeful enough to believe his future will be just as beautiful, more so.”
― Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence

“The future is uncertain, but that can be a good thing.”
― Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places

“The past is made out of facts... I guess the future is just hope.”
― Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies

“We yearned for the future. How did we learn it, that talent for insatiability?”
― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale

“It’s not over if you’re still here,” Chronicler said. “It’s not a tragedy if you’re still alive.”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear

“Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. So burn, let go and dive into the horror, because maybe it’s the chaos which helps us find where we belong.”
― robert m drake

“You said you knew the perfect place to run to. A place that was empty of people, and buildings, and far, far away. A place covered in blood-red earth and sleeping life. A place longing to come alive again. It's a place for disappearing, you'd said, a place for getting lost... and for getting found.
I'll take you there, you'd said.
And I could say that I agreed.”
― Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor

“in a woman's womb.
another chance.
to make the world better.”
― Ellen Hopkins, Burned

“If you follow the will of God, you know that in spite of all the terrible things that happen to you, you will never lose a final refuge. You know that the foundation of the world is love, so that even when no human being can or will help you, you may go on, trusting in the One that loves you.”
― Pope Benedict XVI

“Hope is a verb with its shirtsleeves rolled up.”
― David Orr

“T is not too late to seek a newer world.
Push off, and sitting well in order smite
The sounding furrows; for my purpose holds
To sail beyond the sunset, and the baths
Of all the western stars, until I die.
It may be that the gulfs will wash us down:
It may be we shall touch the Happy Isles,
And see the great Achilles, whom we knew.
Tho’ much is taken, much abides; and tho’
We are not now that strength which in old days
Mov’d earth and heaven, that which we are, we are:
One equal temper of heroic hearts,
Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will
To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.”
― Alfred, Lord Tennyson, Ulysses

“We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn't want to be ordinary.”
― robert m drake

“I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.”
― Pearl S. Buck

“Whether we wound or are wounded, the blood that flows is red.”
― Eiichiro Oda

“Hope springs eternal in the human breast;
Man never Is, but always To be blest.
The soul, uneasy, and confin'd from home,
Rests and expatiates in a life to come.”
― Alexander Pope, An Essay on Man

“Keep a light, hopeful heart. But ­expect the worst.”
― Joyce Carol Oates

“To this day, I can never shake the connection between this boy, Peeta Mellark, and the bread that gave me hope, and the dandelion that reminded me that I was not doomed.”
― Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games

“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
― Dr Roopleen, Words to inspire the winner in YOU

“Never give up.
It's like breathing—once you quit, your flame dies letting total darkness extinguish every last gasp of hope. You can't do that. You must continue taking in even the shallowest of breaths, continue putting forth even the smallest of efforts to sustain your dreams. Don't ever, ever, ever give up.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“Pray, hope, and don't worry. Worry is useless. God is merciful and will hear your prayer.”
― Padre Pio

“You are enough to drive a saint to madness or a king to his knees.”
― Grace Willows, To Kiss a King

“À l'aurore, armés d'une ardente patience, nous entrerons aux splendides Villes.

(In the dawn, armed with a burning patience, we shall enter the splendid Cities.)”
― Arthur Rimbaud, Season in Hell Other Poems

“I caught myself thinking about falling in love with someone who I hoped was out there right now thinking about the possibility of me, but I quickly banished the notion. It was that kind of thinking that landed me in this situation to begin with. Hope can ruin you.”
― Perry Moore, Hero

“May it [American independence] be to the world, what I believe it will be, (to some parts sooner, to others later, but finally to all,) the signal of arousing men to burst the chains under which monkish ignorance and superstition had persuaded them to bind themselves, and to assume the blessings and security of self-government. That form which we have substituted, restores the free right to the unbounded exercise of reason and freedom of opinion. All eyes are opened, or opening, to the rights of man. The general spread of the light of science has already laid open to every view the palpable truth, that the mass of mankind has not been born with saddles on their backs, nor a favored few booted and spurred, ready to ride them legitimately... These are grounds of hope for others. For ourselves, let the annual return of this day forever refresh our recollections of these rights, and an undiminished devotion to them.

[Letter to Roger C. Weightman on the anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence in 1776, 24 June 1826. This was Jefferson's last letter]”
― Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson

“How foolish to believe we are more powerful than the sea or the sky.”
― Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea

“Madness and chaos are self-destructing but over thinking is the suicide.”
― robert m drake

“Hope is a horrible thing, you know. I don't know who decided to package hope as a virtue because it's not. It's a plague. Hope is like walking around with a fishhook in your mouth and somebody just keeps pulling it and pulling it.”
― Ann Patchett, State of Wonder

“Some of us walk around with a necklace of hope, an armour of sanity, but at the end of the day, they always come off. We reveal our naked, vulnerable, real selves.”
― Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading 2

“People without hope not only don't write novels, but what is more to the point, they don't read them.”
― Flannery O'Connor

“A man devoid of hope and conscious of being so has ceased to belong to the future.”
― Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays

“Long distance is hard. You have to trust that as you each change on your own, your relationship will also change along with you. It takes hope, good humor, and idealism. It takes a massive dose of courage to protect the relationship at all odds. It is hard, but worth it. You'll both be stronger as a result.”
― Craig M. Mullaney, The Unforgiving Minute: A Soldier's Education

“It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.”
― Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart

“Hope is the power of being cheerful in circumstances that we know to be desperate.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“But all I could think of was how when nothing made sense and hadn't for ages, you just have to grab onto anything you feel sure of.”
― Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever

“It was their secret, a secret meant for just the two of them, and she'd never been able to imagine how it would sound coming from someone else. But, somehow, Logan made it sound just right.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One

“Sometimes when you least expect it, the tables turn and that scary feeling that has taken hold of you for so long somehow turns into hope”
― David Archuleta, Chords of Strength: A Memoir of Soul, Song and the Power of Perseverance

“Darkness does not leave us easily as we would hope.”
― Margaret Stohl

“While the heart beats, hope lingers.”
― Alison Croggon

“To live on a day-to-day basis is insufficient for human beings; we need to transcend, transport, escape; we need meaning, understanding, and explanation; we need to see over-all patterns in our lives. We need hope, the sense of a future. And we need freedom (or, at least, the illusion of freedom) to get beyond ourselves, whether with telescopes and microscopes and our ever-burgeoning technology, or in states of mind that allow us to travel to other worlds, to rise above our immediate surroundings.

We may seek, too, a relaxing of inhibitions that makes it easier to bond with each other, or transports that make our consciousness of time and mortality easier to bear. We seek a holiday from our inner and outer restrictions, a more intense sense of the here and now, the beauty and value of the world we live in.”
― Oliver Sacks

“You see, we cannot draw lines and compartments and refuse to budge beyond them. Sometimes you have to use your failures as stepping-stones to success. You have to maintain a fine balance between hope and despair.' He paused, considering what he had just said. 'Yes', he repeated. 'In the end, it's all a question of balance.”
― Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance

“We carry within us the wonders we seek without us.”
― Sir Thomas Browne, Prose: "Religio Medici" , "Hydriotaphia" , "Garden of Cyrus" , "Letter to a Friend" , "Christian Morals" and Selections from Other Works

“She was broken, I think it’s because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken.”
― robert m drake

“People have hope because they cannot see Death standing behind them.”
― Tite Kubo

“Euripedes. Nothing is hopeless; we must hope for everything.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time

“We're called to be faithful, to take those first difficult steps--and to leave the results up to God.”
― Alex Harris

“It was stupid to hope, she knew. But sometimes hope was all you had.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls

“If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you.”
― robert m drake

“Love is love is love is love is love is love is love is love cannot be killed or swept aside.”
― Lin-Manuel Miranda

“It’s funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of.”
― robert m drake

“Appreciate the moment of a first kiss; it may be the last time you own your heart.”
― robert m drake

“The truth is I didn’t need therapy; I just needed to feel loved and know that someone out there craved my attention.”
― robert m drake

“Society will always be too fragile to accept us for all that makes us beautiful.”
― robert m drake

“We all give up great expectations along the way.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game

“You should read something else."
Why would he have done that to him?"
I don't know," she said.
Do you ever feel like Job?"
She smiled, a little twinkle in her eyes.
Sometimes."
But you haven't lost your faith?"
No," I knew she hadn't, but I think I was losing mine.
Is it because you think you might get better?"
No," she said,"its because its the only thing I have left.”
― Nicholas Sparks

“youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.”
― Aristotle

“And worse I may be yet: the worst is not
So long as we can say 'This is the worst.”
― William Shakespeare, King Lear

“While there is tea, there is hope.”
― Arthur Wing Pinero, Sweet Lavender - A Comedy in Three Acts.

“I can hardly wait for tomorrow, it means a new life for me each and every day.”
― Stanley Kunitz

“Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile. Life is still being needlessly hurt and destroyed.”
― Michael Jackson

“Poets are damned… but see with the eyes of angels.”
― Allen Ginsberg

“Hope is the crystal meth of emotions. It hooks you fast and kills you hard.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution

“Those who make us believe that anything’s possible and fire our imagination over the long haul, are often the ones who have survived the bleakest of circumstances. The men and women who have every reason to despair, but don’t, may have the most to teach us, not only about how to hold true to our beliefs, but about how such a life can bring about seemingly impossible social change. ”
― Paul Rogat Loeb, The Impossible Will Take a Little While: A Citizen's Guide to Hope in a Time of Fear

“To be running breathlessly, but not yet arrived, is itself delightful, a suspended moment of living hope.”
― Anne Carson, Eros the Bittersweet

“Suddenly, everything was beautiful. The way she viewed the world was nothing more but a reflection of herself.”
― robert m drake

“Tell me what’s the difference
between hope and waiting
because my heart doesn’t know
It constantly cuts itself on the glass of waiting
It constantly gets lost in the fog of hope”
― Anna Kamienska

“There is nothing more important than your eternal salvation.”
― Kirk Cameron

“Andy Dufresne: 'That's the beauty of music. They can't get that from you...haven't you ever felt that way about music?'
Red: 'I played a mean harmonica as a younger man. Lost interest in it though. Didn't make much sense in here.'
Andy: 'Here's where it makes the most sense. You need it so you don't forget.'
Red: 'Forget?'
Andy: 'Forget that...there are places in this world that aren't made out of stone. That there's something inside...that they can't get to, that they can't touch. That's yours.'
Red: 'What're you talking about?'
Andy: 'Hope.”
― Stephen King, Different Seasons

“Whatever happens in your life, no matter how troubling things might seem, do not enter the neighbourhood of despair.
Even when all doors remain closed, God wil open up a new path only for you. Be thankful! It is easy to be thankful when all is well. A Sufi is thankful not only for what he has been given but also for all that has been denied.”
― Elif Shafak

“I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you.”
― robert m drake

“It's difficult in times like these: ideals, dreams and cherished hopes rise within us, only to be crushed by grim reality. It's a wonder I haven't abandoned all my ideals, they seem so absurd and impractical. Yet I cling to them because I still believe, in spite of everything, that people are truly good at heart.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“To be human is to be broken and broken is its own kind of beautiful.”
― robert m drake

“Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.”
― Steve Jobs

“Saving You

The darkness takes him over,
the sickness pulls him in;
his eyes—a blown out candle,
I wish to go with him.

Sometimes I see a flicker—
a light that shone from them;
I hold him to me tightly,
before he's gone again.”
― Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure

“We can be redeemed only to the extent to which we see ourselves.”
― Martin Buber

“Without God, life has no purpose, and without purpose, life has no meaning. Without meaning, life has no significance or hope.”
― Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?

“when you feel like hope is gone, look inside you and be strong and you'll finally see the truth- that hero lies in you.”
― Mariah Carey

“Reader, do you think it is a terrible thing to hope when there is really no reason to hope at all? Or is it (as the soldier said about happiness) something that you might just as well do, since,in the end, it really makes no difference to anyone but you?”
― Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux

“She was broken from moment to moment, watching her world collide she felt lost inside herself. She fell apart for a passion that flamed beneath her. She waited and died a hundred times, it dripped from her pores. The moment she let go, she soared over the stillness like the star she was born to be.”
― robert m drake

“I have always believed that hope is that stubborn thing inside us that insists, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep working, to keep fighting.”
― Barack Obama

“We're here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.”
― Whoopi Goldberg

“Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well, but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.”
― Vaclav Havel

“At present we are on the outside of the world, the wrong side of the door. We discern the freshness and purity of morning, but they do not make us fresh and pure. We cannot mingle with the splendours we see. But all the leaves of the New Testament are rustling with the rumour that it will not always be so. Some day, God willing, we shall get in.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory

“The only true borders lie between day and night, between life and death, between hope and loss.”
― Erin Hunter

“Sometimes my fancy gets to floating inside me, threatening to carry me away like a leaf on a wind. Better to be a stone.”
― Shannon Hale, Book of a Thousand Days

“When you don't know where you're going, you drive on the highway.”
― Roger Hedden, Bodies, Rest and Motion.

“When hope is fleeting, stop for a moment and visualize, in a sky of silver, the crescent of a lavender moon. Imagine it -- delicate, slim, precise, like a paper-thin slice from a cabochon jewel.

It may not be very useful, but it is beautiful.

And sometimes it is enough.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“It all counts,' Adam said again. 'And the bottom line is, what defines you isn't how many times you crash, but the number of times you get back on the bike. As long as it's one more, you're all good.-pg 325 Along for the Ride”
― Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride

“The very least you can do in your life is to figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof. What I want is so simple I almost can’t say it: elementary kindness. Enough to eat, enough to go around. The possibility that kids might one day grow up to be neither the destroyers nor the destroyed. That’s about it. Right now I'm living in that hope, running down its hallway and touching the walls on both sides.”
― Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams

“Everything is relative in this world, where change alone endures.”
― Leon Trotsky

“If you lose hope, somehow you lose the vitality that keeps moving, you lose that courage to be, that quality that helps you go on in spite of it all. And so today I still have a dream.”
― Martin Luther King, Jr

“Tell me there is still good in the world. Tell me there is still hope for all of us.”
― Marie Lu, Champion

“Why are we worn out? Why do we, who start out so passionate, brave, noble, believing, become totally bankrupt by the age of thirty or thirty-five? Why is it that one is extinguished by consumption, another puts a bullet in his head, a third seeks oblivion in vodka, cards, a fourth, in order to stifle fear and anguish, cynically tramples underfoot the portrait of his pure, beautiful youth? Why is it that, once fallen, we do not try to rise, and, having lost one thing, we do not seek another? Why?”
― Anton Chekhov, The Complete Short Novels

“Hindsight, I think, is a useless tool. We, each of us, are at a place in our lives because of innumerable circumstances, and we, each of us, have a responsibility (if we do not like where we are) to move along life's road, to find a better path if this one does not suit, or to walk happily along this one if it is indeed our life's way. Changing even the bad things that have gone before would fundamentally change who we are, and whether or not that would be a good thing, I believe, it is impossible to predict.
So I take my past experiences... and try to regret nothing.
-Drizzt Do'urden”
― R.A. Salvatore, Sea of Swords

“Stop trying to be less of who you are. Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it.”
― Ellen DeGeneres

“When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.”
― Isak Dinesen

“Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.”
― Immanuel Kant

“I am heartbroken, but I have been heartbroken before, and this might be the best for which I can hope.”
― Lemony Snicket, The End

“Hope does not leave without being given permission.”
― Rick Riordan

“Magic comes from the heart, from your feelings, your deepest expressions of desire. That's why black magic is so easy—it comes from lust, from fear and anger, from things that are easy to feed and make grow. The sort I do is harder. It comes from something deeper than that, a truer and purer source—harder to tap, harder to keep, but ultimately more elegant, more powerful. My magic. That was at the heart of me. It was a manifestation of what I believed, what I lived. It came from my desire to see to it that someone stood between the darkness and the people it would devour. It came from my love of a good steak, from the way I would sometimes cry at a good movie or a moving symphony. From my life. From the hope that I could make things better for someone else, if not always for me. Somewhere, in all of that, I touched on something that wasn't tapped out, in spite of how horrible the past days had been, something that hadn't gone cold and numb inside of me. I grasped it, held it in my hand like a firefly, and willed its energy out, into the circle I had created with the spinning amulet on the end of its chain.”
― Jim Butcher, Fool Moon

“There is nothing more majestic than the determined courage of individuals willing to suffer and sacrifice for their freedom and dignity.”
― Martin Luther King Jr., The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr.

“He'd do what he always did, find the sweet among the bitter.”
― Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet

“Take a shower. Wash away every trace of yesterday. Of smells. Of weary skin. Get dressed. Make coffee, windows open, the sun shining through. Hold the cup with two hands and notice that you feel the feeling of warmth.  You still feel warmth. Now sit down and get to work. Keep your mind sharp, head on, eyes on the page and if small thoughts of worries fight their ways into your consciousness: threw them off like fires in the night and keep your eyes on the track. Nothing but the task in front of you. 
Get off your chair in the middle of the day. Put on your shoes and take a long walk on open streets around people. Notice how they’re all walking, in a hurry, or slowly. Smiling, laughing, or eyes straight forward, hurried to get to wherever they’re going. And notice how you’re just one of them. Not more, not less. Find comfort in the way you’re just one in the crowd. Your worries: no more, no less.

Go back home. Take the long way just to not pass the liquor store. Don’t buy the cigarettes. Go straight home. Take off your shoes. Wash your hands. Your face. Notice the silence. Notice your heart. It’s still beating. Still fighting. Now get back to work. Work with your mind sharp and eyes focused and if any thoughts of worries or hate or sadness creep their ways around, shake them off like a runner in the night for you own your mind, and you need to tame it. Focus. Keep it sharp on track, nothing but the task in front of you.
Work until your eyes are tired and head is heavy, and keep working even after that.

Then take a shower, wash off the day. Drink a glass of water. Make the room dark. Lie down and close your eyes. Notice the silence. Notice your heart. Still beating. Still fighting. You made it, after all. You made it, another day. And you can make it one more.  You’re doing just fine. You’re doing fine.

I’m doing just fine.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine

“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“It was never about the world being too big, it was more like she was too much for the world to handle.”
― robert m drake

“A child who does not think about what happens around him and is content with living without wondering whether he lives honestly is like a man who lives from a scoundrel's work and is on the road to being a scoundrel.”
― Jose Marti

“Don't despair: despair suggests you are in total control and know what is coming. You don't - surrender to events with hope.”
― Alain de Botton

“There's a taste in the air, sweet and vaguely antiseptic, that reminds him of his teenage years in these streets, and of a general state of longing, a hunger for life to begin that from this distance seems like happiness.”
― Ian McEwan, Saturday

“Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much or maybe I love too much to just give up on you.”
― robert m drake

“Once you choose hope, anything's possible.”
― Christopher Reeve

“Love doesn't come with an on-off switch. It's made of too many threads of memory and hope and heartache that weave themselves into the very core of who you are.”
― Martina Boone, Compulsion

“Religion, n. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.”
― Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary

“Blind, broke, jobless, and frustrated, Kevin found it difficult to get through the following few months. But he had one big thing going for him.
He was sober.
It was a new beginning.”
― Traci Medford-Rosow, Unblinded: One Man’s Courageous Journey through Darkness to Sight

“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Indonesia ini memang negeri yang unik, penuh dengan hal-hal yang seram serius, tetapi penuh dagelan dan badutan juga. Mengerikan tapi lucu, dilarang justru dicari dan amat laku, dianjurkan, disuruh tetapi malah diboikot, kalah tetapi justru menjadi amat populer dan menjadi pahlawan khalayak ramai, berjaya tetapi keok celaka, fanatik anti PKI tetapi berbuat persis PKI, terpeleset tetapi dicemburui, aman tertib tetapi kacau balau, ngawur tetapi justru disenangi, sungguh misterius tetapi gamblang bagi semua orang. Membuat orang yang sudah banyak makan garam seperti saya ini geleng-geleng kepala tetapi sekaligus kalbu hati cekikikan. Entahlah, saya tidak tahu. Gelap memprihatinkan tetapi mengandung harapan fajar menyingsing......(menyanyi) itulah Indonesia. Menulis kolooom selesai.
["Fenomena PRD dll,"].”
― Y.B. Mangunwijaya, Politik Hati Nurani

“But what is Hope? Nothing but the paint on the face of Existence; the least touch of truth rubs it off, and then we see what a hollow-cheeked harlot we have got hold of.”
― George Gordon Byron

“Sober, gainfully employed, and physically secure once again, Kevin began to relax. His confidence slowly returned. For the first time since the onset of his blindness, he let his guard down and a crack in his carefully constructed veneer formed.
Light flooded in.
And with it, hope.”
― Traci Medford-Rosow, Unblinded: One Man's Courageous Journey Through Darkness to Sight

“Hope?” he says. “There is always hope, John. New developments have yet to present themselves. Not all the information is in. No. Don’t give up hope just yet. It’s the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.”
― Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four

“You couldn't erase the past. You couldn't even change it. But sometimes life offered you the opportunity to put it right.”
― Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood

“You never really know what's coming. A small wave, or maybe a big one. All you can really do is hope that when it comes, you can surf over it, instead of drown in its monstrosity.”
― Alysha Speer

“To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.”
― Audrey Hepburn

“And here, finally here in this place, in these circumstances, I will really have to kill him. And Snow will win. Hot, bitter hatred courses through me. Snow has won too much already today. It's a long shot, it's suicide maybe, but I do the only thing I can think of. I lean in and kiss Peeta full on the mouth. His whole body starts shuddering, but I keep my lips pressed to his until I have to come up for air. My hands slide up his wrists to clasp his. "Don't let him take you from me." Peeta's panting hard as he fights the nightmares raging in his head. "No. I don't want to..." I clench his hands to the point of pain. "Stay with me." His pupils contract to pinpoints, dilate again rapidly, and then return to something resembling normalcy. "Always," he murmurs.”
― Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay

“In the midst of winter, I find within me the invisible summer...”
― Leo Tolstoy, The Kingdom of God Is Within You

“I inhale hope with every breath I take.”
― Sharon Kay Penman, When Christ and His Saints Slept

“Sometimes it's easy to lose faith in people. And sometimes one act of kindness is all it takes to give you hope again.”
― Randa Abdel-Fattah, Does My Head Look Big in This?

“We never know when our last day on earth will be. So, love with full sincerity, believe with true faith, and hope with all of your might. Better to have lived in truth and discovered life, than to have lived half heartedly and died long before you ever ceased breathing. ”
― Cristina Marrero

“The sun shall always rise upon a new day and there shall always be a rose garden within me. Yes, there is a part of me that is broken, but my broken soil gives way to my wild roses.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Hope keeps you alive.”
― Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall

“Nikolai had been told that hope was dangerous, had been warned of it many times. But he’d never believed that. Hope was the wind that came from nowhere to fill your sails and carry you home.”
― Leigh Bardugo, King of Scars

“Then I choose to drown. In hope. Rather than float into nothing.”
― Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock

“Faith is the very first thing you should pack in a hope chest.”
― Sarah Ban Breathnach

“It will get easier each time, I think. I hope. I just have to keep trying.”
― jenny han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before

“To hope for nothing, to expect nothing, to demand nothing. This is analytical despair.”
― James Hillman, Suicide and the Soul

“But then, life is a constant withering of possibilities. Some are stolen with the lives of people you love. Others are let go, with regret and reluctance and deep, deep sorrow. But there is compensation for lives unlived in the intoxicating joy of knowing that the life you have - right here, right now - if the one you have chosen. There is power in that, and hope.”
― Emily Maguire, Taming the Beast

“We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light.”
― Albert Pike

“Donde termina el arco iris,
en tu alma o en el horizonte?

Where does the rainbow end,
in your soul or on the horizon?”
― Pablo Neruda, The Book of Questions

“Hope is a passion for the possible.”
― Søren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling

“And remember: you must never, under any circumstances, despair. To hope and to act, these are our duties in misfortune.”
― Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago

“When you get ill do not get nervous about it and try as much as possible to be hopeful.”
― Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S

“To have Christian hope means to know about evil and yet to go to meet the future with confidence. The core of faith rests upon accepting being loved by God, and therefore to believe is to say Yes, not only to him, but to creation, to creatures, above all, to men, to try to see the image of God in each person and thereby to become a lover. That's not easy, but the basic Yes, the conviction that God has created men, that he stands behind them, that they aren't simply negative, gives love a reference point that enables it to ground hope on the basis of faith.”
― Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger/Pope Benedict

“Even if you find him. Even if he didn't leave you on purpose, he can't possibly live up to the person you've built him into."

It's not like the thought hasn't occurred to me. I get that the chances of finding him are small, but the chances of finding him as I remember him are even smaller. But I just keep going back to what my dad always says, about how when you lose something, you have to visualize the last place you had it. And I found―and then lost―so many things in Paris.”
― Gayle Forman, Just One Day

“The human soul has still greater need of the ideal than of the real. It is by the real that we exist, it is by the ideal that we live.”
― Victor Hugo

“As Kevin climbed the three flights of stairs to his apartment, his brain formulated a vague plan of action. He could not have explained it to anyone or even to himself in coherent sentences. But the outline was there in Kevin’s subconscious. It would not only change his life, but many others, as well.
A Call to Action had been born.”
― Traci Medford-Rosow, Unblinded: One Man’s Courageous Journey through Darkness to Sight

“She was a ray of sunshine, a warm summer rain, a bright fire on a cold winter’s day, and now she could be dead because she had tried to save the man she loved.”
― Grace Willows

“All these bad experiences that we go through, they don't just disappear. We carry them our whole life trying to forget, escaping in habits, addictions, hate, toxic relationships. But what we don't know is that by doing so we let them stay alive. We water them like withered flowers and we hang onto them to justify our mistakes and failures.”
― Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon

“Hope is a dangerous thing, Raisa thought. Once kindled, it's hard to put out. It makes wise people into fools.”
― Cinda Williams Chima, The Crimson Crown

“You didn't think I really liked you? Do you think I really like you now?"
He turned toward her, uncertainty in his face."You did go quite a lot of effort to be having this conversation, but... I don't want to read too much of what I hope into that."
Val stretched out beside him, resting her head in the crook of his arm. "What do you hope?"
He pulled her close, hands careful not to touch her wounds as they wrapped around her. "I hope that you feel for me as I do for you," he said, his voice like a sigh against her throat.
And how is that?" she asked, her lips so close to his jaw that she could taste the salt of his skin when she moved them.
You carried my heart in your hands tonight," he said. "But I have felt as if you carried it long before that."
She smiled and let her eyes drift closed. They lay there together, under the bridge, city lights burning outside the windows like a sky full of falling stars, as they slid off into sleep”
― Holly Black, Valiant

“Let my body dwell in poverty, and my hands be as the hands of the toiler; but let my soul be as a temple of remembrance where the treasures of knowledge enter and the inner sanctuary is hope.”
― George Eliot, Daniel Deronda

“I can do this… I can start over. I can save my own life and I’m never going to be alone as long as I have stars to wish on and people to still love.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“I don't want to live in a world where the strong rule and the weak cower. I'd rather make a place where things are a little quieter. Where trolls stay the hell under their bridges and where elves don't come swooping out to snatch children from their cradles. Where vampires respect the limits, and where the faeries mind their p's and q's. My name is Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. Conjure by it at your own risk. When things get strange, when what goes bump in the night flicks on the lights, when no one else can help you, give me a call. I'm in the book.”
― Jim Butcher, Storm Front

“What makes a hero? Courage, strength, morality, withstanding adversity? Are these the traits that truly show and create a hero? Is the light truly the source of darkness or vice versa? Is the soul a source of hope or despair? Who are these so called heroes and where do they come from? Are their origins in obscurity or in plain sight?”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead

“I spit on your happiness! I spit on your idea of life--that life that must go on, come what may. You are all like dogs that lick everything they smell. You with your promise of a humdrum happiness--provided a person doesn't ask much of life. I want everything of life, I do; and I want it now! I want it total, complete: otherwise I reject it! I will not be moderate. I will not be satisfied with the bit of cake you offer me if I promise to be a good little girl. I want to be sure of everything this very day; sure that everything will be as beautiful as when I was a little girl. If not, I want to die!”
― Jean Anouilh, Antigone

“Fear is the glue that keeps you stuck. Faith is the solvent that sets you free.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Hope was tricky like water. Somehow it always found a way in.”
― Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising

“But we were born of risen apes, not fallen angels, and the apes were armed killers besides. And so what shall we wonder at? Our murders and massacres and missiles, and our irreconcilable regiments? Or our treaties whatever they may be worth; our symphonies however seldom they may be played; our peaceful acres, however frequently they may be converted into battlefields; our dreams however rarely they may be accomplished. The miracle of man is not how far he has sunk but how magnificently he has risen. We are known among the stars by our poems, not our corpses.”
― Robert Ardrey

“I know now, after fifty years, that the finding/losing, forgetting/remembering, leaving/returning, never stops. The whole of life is about another chance, and while we are alive, till the very end, there is always another chance.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“I’ll make a swing so I can reach the places I can’t reach yet.”
― Nina LaCour, Hold Still

“I am, and always will be, the optimist. The hoper of far-flung hopes, and the dreamer of improbable dreams.”
― Eleventh Doctor

“Sometimes when I meet old friends, it reminds me how quickly time passes. And it makes me wonder if we've utilized our time properly or not. Proper utilization of time is so important. While we have this body, and especially this amazing human brain, I think every minute is something precious. Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time. I believe that the proper utilization of time is this: if you can, serve other people, other sentient beings. If not, at least refrain from harming them. I think that is the whole basis of my philosophy.

So, let us reflect what is truly of value in life, what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren't born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others. For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life becomes meaningful and more peaceful—happier.”
― Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness

“I am not afraid to die; I am only afraid of saying goodbye to you forever.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“...the monstrous thing is not that men have created roses out of this dung heap, but that, for some reason or other, they should want roses. For some reason or other man looks for the miracle, and to accomplish it he will wade through blood. He will debauch himself with ideas, he will reduce himself to a shadow if for only one second of his life he can close his eyes to the hideousness of reality. Everything is endured- disgrace, humiliation, poverty, war, crime, ennui- in the belief that overnight something will occur, a miracle, which will render life tolerable. And all the while a meter is running inside and there is no hand that can reach in there and shut it off.”
― Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer

“Well and good if all things change, O Lord God, provided I am rooted in You.”
― St. John of the Cross

“Because hope comes from in you, and wishes are just magic.”
― Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone

“It felt like I'd been living underground, and for a moment, I'd been given this glimpse of the sky. Once you've seen that, how can you go back where you came from?”
― Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care

“Is there a chance?
A fragment of light at the end of the tunnel?
A reason to fight?
Is there a chance you may change your mind?
Or are we ashes and wine?”
― Fine Frenzy

“Life without thankfulness is devoid of love and passion. Hope without thankfulness is lacking in fine perception. Faith without thankfulness lacks strength and fortitude. Every virtue divorced from thankfulness is maimed and limps along the spiritual road.”
― John Henry Jowett

“I thought: hope cannot be said to exist, nor can it be said not to exist. It is just like roads across the earth. For actually the earth had no roads to begin with, but when many men pass one way, a road is made.”
― Lu Hsun

“You’re not a bad person, you’re just a little bit different and I’m a sucker for that.”
― robert m drake

“You are where you need to be. Just take a deep breath.”
― Lana Parrilla

“She wildly burned for the one she loved and he stood there watching, hoping he too would catch a blaze from the violence stirring in her heart.”
― robert m drake

“Maybe love was meant to save us from ourselves.”
― robert m drake

“But human beings are not machines, and however powerful the pressure to conform, they sometimes are so moved by what they see as injustice that they dare to declare their independence. In that historical possibility lies hope.”
― Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times

“Watching my parents I've learnt a lesson many do not recognize. True love is not signaled by romantic, candle light dinners, red roses glistening with dew, or even Valentine's day celebrations. While these things may accompany our feelings, love is truly more than all those! Love is being with your spouse even when its not pleasing. Sometimes, love is walking down the hall, with your spouse hanging onto your shoulders and walking at a turtle's pace down the hall, just because surgery made life a burden. Love is patient, love is kind, love is Jesus! May we always remember love is not always tied in bows!﻿”
― Mary Kate

“Bagi gue, rumah adalah dia. Karena dia adalah tempat gue pulang. Karena, orang terbaik buat kita itu seperti rumah yang sempurna. Sesuatu yang bisa melindungi kita dari gelap, hujan, dan menawarkan kenyamanan.”
― Raditya Dika, Manusia Setengah Salmon

“...art must must carry man's craving for the ideal, must be an expression of his reaching out towards it; that art must give man hope and faith. And the more hopeless the world in the artist's version, the more clearly perhaps must we see the ideal that stands in opposition - otherwise life becomes impossible! Art symbolises the meaning of our existence.”
― Andrei Tarkovsky, Sculpting in Time

“The rest is just wishes and hope, the most fragile of things.”
― Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night

“But she loves me. Me. Just the way I am.”
― P.C. Cast, Destined

“Dead my old fine hopes
And dry my dreaming but still...
Iris, blue each spring”
― Shushiki, Japanese Haiku

“Perhaps it takes a purer faith to praise God for unrealized blessings than for those we once enjoyed or those we enjoy now.”
― A.W. Tozer

“But dear, don’t be afraid of love it’s only magic.”
― robert m drake

“I could recognise his soul in mine as much as he could find me in his. Our sole existences seemed to have been for this very moment when nothing else mattered.”
― X. Williamson, Distract My Hunger

“And then it occurs to me. They are frightened. In me, they see their own daughters, just as ignorant, just as unmindful of all the truths and hopes they have brought to America. They see daughters who grow impatient when their mothers talk in Chinese, who think they are stupid when they explain things in fractured English. They see that joy and luck do not mean the same to their daughters, that to these closed American-born minds "joy luck" is not a word, it does not exist. They see daughters who will bear grandchildren born without any connecting hope passed from generation to generation.”
― Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club

“Believe it is possible to solve your problem. Tremendous things happen to the believer. So believe the answer will come. It will.”
― Norman Vincent Peale

“Read this to yourself. Read it silently.
Don't move your lips. Don't make a sound.
Listen to yourself. Listen without hearing anything.
What a wonderfully weird thing, huh?

NOW MAKE THIS PART LOUD!
SCREAM IT IN YOUR MIND!
DROWN EVERYTHING OUT.
Now, hear a whisper. A tiny whisper.

Now, read this next line in your best crotchety-
old man voice:
"Hello there, sonny. Does your town have a post office?"
Awesome! Who was that? Whose voice was that?
It sure wasn't yours!

How do you do that?
How?!
It must've been magic.”
― Bo Burnham

“The times are chaotic. For me, I would hope that people look at [Angel] and gain strength by it. With everything that I do, I hope that they see people struggling to live decent, moral lives in a completely chaotic world. They see how hard it is, how often they fail, and how they get up and keep trying. That, to me, is the most important message I'm ever going to tell.”
― Joss Whedon

“Hope has a cost. Hope is not comfortable or easy. Hope requires personal risk. It is not about the right attitude. Hope is not about peace of mind. Hope is action. Hope is doing something. The more futile, the more useless, the more irrelevant and incomprehensible an act of rebellion is, the vaster and more potent hope becomes.
Hope never makes sense. Hope is weak, unorganized and absurd. Hope, which is always nonviolent, exposes in its powerlessness, the lies, fraud and coercion employed by the state. Hope knows that an injustice visited on our neighbor is an injustice visited on all of us. Hope posits that people are drawn to the good by the good. This is the secret of hope's power. Hope demands for others what we demand for ourselves. Hope does not separate us from them. Hope sees in our enemy our own face.”
― Chris Hedges

“A Pause of Thought

I looked for that which is not, nor can be,
And hope deferred made my heart sick in truth
But years must pass before a hope of youth
Is resigned utterly.

I watched and waited with a steadfast will:
And though the object seemed to flee away
That I so longed for, ever day by day
I watched and waited still.

Sometimes I said: This thing shall be no more;
My expectation wearies and shall cease;
I will resign it now and be at peace:
Yet never gave it o'er.

Sometimes I said: It is an empty name
I long for; to a name why should I give
The peace of all the days I have to live?--
Yet gave it all the same.

Alas, thou foolish one! alike unfit
For healthy joy and salutary pain:
Thou knowest the chase useless, and again
Turnest to follow it.”
― Christina Rossetti, Complete Poems

“I embraced a cloud,
but when I soared
it rained.”
― Frank O'Hara, Meditations in an Emergency

“A weak but steady throb lay beneath Kev's searching fingertips. Win's heartbeat...the pulse that sustained his universe.”
― Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise

“But hope rises like water trapped by a dam, higher and higher, in increments that mean nothing until you face the flood.”
― Leigh Bardugo, The Language of Thorns: Midnight Tales and Dangerous Magic

“How fortunate we were who still had hope I did not then realise; I could not know how soon the time would come when we should have no more hope, and yet be unable to die”
― Vera Brittain, Testament of Youth

“My pride shut me up, my hurt shut me down, and together they ganged up on my hope and let her get away.”
― David Levithan, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist

“People aren't just ants rushing around over a crust of bread. Every life, no matter how isolated, touches hundreds of others. It's up to us to decide if those micro connections are positive or negative. But whichever we decide, it does impact the ones we deal with. One word can give someone the strength they needed at that moment or it can shred them down to nothing. A single smile can turn a bad moment good. And one wrong outburst or word could be the tiny push that causes someone to slip over the edge into destruction.”
― Sherrilyn Kenyon, Infamous

“that there are many things that we cant understand. the past. the bad things that happened... and we become afraid. of what might happen in the future. its okay to be afraid. but we have to keep hoping and believeing... to keep hoping and trying our best to be good and do good. even when we're afraid”
― Nafisa Haji, The Writing on My Forehead

“Life has moments that feel as if the sun has blackened to tar and the entire world turned to ice.  It feels as if Hades and his vile demons have risen from the depths of Tartarus solely for the purpose of banding to personally torture you, and that their genuine intent of mental, emotional, and spiritual anguish is tearing you to shreds.  Your heart weighs as heavily as leaden legs which you would drag yourself forward with if not for the quicksand that pulls you down inch by inch, paralyzing your will and threatening oblivion.  And all the while fire and brimstone pour from the sky, pelting only you.  
Truly, that is what it feels like. But that feeling is a trial that won't last forever.  Never give up.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“It was time to let go of the mad desire to remember. It was time to start living whatever life would come. In the present, not the past.”
― Adi Alsaid, Let's Get Lost

“I knew I was alone in a way that no earthling has ever been before.”
― Michael Collins

“I need you because I know I deserve you but let me fall in love with you one last time before I let go. So I can remember the beautiful imperfection that rattled my bones.”
― robert m drake

“There is always a part of my mind that is preparing for the worst, and another part of my mind that believes if I prepare enough for it, the worst won’t happen.”
― Kay Redfield Jamison

“We grow up with such an idealistic view on how our life should be; love, friendships, a career or even the place we will live ~ only to age and realise none of it is what you expected & reality is a little disheartening, when you've reached that realisation; you have learnt the gift of all, any new beginning can start now and if you want anything bad enough you'll find the courage to pursue it with all you have. The past doesn't have to be the future, stop making it so.”
― Nikki Rowe

“Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back. I’m going to help you forgive the things that you won’t let yourself forget.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“she was completely whole
and yet never fully complete”
― Maquita Donyel Irvin, Stories of a Polished Pistil: Lace and Ruffles

“A person can do incredible things if he or she has enough hope.”
― shannon k. butcher

“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
― Sanhita Baruah

“You spend your whole life looking for answers because you think the next answer will solve all your problems: make you a little less miserable, because when you run out of questions you don't just run out of answers... you run out hope.”
― house

“Nothing is predestined. The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.”
― Ralph Blum

“God whispered, "You endured a lot. For that I am truly sorry, but grateful. I needed you to struggle to help so many. Through that process you would grow into who you have now become. Didn't you know that I gave all my struggles to my favorite children? One only needs to look at the struggles given to your older brother Jesus to know how important you have been to me.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“He leaned her back against the tub, setting her head on the edge, then washed her shoulders.
"I know I left you once."
She opened her mouth, wanting to say it didn't matter, it was forgotten. But it wasn't.
"I know I hurt you."
Again, she wanted to argue. But she couldn't.
"I know I said I won't leave you again, but I also know that's not enough, and that the only way you're going to trust that I won't leave is if I don't".
He slid the cloth over her arms.
"If this ends, Hope, it won't be me that ends it. I think you know that.”
― Kelley Armstrong, Living with the Dead

“Right now, we're living in an ugly chapter of our lives, but books always get better!”
― Chris Colfer, The Wishing Spell

“Hang in there. It is astonishing how short a time it can take for very wonderful things to happen.”
― Frances Hodgson Burnett

“Hope in the shadow of fear is the world's most powerful motivator.”
― Neal Shusterman, Scythe

“Hope and Memory have one daughter and her name is Art, and she has built her dwelling far from the desperate field where men hang out their garments upon forked boughs to be banners of battle. O beloved daughter of Hope and Memory, be with me for a while.”
― William Butler Yeats

“The difference between hope and despair is a different way of telling stories from the same facts.”
― Alain de Botton

“Don't die on me," she ordered. "You are not dying on me."
"Yes, ma'am." He felt light-headed, but she was about the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. Her hair was smoldering. Her face was smudged with soot. She had a cut on her arm, her dress was torn, and she was missing a boot. Beautiful.”
― Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero

“Look,” he said, “the point is there’s no way to be a hundred percent sure about anyone or anything. So you’re left with a choice. Either hope for the best, or just expect the worst.”
If you expect the worst, you’re never disappointed,” I pointed out.
Yeah, but who lives like that?”
― Sarah Dessen

“Therefore, since we are receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, let us be thankful, and so worship God acceptably with reverence and awe, for our God is a consuming fire.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“We look into each other's eyes as we shake. His are still full of death and horror, but in them I see my face reflected, and inside my tiny eyes inside his, I think I see some hope.”
― Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story

“I am hope.”
― Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes

“It does not count if you believe in yourself when it’s easy to believe in yourself. It does not count if you believe the world can be a better place when the future looks bright. It does not count if you think you’re going to make it when the finish line is right in front of you. It counts when it’s hard to believe in yourself, when it looks like the world’s going to end and you’ve still got a long way to go.
That’s when it counts. That’s when it matters the most.”
― pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You

“If the whole world is evil, then the tragedy that befell you is justified," she went on. "That would make it easier for you to accept the deaths of your wife and daughters. But if good people do exist, then, however much you deny it, your life will be unbearable; because fate set a trap for you, and you know you didn't deserve it. It isn't the light you want to recover, it's the certainty that there is only darkness.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym

“To have faith is to be sure of the things we hope for, to be certain of the things we cannot see.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“The gifts of the Master are these: freedom, life, hope, new direction, transformation, and intimacy with God. If the cross was the end of the story, we would have no hope. But the cross isn't the end. Jesus didn't escape from death; he conquered it and opened the way to heaven for all who will dare to believe. The truth of this moment, if we let it sweep over us, is stunning. It means Jesus really is who he claimed to be, we are really as lost as he said we are, and he really is the only way for us to intimately and spiritually connect with God again.”
― Steven James, Story

“There had to be dark and muddy waters so that the sun could have something to background it's flashing glory.”
― Betty Smith

“Some day soon," Lance said, "you'll walk out of here and have to decide how you're going to live the rest of your lives. Will you be defined by what other people see, or by the essence of your soul?”
― Andrew Davidson

“அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை அச்சமென்ப தில்லையே
இச்சகத்து ளொரெலாம் எதிர்த்து நின்ற போதிலும்,
அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை அச்சமென்பதில்லையே
துச்சமாக எண்ணி நம்மைத் தூறு செய்த போதினும்,
அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை அச்சமென்பதில்லையே
பிச்சை வாங்கி உண்ணும் வாழ்க்கை பெற்று விட்ட போதிலும்,
அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை அச்சமென்ப தில்லையே
இச்சை கொண்ட பொருளெலாம் இழந்த விட்ட போதிலும்,

அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை அச்சமென்பதில்லையே.
கச்சணிந்த கொங்கை மாதர் கண்கள் வீசு போதினும்,
அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை அச்சமென்பதில்லையே.
நச்சை வாயி லேகொணர்ந்து நண்ப ரூட்டு போதினும்,
அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை அச்சமென்பதில்லையே.
பச்சையூ னியைந்த வேற் படைகள் வந்த போதிலும்,
அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை அச்சமென்பதில்லையே.
உச்சிமீது வானிடிந்து வீழுகின்ற போதினும்,
அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை அச்சமென்பதில்லையே.”
― Subramanya bharathi, mahakavi barathiyar kavithaikal

“Be Sure To Notice When You're Happy”
― Brenda Farrar-Ejemai

“We are alive. We are human, with good and bad in us. That's all we know for sure. We can't create a new species or a new world. That's been done. Now we have to live within those boundaries . What are our choices? We can despair and curse, and change nothing. We can choose evil like our enemies have done and create a world based on hate. Or we can try to make things better.”
― Carol Matas, Daniel's Story

“If it were not for hopes, the heart would break.”
― thomas fuller

“Jayden laughed grimly. 'Press the attack and hope for the best.'
'Hope is not a strategy,' said Kira
'It's not plan A,' said Jayden, 'and it shouldn't be plan B, but it is every plan C that has ever been made.”
― Dan Wells, Partials

“My grandpa had a saying before he died: You can hope in one hand, shit in the other, and see which is filled first.”
― Chris Colfer, Struck By Lightning: The Carson Phillips Journal

“One thing I've learnt through writing is this: with everything in life, you have to look down deep into your heart! That fact is true with all things! If you have Jesus inside, He will give you all you need to say, and all the actions you need to do! It's not mere imagination the things I write; they are composed from the words lit up inside of me, from my Creator, who made all things bright!”
― Mary Kate

“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.”
~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“A Brief for the Defense

Sorrow everywhere. Slaughter everywhere. If babies
are not starving someplace, they are starving
somewhere else. With flies in their nostrils.
But we enjoy our lives because that's what God wants.
Otherwise the mornings before summer dawn would not
be made so fine. The Bengal tiger would not
be fashioned so miraculously well. The poor women
at the fountain are laughing together between
the suffering they have known and the awfulness
in their future, smiling and laughing while somebody
in the village is very sick. There is laughter
every day in the terrible streets of Calcutta,
and the women laugh in the cages of Bombay.
If we deny our happiness, resist our satisfaction,
we lessen the importance of their deprivation.
We must risk delight. We can do without pleasure,
but not delight. Not enjoyment. We must have
the stubbornness to accept our gladness in the ruthless
furnace of this world. To make injustice the only
measure of our attention is to praise the Devil.
If the locomotive of the Lord runs us down,
we should give thanks that the end had magnitude.
We must admit there will be music despite everything.
We stand at the prow again of a small ship
anchored late at night in the tiny port
looking over to the sleeping island: the waterfront
is three shuttered cafés and one naked light burning.
To hear the faint sound of oars in the silence as a rowboat
comes slowly out and then goes back is truly worth
all the years of sorrow that are to come.”
― Jack Gilbert, Refusing Heaven

“There is nothing new under the sun, but there are new suns.”
― Octavia E. Butler

“When by my solitary hearth I sit,
When no fair dreams before my “mind’s eye” flit,
And the bare heath of life presents no bloom;
Sweet Hope, ethereal balm upon me shed,
And wave thy silver pinions o’er my head.”
― John Keats, The Complete Poems

“Trump’s America is not America: not today’s or tomorrow’s, but yesterday’s.

Trump’s America is brutal, perverse, regressive, insular and afraid. There is no hope in it; there is no light in it. It is a vast expanse of darkness and desolation.

And that is a vision of America that most of the people in this country cannot and will not abide.”
― Charles M. Blow

“The problem with hope, Anne finds through the years, is that it gets your hopes up. But hopelessness is worse.”
― Kelly Braffet, Last Seen Leaving

“Who you are is not determined by what you wear, the money in your wallet, nor how you look. Who you are is simply determined by who or what you follow. If you follow money you will only seek after such, giving your all for it. If you seek after what they call, 'fun,' your life will be aimed towards finding a way to fame, or a new way to party. If you follow the Lord Jesus your life will be given to Him, and the hopes and dreams you have will be in pleasing Him!! Everyone follows someone or something. Who will it be? Choose wisely- you are important!!”
― Mary Kate

“Every moment has its pleasures and its hope.”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“Courage will now be your best defence against the storm that is at hand-—that and such hope as I bring.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want.”
― Patrick Swayze

“And isn't the whole world yours? For how often you set it on fire with your love and saw it blaze and burn up and secretly replaced it with another world while everyone slept. You felt in such complete harmony with God, when every morning you asked him for a new earth, so that all the ones he had made could have their turn. You thought it would be shabby to save them and repair them; you used them up and held out your hands, again and again, for more world. For your love was equal to everything.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge

“I have come," said a deep voice behind them. They turned and saw the Lion himself, so bright and real and strong that everything else began at once to look pale and shadowy compared with him.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair

“You call it hope — that fire of fire!
It is but agony of desire.”
― Edgar Allan Poe, Edgar Allan Poe: Selected Poems

“Look: the trees exist; the houses
we dwell in stand there stalwartly.
Only we
pass by it all, like a rush of air.
And everything conspires to keep quiet
about us,
half out of shame perhaps, half out of
some secret hope.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies

“Everybody’s damaged. It’s just a question of how badly, and whether you’re healing or still bleeding.”
― Angela N. Blount, Once Upon a Road Trip

“Aura, I'm really patient, but I'm not a bloody saint.”
― Jeri Smith-Ready, Shade

“Carry the fire.”
― Cormac McCarthy, The Road

“[Iris] squeezed his hand. "Don't lose hope, Frank. Rainbows always stand for hope.”
― Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune

“I always thought old age would be a writer’s best chance. Whenever I read the late work of Goethe or W. B. Yeats I had the impertinence to identify with it. Now, my memory’s gone, all the old fluency’s disappeared. I don’t write a single sentence without saying to myself, ‘It’s a lie!’ So I know I was right. It’s the best chance I’ve ever had.”
― Samuel Beckett

“There are three lessons I would write-
Three words, as with a burning pen,
In tracings of eternal light,
Upon the heart of men.

Have hope! though clouds environ round,
And gladness hides her face in scorn,
Put thou the shadow from thy brow,
No night but hath its morn.

Have love! not love alone for one,
But man as man thy brother call,
And scatter like the circling sun,
Thy charities on all.”
― Friedrich Von Schiller

“I made up my mind right then what I really wanted in my life. It was comfort of a home and a family. But more than that, I wanted love. I wanted love to surround me. I wanted to swim in it. I wanted to hold it in my hand like heated sand and pour it through my fingers so it covered my feet. I wanted to taste it, I wanted to smell it. I wanted to wrap myself up in it like a blanket and stay safe and warm inside of it forever. And I wanted to give it. I wanted to drown people in it. I wanted to love with all my heart and be loved just as much in return.”
― Melodie Ramone, After Forever Ends

“Only those who still have hope can benefit from tears.”
― Nathanael West, The Day of the Locust

“In joined hands there is still some token of hope, in the clinched fist none.”
― Victor Hugo, The Toilers of the Sea

“When you start to feel like things should have been better this year, remember the mountains and valleys that got you here. They are not accidents, and those moments weren't in vain. You are not the same. You have grown and you are growing. You are breathing, you are living, you are wrapped in endless, boundless grace. And things will get better. There is more to you than yesterday.”
― Morgan Harper Nichols

“That which causes us trials shall yield us triumph: and that which make our hearts ache shall fill us with gladness. The only true happiness is to learn, to advance, and to improve: which could not happen unless we had commenced with error, ignorance, and imperfection. We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light.”
― Albert Pike

“I remember being scared that something must, surely, go wrong, if we were this happy, her and me, in the early days, when our love was settling into the shape of our lives like cake mixture reaching the corners of the tin as it swells and bakes.”
― Max Porter, Grief is the Thing with Feathers

“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Go make your mark on the world. Be a world changer! Live bold for Christ no matter the cost.”
― Crystal Woodman Miller

“And sometimes, just sometimes,
out of every hundred; you are shinning
on the inside. Sometimes
sometimes, on the same day,
universe decides to reflect you on the
outside, it decides to shine too ,So
you put a smile on your face, take a
walk and watch it sharing your
happiness, sharing your light ,breath
it all in, take your boost and let the
world lift you up till you actually
believe that it has your back ,take the
gift and take your credit, even if it's
not your wings, cause this universe
only reflects back, it gifts back, it's
fair but it isn't an initiator. And
maybe, just maybe if you believe in it,
it will believe in you too, maybe then
when it's raining on you, when it's too
dark, when rock bottom gives you a
concussion, you will look up with
faith, and out of all the things
showering on your head, you will find
your favorite one, you will be gifted
with stars,
ones that can reflect on your inside,
ones that can light you up back”
― Mennah al refaey

“I am not a day dreamer, I am a believer, that after every painful love I have gone through, it is just an experience to crack open the deepest parts of my core and allow to me to delve into a passion so rare, that I will find a love that was almost, never meant to be.”
― Nikki Rowe

“He believed in himself, believed in his quixotic ambition, letting the failures of the previous day disappear as each new day dawned. Yesterday was not today. The past did not predict the future if he could learn from his mistakes.”
― Daniel Wallace, The Kings and Queens of Roam

“He hesitated, remembering something Finnikin had said to him on their journey. That somehow, even in the worst of times, the tiniest fragments of good survive. It was the grip in which one held those fragments that counted.”
― Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock

“Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
― Roy Bennett

“It is really wonderful how much resilience there is in human nature. Let any obstructing cause, no matter what, be removed in any way, even by death, and we fly back to first principles of hope and enjoyment.”
― Bram Stoker, Dracula

“Remember, Red, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. I will be hoping that this letter finds you, and finds you well.”
― The Shawshank Redemption

“It's just that, right now, I want to hear you promise me that if we do run out of time and I go mad, like Miranda, it ends with me. The curse ends here, because our baby will be safe. You will make that happen. Isn't that so?"
It took him a minute. "Yes," he said finnally. "It's so. Although, if we're just going to talk about the baby, I can think of an easier way to save her."
Oh? What?"
I'd just lock her up from her sixteenth birthday on."
Lucy didn't laugh. "Don't think I haven't thought of that too, love. but here's the thing. That parents try that in all the fairy tales. It never works.”
― Nancy Werlin, Impossible

“I don't believe we shall ever again have any form of society in which men will be free. One should not hope for it. One should not hope for anything. Hope is invented by politicians to keep the electorate happy.”
― Pier Paolo Pasolini, Philippe S&#xE9;clier

“The greatest act of faith some days is to simply get up and face another day.”
― Amy Gatliff

“But what we call our despair is often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope.”
― George Eliot, Middlemarch

“Reason, Observation and Experience — the Holy Trinity of Science — have taught us that happiness is the only good; that the time to be happy is now, and the way to be happy is to make others so. This is enough for us. In this belief we are content to live and die. If by any possibility the existence of a power superior to, and independent of, nature shall be demonstrated, there will then be time enough to kneel. Until then, let us stand erect.”
― Robert Green Ingersoll, On the Gods and Other Essays

“We need never be without hope because we can never be irreparably broken.”
― John Green, Looking for Alaska

“People need stories, child. They bring us hope, and that hope is real. If that's the case, what does it matter whether people in them actually lived?”
― Brandon Sanderson, Skyward

“Time has taught me not to lose hope, yet not to trust too much in hope either.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón

“Should we continue to look upwards? Is the light we can see in the sky one of those which will presently be extinguished? The ideal is terrifying to behold... brilliant but threatened on all sides by the dark forces that surround it: nevertheless, no more in danger than a star in the jaws of the clouds.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“Hope can get you through anything.”
― Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet

“No amount of me trying to explain myself was doing any good. I didn't even know what was going on inside of me, so how could I have explained it to them?”
― Sierra D. Waters, Debbie.

“Hope was an instinct only the reasoning human mind could kill. An animal never knew despair.”
― Graham Greene, The Power and the Glory

“But love, like the sun that it is, sets afire and melts everything. what greed and privilege to build up over whole centuries the indignation of a pious spirit, with its natural following of oppressed souls, will cast down with a single shove.”
― Jose Marti

“Love without hope will not survive.
Love without faith changes nothing.
Love gives power to hope and faith.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“I came to the conclusion that unrealized hopes, even small ones, were always wrenching.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding

“It's lonely to say goodbye. Very lonely. Please. Cry with me. Maybe there's nothing we can do about this. But at least, for now...cry with me. Like your entire body...is screaming at the sky. Like it's raging against the world. I lost something. And I don't have a single guarantee. The fear of living in this world again after that...I have only a shred of hope to sustain me. So I want you at least...to cry. Cry. Cry with me. Like the day you were first born into this world.”
― Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 22

“God dances with the outcast.”
― Steven James, How to Smell Like God: True Stories Burning with the Scent of Heaven

“Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.”
― H. Jackson Brown Jr., Life's Little Instruction Book

“I promise I'll never tell."

"Don't promise that," he said in an ultraserious voice. "If they try to hurt you and the only way to protect yourself is to tell them what you know about me, then you tell them. Straight off, okay?"

"No."

"Promise me."

"No!"

"I will possess your heart."

Heat flared along the back of my neck. "What did you say?"

"My favorite song. 'I Will Possess Your Heart.'"

"By Death Cab for Cutie?"

He snorted. "No, the little known T.I. Hip-hop remix. Yes, Death Cab for Cutie."

... "Why? What's wrong with it?"

"Nothing, but it doesn't seem to fit you. It's kind of a sad song."

"No it's pure confident. It's not 'I want' or 'I need', none of that crap." He slipped his hand over mine. "It's 'I will.'"

A nervous laugh bubbled up. "You will, huh?"

His fingers brushed my cheek, then slid into my hair. "I will.”
― Jeri Smith-Ready, Shade

“Hope," Frank grumbled. "I'd rather have a few good weasels.”
― Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune

“My days I devote to reading and experiments in chemistry, and I spend many of the clear nights in the study of astronomy. There is, though I do not know how there is or why there is, a sense of infinite peace and protection in the glittering hosts of heaven. There it must be, I think, in the vast and eternal laws of matter, and not in the daily cares and sins and troubles of men, that whatever is more than animal within us must find its solace and its hope.”
― H.G. Wells, The Island of Doctor Moreau

“It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.”
― Robert H. Goddard

“Being a cheerful hobbit, he had not needed hope, as long as despair could be postponed.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

“Your guardian angel never, ever stops communicating with you.
I feel that at times they should be frustrated with us but they seem to have endless patience and they never ever give up on us. ”
― Lorna Byrne, Angels In My Hair

“Let there be room left in your heart for the unimaginable ~ serendipity has a way of showing itself just when you feel like giving up.”
― Nikki Rowe

“A great battle is a terrible thing," the old knight said, "but in the midst of blood and carnage, there is sometimes also beauty, beauty that could break your heart.”
― George R.R. Martin, A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms

“Your hope is the most beautiful and the saddest in the world.”
― Naomi Benaron, Running the Rift

“Not all boats which sail into darkness never find the sun again, or the hand of another child; if life teaches anything at all, it teaches that there are so many happy endings that man who believes there is no God needs his rationality called into serious question.”
― Stephen King, It

“I mean, after all, you have to consider we're only made out of dust. That's admittedly not much to go on and we shouldn't forget that. But even considering, I mean it's sort of a bad beginning, we're not doing too bad. So I personally have faith that even in this lousy situation we're faced with we can make it. You get me?”
― Philip K. Dick, The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch

“We are mosaics - pieces of light, love, history, stars -- glued together with magic and music and words.”
― Anita Krishan

“Tomorrow, you promise yourself, things will be different, yet, tomorrow is too often a repetition of today. And you disappoint yourself again and again.”
― James T. McCay

“I have hope for you, if only because you're the only one left to hope for.”
― Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game

“For so many years, I couldn’t understand why every time I thought that someone finally loved me, like… for real, they would eventually turn to vapor. Every person whom I’ve ever loved is trapped inside of my chest. I’ve breathed all of them in so deeply that I’ve nearly choked and died on every soul that I’ve ever given myself to.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“In an age of hope men looked up at the night sky and saw “the heavens." In an age of hopelessness they call it simply “space.”
― Peter Kreeft

“As long as there's life, there's hope.”
― Tamora Pierce

“No man, proclaimed Donne, is an Island, and he was wrong. If we were not islands, we would be lost, drowned in each other's tragedies. We are insulated (a word that means, literally, remember, made into an island) from the tragedy of others, by our island nature, and by the repetitive shape and form of the stories. The shape does not change: there was a human being who was born, lived, and then, by some means or another, died. There. You may fill in the details from your own experience. As unoriginal as any other tale, as unique as any other life. Lives are snowflakes—forming patterns we have seen before, as like one another as peas in a pod (and have you ever looked at peas in a pod? I mean, really looked at them? There's not a chance you'd mistake one for another, after a minute's close inspection), but still unique.”
― Neil Gaiman, American Gods

“For what it's worth: it's never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you're proud of, and if you find you're not, I hope you have the strength to start over again.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald

“We truly believed in something back then, and we knew we were the kind of people capable of believing in something - with all our hearts. And that kind of hope will never simply vanish.”
― Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage

“Love is only one fine star away.”
― Stevie Nicks

“Failure is a greater teacher than success”
― Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype

“Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think. So start each day by thinking of all the things you have to be thankful for. Your future will depend very largely on the thoughts you think today. So think thoughts of hope and confidence and love and success.”
― Dale Carnegie

“There is hope in forgiveness”
― John Piper, A Sweet and Bitter Providence: Sex, Race, and the Sovereignty of God

“Instead of being encouraged to feel completely protected, loved, honored, and respected by the Divine Force, you've been taught that you're being judged. Because you've been taught that, you feel guilt and fear. But guilt and fear do not open you connection to the Divine; they only serve to close your heart. The reality is that God's way is love, and you can see this for yourself.”
― Michael A. Singer, The Untethered Soul: The Journey Beyond Yourself

“Anything seems possible at night when the rest of the world has gone to sleep.”
― David Almond, My Name Is Mina

“Man can live about forty days without food, about three days without water, about eight minutes without air...but only for one second without hope.”
― Hal Lindsey

“True hope is swift, and flies with swallow's wings.”
― William Shakespeare

“And as I watched him, I knew that in every dark night there was, somewhere, a small light burning that could never be quenched.”
― Juliet Marillier, Son of the Shadows

“I'm really hoping he’s being genuine because I can already tell he isn't the kind of guy a girl gets a simple crush on. He’s the kind of guy you fall hard for, and the thought of that terrifies me. I don’t really want to fall hard for anyone at all, especially someone who’s only making an effort because he thinks I'm easy. I also don’t want to fall for someone who has already branded himself hopeless. But I'm curious. So curious.”
― Colleen Hoover, Hopeless

“A man is nothing without dreams. A man is called idiot while he dreams. Whatever he does, he'll be judged and thrown away from the circle of clowns. And yet he needs acceptance and security from sick society, which is discriminatory far too often. But a man is blinded by other people opinions. He wants to fly and they say, “You moron, you can't do that, it's forbidden, it's stupid.” And a man gives up on his dreams.”
― Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon

“Can I join you at lunch?"
She paused. "You have every other day."
He laughed, a sound as musical as the chiming song of the lupine fey when they ran. "Yes. But you resented it every other day."
"What makes you think I won't resent it today?"
"Hope. It's what I live on...”
― Melissa Marr, Wicked Lovely

“One of the gravestones in the cemetery near the earliest church has an anchor on it and an hourglass, and the words In Hope.

In Hope. Why did they put that above a dead person? Was it the corpse hoping, or those still alive?”
― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale

“I was in love with everything- I wanted to look with love at the angry people so that their eyes would be forced to respond; and I wanted to bring gifts to the envious and tell them that I am worthless.”
― Egon Schiele

“When we cannot share our values any longer and our incipient intentions have become blurry, common understanding may turn into irredeemable misunderstanding. If the spirit of common perspectives and commitments has irreversibly been broken, we might patently drift down into suspicion, remorse or regret. As such, shared initiatives ought to be reasoned and well thought-out to avoid ‘understanding’ becoming ‘misunderstanding’ and ‘hope’ breaking down into ‘heartbreak’. ("The unbreakable code " )”
― Erik Pevernagie

“Fear is strange. It settles on chests and seeps through skin, through layers of tissue, muscle, and bone and collects in a soul-sized black hole, sucking the joy out of life, the pleasure, the beauty. But not the hope. Somehow, the hope is the only thing resistant to the fear, and it is that hope that makes the next breath possible, the next step, the next tiny act of rebellion, even if that rebellion is simply staying alive.”
― Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash

“Fair as the moon and joyful as the light;
Tot wan with waiting, not with sorrow dim; Not as she is, but was when hope shone bright;
Not as she is, but as she fills his dreams.”
― Christina Rossetti

“لا تستهين بنفسك ، حتى لو كنت قطرة ، محاولاتك المستمرة .. بصبر
تستطيع أن تفتت الصخر”
― hany adieb هاني أديب

“Self discovery is the most empowering time of your life, you remember who you are and you become the best version of yourself but what they forget to tell you is, to get to a point of pleasure you must face the pain.”
― Nikki Rowe

“Emma laughed darkly. "It's a completely mad idea, I know. But my brain is a hope-making engine."
"I'm so glad," I said. "Mine is a worst-case-scenario generator."
"We need each other, then."
"Yes. But we already knew that, I think.”
― Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls

“I show my scars so that others know they can heal.”
― Rhachelle Nicol', Sunday Mourning

“At such moments the collapse of their courage, willpower, and endurance was so abrupt that they felt they could never drag themselves out of the pit of despond into which they had fallen. Therefore they forced themselves never to think about the problematic day of escape, to cease looking to the future, and always to keep, so to speak, their eyes fixed on the ground at their feet. But, naturally enough, this prudence, this habit of feinting with their predicament and refusing to put up a fight, was ill rewarded. For, while averting that revulsion which they found so unbearable, they also deprived themselves of those redeeming moments, frequent enough when all is told, when by conjuring up pictures of a reunion to be, they could forget about the plague. Thus, in a middle course between these heights and depths, they drifted through life rather than lived, the prey of aimless days and sterile memories, like wandering shadows that could have acquired substance only by consenting to root themselves in the solid earth of their distress.”
― Camus Albert, The Plague

“With the need for the self in the time of another / I left my seaport grim and dear / knowing good work could be made / in the state governed by both Hope and Despair.”
― Roman Payne

“Stink bugs are temporary.

Love is forever.”
― Jill Twiss, A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo

“I plead with you--never, ever give up on hope, never doubt, never tire, and never become discouraged. Be not afraid.”
― Pope John Paul II, Pope John Paul II: In My Own Words

“What hurts so bad about youth isn't the actual butt whippings the world delivers. It's the stupid hopes playacting like certainties.”
― Mary Karr, Lit

“You make the rest of the beautiful things in the world cry for even trying at all. You make it hard for me to breathe.”
― Debra Anastasia, Poughkeepsie

“All cannot be lost when there is still so much being found”
― Lemony Snicket

“I find peace when I'm confused, I find hope when I'm let down, not in me but in you.”
― Switchfoot

“God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right, even though I think it is hopeless.”
― Chester Nimitz

“Hope is not a lottery ticket you can sit on the sofa and clutch, feeling lucky. It is an axe you break down doors with in an emergency. Hope should shove you out the door, because it will take everything you have to steer the future away from endless war, from the annihilation of the earth's treasures and the grinding down of the poor and marginal... To hope is to give yourself to the future - and that commitment to the future is what makes the present inhabitable.”
― Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark

“She needed the chaos within her in order to discover the extraordinary no man could ever reach.”
― robert m drake

“And now let us believe in a long year that is given to us, new, untouched, full of things that have never been, full of work that has never been done, full of tasks, claims, and demands; and let us see that we learn to take it without letting fall too much of what it has to bestow upon those who demand of it necessary, serious, and great things.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters of Rainer Maria Rilke, 1892-1910

“And when all your faith is gone let it be me, if it's a friend you need let it be me”
― Ray Lamontagne

“You'll be okay. No matter what shape reality takes, you can handle it.”
― Shiro Amano, Kingdom Hearts, Vol. 1

“Hope,... which whispered from Pandora's box after all the other plagues and sorrows had escaped, is the best and last of all things. Without it, there is only time. And time pushes at our backs like a centrifuge, forcing outward and away, until it nudges us into oblivion... It's a law of motion, a fact of physics..., no different from the stages of white dwarves and red giants. Like all things in the universe, we are destined from birth to diverge. Time is simply the yardstick of our separation. If we are particles in a sea of distance, exploded from an original whole, then there is a science to our solitude. We are lonely in proportion to our years.”
― Ian Caldwell, The Rule of Four

“My belief is that if we live another century or so — I am talking of the common life which is the real life and not of the little separate lives which we live as individuals — and have five hundred a year each of us and rooms of our own; if we have the habit of freedom and the courage to write exactly what we think; if we escape a little from the common sitting-room and see human beings not always in their relation to each other but in relation to reality; and the sky, too, and the trees or whatever it may be in themselves; if we look past Milton's bogey, for no human being should shut out the view; if we face the fact, for it is a fact, that there is no arm to cling to, but that we go alone and that our relation is to the world of reality and not only to the world of men and women, then the opportunity will come and the dead poet who was Shakespeare's sister will put on the body which she has so often laid down.”
― Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own

“No one knows for sure that that tomorrow won't come,
but most people assume that tomorrow will still exist as usual.
This is Toba's Paradox, which means, hope overcomes doubt.”
― Toba Beta

“I wonder how you're supposed to know the exact moment when there's no more hope.”
― Sara Zarr, Once Was Lost

“We can be friends. We can be anything we want to be.”
― Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog

“I want to reconcile the violence in your heart.
I want to recognize your beauty's not just a mask.
I want to exorcise the demons from your past.
I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart.”
― Matthew Bellamy

“Behind the veil of each night, there is a smiling dawn.”
― Khalil Gibran

“I have spoken words of hope. But only of hope. Hope is not victory.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

“God, there must be a meaning. Fiercely he was certain that there must be a meaning.
Surely, while we live we are not lost.
Oh Janos, Janos my brother!
Surely we are not lost--while we live.”
― John Hepworth

“The restless spirit never loses its wings. If sometimes it cannot fly, it is because during those moments the sky vanishes.”
― R.N. Prasher

“That was their way, their heathenish hope; deep in their hearts they remembered hell.”
― Seamus Heaney, Beowulf

“I'm beginning to think that to hope isn't the same as to expect something. To hope is to believe that life is an acceptable chaos.”
― Goenawan Mohamad, Pagi dan Hal-Hal yang Dipungut Kembali

“Become your own soulmate. Then you'll always have someone watching your back, and you'll always have someone who loves you.”
― Rebecca O'Donnell, Freak: The True Story of an Insecurity Addict

“Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.”
― Debasish Mridha

“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.”
~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
― Aaron Lauritsen

“So odd a pair, she and he. A duet in code and electron. Age and youth and cynicism and hope.

He is quicker than her - more learned by far. But she. She is unafraid. Too young to know failure and the fear it brings. She takes him places he would not have explored by himself.

She is catalyst. She is chaos. I can see why he loves her.”
― Jay Kristoff, Illuminae

“Why does a human body become deceased?
The reason is that as long as the human body is not free from suffering, mind cannot be happy.
If a man lacks enthusiasm, either his body or mind is in a deceased condition....

Now what saps the enthusiasm in man?
If there is no enthusiasm, life becomes drudgery - a mere burden to be dragged. Nothing can be achieved if there is no enthusiasm.
The main reason for this lack of enthusiasm on the part of a man is that an individual looses the hope of getting an opportunity to elevate himself.
Hopelessness leads to lack of enthusiasm.
The mind in such cases becomes deceased....

When is enthusiasm created?
When one breaths an atmosphere where one is sure of getting the legitimate reward for one's labor, only then one feels enriched by enthusiasm and inspiration.”
― Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual

“Sierra felt full of hope and confidence in God. She knew who she was. And she knew Whose she was.

Whatever mysterious plan God had for her life, it would be an interesting one. As Christy had said earlier, God writes a different story for each person. Sierra decided hers might not be a bestseller or even a thriller. It certainly wasn't a romance. But it was turning into a fine mystery. And she could live with that.”
― Robin Jones Gunn, Sierra Jensen Collection, Vol. 2

“You can tell people of the need to struggle, but when the powerless start to see that they really can make a difference, nothing can quench the fire.”
― Leymah Gbowee, Mighty Be Our Powers: How Sisterhood, Prayer, and Sex Changed a Nation at War

“People who are too optimistic seem annoying. This is an unfortunate misinterpretation of what an optimist really is.

An optimist is neither naive, nor blind to the facts, nor in denial of grim reality. An optimist believes in the optimal usage of all options available, no matter how limited. As such, an optimist always sees the big picture. How else to keep track of all that’s out there? An optimist is simply a proactive realist.

An idealist focuses only on the best aspects of all things (sometimes in detriment to reality); an optimist strives to find an effective solution. A pessimist sees limited or no choices in dark times; an optimist makes choices.

When bobbing for apples, an idealist endlessly reaches for the best apple, a pessimist settles for the first one within reach, while an optimist drains the barrel, fishes out all the apples and makes pie.

Annoying? Yes. But, oh-so tasty!”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“Una Salus Victis Nullam Sperare Salutem - (Latin - written 19 BC)
The only hope for the doomed, is no hope at all...”
― Virgil, The Aeneid

“Its dark and I’m reading my scars because our moments remind me of where I should be.”
― robert m drake

“Unity is a great thing and a great slogan. But what the workers’ cause needs is the unity of Marxists, not unity between Marxists, and opponents and distorters of Marxism.”
― Vladimir Lenin

“If you lose all hope, you can always find it again.”
― Richard Ford, The Sportswriter

“Life isn't just about darkness or light, rather it's about finding light within the darkness.”
― Landon Parham, First Night of Summer

“When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.”
― Chris Bradford, The Way of the Dragon

“Many people seem to think it foolish, even superstitious, to believe that the world could still change for the better. And it is true that in winter it is sometimes so bitingly cold that one is tempted to say, ‘What do I care if there is a summer; its warmth is no help to me now.’ Yes, evil often seems to surpass good. But then, in spite of us, and without our permission, there comes at last an end to the bitter frosts. One morning the wind turns, and there is a thaw. And so I must still have hope.”
― Vincent van Gogh

“Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; unbelief, in denying them.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“If you hit bottom, there's a whole lot of people here to help you up”
― Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw

“The cruelest thing you can do to a person who's living in panic is to offer him or her hope that turns out false. When the crash comes its intolerable.”
― Robert Ludlum, The Bourne Supremacy

“Men and women are not limited by the place of their birth, not by color of their skin, but by the size of their hope.”
― John Johnson

“Ask and it shall be given you,'" I began. "'Seek and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you; For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.' We have the same message in the Book of Saint John," I said, sounding for all the world like a preacher...."
Well, but how could I just stop there? Those words were worse than nothing if I didn't tell what they meant to Grandpa. Looking at the long rough box, I spoke timid, in a mumbled voice. Not preachified at all. "Grandpa didn't think Jesus meant, by that, that we should ast God for things, or for special favors. He said we could trust that in the nature of things, without astin', we'll get lots of blessin's and happy surprises and maybe a miracle or two. When Jesus said ast and you'll get it, He meant things of the spirit, not the flesh. Right now for instance, I could ast, 'Lord please raise Grandpa from the dead,' but it wouldn't happen. But I can say, 'Please, God, comfort me,' and I'll get heart's ease. Grandpa said Jesus meant us to ast for hope, forgiveness, and all that. Ast, 'Hep us not be scared, hep us not be greedy, give us courage to try." I was really carried away. "Ast any such and God will give it to you. But don't ast Him not to let fire burn, or say spare me from death. At least, uh, that's what Grandpa said.”
― Olive Ann Burns, Cold Sassy Tree

“The nature of the enemy's warfare in your life is to cause you to become discouraged and to cast away your confidence. Not that you would necessarily discard your salvation, but you could give up your hope of God's deliverance. The enemy wants to numb you into a coping kind of Christianity that has given up hope of seeing God's resurrection power.”
― Bob Sorge, Glory: When Heaven Invades Earth

“In some not too distant tomorrow the radiant stars of love and brotherhood will shine over our great nation with all their scintillating beauty. ”
― Martin Luther King Jr., The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr.

“Behind us, the man laughed. "Looks like we aren't the only ones looking for a little diversion. There's an empty office right over there, guys."
Marsten raised his hand in thanks. The couple moved on. I let the kiss continue for five more seconds, then pulled away.
"They're gone," I said.
Marsten frowned, as if surprised-and disappointed-that I'd noticed. I tugged my hair from his hands.
"Okay, coast clear," I said. "Let's go."
He let out a small laugh. "I see I need to brush up on my kissing."
"No, you have that down pat."
"She says with all the excitement of a teacher grading a math quiz..."
"A-plus. Now let's move. Before someone else comes along.”
― Kelley Armstrong, Chaotic

“To hope under the most extreme circumstances is an act of defiance that permits a person to live his life on his own terms. It is part of the human spirit to endure and give a miracle a chance to happen.”
― Jerome Groopman, MD

“We know the battle ahead will be long, but always remember that no matter what obstacles stand in our way, nothing can stand in the way of the power of millions of voices calling for change.

We have been told we cannot do this by a chorus of cynics...they will only grow louder and more dissonant ........... We've been asked to pause for a reality check. We've been warned against offering the people of this nation false hope.

But in the unlikely story that is America, there has never been anything false about hope.”
― Barack Obama

“I am thankful when I am hungry because then I know that when I eat, the food will taste better. Life has taught me that my true contentment rests in hope, and the pleasure itself is secondary. It is self-awareness, not happiness, that maintains peace.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Hope is sweet.
Hope is illumining.
Hope is fulfilling.
Hope can be everlasting.
Therefore, do not give up hope,
Even in the sunset of your life.”
― Sri Chinmoy, My Life's Soul-Journey: Daily Meditations for Ever-Increasing Spiritual Fulfillment

“Life isn't all grand, but it isn't all miserable either.  There's both sweet and sour in every day.  So why focus on the ugly when you can gaze at what's beautiful?  Concentrate on the good.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“Phaedra keeps saying she's being selfish. That she hates herself for it, but she does it anyway. She can't deny herself what she wants, even if it brings about her downfall and his." "And have you learned anything from our literary parallel?" "Not really, I keep thinking that she would do it all over again if there were a chance...a chance that it could go right. Even if 99 times out of a 100 the story ends badly, it's worth it if only once she gets a happy ending.”
― Cora Carmack, Losing It

“Hope is the greatest madness. What can we expect of a world that we enter with the assurance of seeing our fathers and mothers die? A world where, if two beings love each other and give their lives to each other, both can be sure that one will watch the other perish?”
― Alfred de Vigny, Stello

“And I sometimes think that a moment of touching is the difference between complete utter despair and the ability to carry on.”
― Eleanor Cameron, The Court of the Stone Children

“I like the immaterial world. I like to live among thoughts and images of the past and the possible, and even of the impossible, now and then.”
― Thomas Love Peacock, Gryll Grange

“with man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible” (Matthew 19:26").”
― Michele Woolley, God's Favor - Breath Of Heaven

“So dry your tears. Fortune has not yet turned her hatred against all your blessings. The storm has not yet broken upon you with too much violence. Your anchors are holding firm and they permit you both comfort in the present, and hope in the future.”
― Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy

“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
― Germany Kent

“هناك أمل دائماً لمن يحارب.. أما من يستسلم فلا أمل له”
― مصطفى محمود, الزعيم

“She knew then that white was more than a color: It was a cold, pale shade of understanding that seems to take all of your hope away.”
― Vannetta Chapman, A Perfect Square

“I know how you feel because I’ve been there too. I’ve hated and I’ve loved. I’ve seen my demons root and crawl and my angels branch and soar. I've died within myself and lived a thousand different lives. I too fight the same war and I too am drowning in the puddles of self-consciousness this world created.”
― robert m drake

“Always it’s Spring)and everyone’s in love and flowers pick themselves.”
― E.E. Cummings, 100 Selected Poems

“hope for the best, prepare for the worst”
― Chris Bradford, The Ring of Earth

“Beware how you take away hope from another human being”
― Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.

“CONCERNED BUT NOT CONSUMED!”
― Ron Sanders

“Hope attracts chances.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“The Voyager

We are all lonely voyagers sailing on life's ebb tide,
To a far off place were all stripling warriors have died,
Sometime at eve when the tide is low,
The voices call us back to the rippling water's flow,
Even though our boat sailed with love in our hearts,
Neither our dreams or plans would keep heaven far apart,
We drift through the hush of God's twilight pale,
With no response to our friendly hail,
We raise our sails and search for majestic light,
While finding company on this journey to the brighten our night,
Then suddenly he pulls us through the reef's cutting sea,
Back to the place that he asked us to be,
Friendly barges that were anchored so sweetly near,
In silent sorrow they drop their salted tears,
Shall our soul be a feast of kelp and brine,
The wasted tales of wishful time,
Are we a fish on a line lured with bait,
Is life the grind, a heartless fate,
Suddenly, "HUSH", said the wind from afar,
Have you not looked to the heavens and seen the new star,
It danced on the abyss of the evening sky,
The sparkle of heaven shining on high,
Its whisper echoed on the ocean's spray,
From the bow to the mast they heard him say,
"Hope is above, not found in the deep,
I am alive in your memories and dreams when you sleep,
I will greet you at sunset and with the moon's evening smile,
I will light your path home.. every last lonely mile,
My friends, have no fear, my work was done well,
In this life I broke the waves and rode the swell,
I found faith in those that I called my crew,
My love will be the compass that will see you through,
So don't look for me on the ocean's floor to find,
I've never left the weathered docks of your loving mind,
For I am in the moon, the wind and the whale's evening song,
I am the sailor of eternity whose voyage is not gone.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“What can I say about life? Do I praise it for letting you live, or damn it for allowing the rest?”
― Janet Fitch, White Oleander

“Hope means you keep on holding to things that won't ever be so again, and so you bleed an inch at a time until there's nothing left.”
― Seanan McGuire, Every Heart a Doorway

“At the end of the day I went to this place where your memories left footsteps on my skin and the breath of your touch stained my desire. Yea, it was one of those nights where I needed you the most.”
― robert m drake

“Now I'm making a decision. I choose life. I shall live because there are few people I want to stay with for the longest possible time and because I have duties to discharge. It is not my concern whether or not life has meaning. If I am unable to forgive, then I shall try to forget. I shall live by force and cunning."­”
― Tayeb Saleh, Season of Migration to the North

“False hope is a terrible thing, if its the only thing keeping you alive you'll be dead by dawn.”
― Charlie Rae

“His face was tense, his jaw flexed as he stared at her. She could hardly stand to meet his eyes. They were an ocean of betrayal. They probed her, searching for the smallest sign that she didn't mean it. That spark of hope that never seemed to go out.”
― Aprilynne Pike, Spells

“Tous mes anciens amours vont me revenir.'
- All my old loves will be returned to me”
― Carolyn Turgeon, Godmother: The Secret Cinderella Story

“There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality.”
― Jonas Salk

“I don't buy idea of second chance.
With hope we make a lot of chances.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Hope is what makes you look outside the window to see if it's stopped raining. Hope is what makes you believe he'll text you back. Hope is why you buy your jeans a little tight... Hope is why you get out of bed in the morning, and why you dream at night. Hope is what makes us believe that things can only get better. Hope is what keeps us going.”
― Jodi Picoult, Off the Page

“Things doesn't always start out the way we want them to. It's how they end that's important.”
― T.M. Frazier, King

“Stability was overrated. Crises and adventures, on the other hand, could actually teach you something.”
― Sarah Addison Allen

“I love to walk. Walking is a spiritual journey and a reflection of living. Each of us must determine which path to take and how far to walk; we must find our own way, what is right for one may not be for another. There is no single right way to deal with late stage cancer, to live life or approach death, or to walk an old mission trail.”
― Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...

“Now hollow fires burn out to black,
And lights are fluttering low:
Square your shoulders, lift your pack
And leave your friends and go.
O never fear, lads, naught’s to dread,
Look not left nor right:
In all the endless road you tread
There’s nothing but the night.”
― A.E. Housman

“I’ve learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in”
― Bernard Kelvin Clive, Your Dreams Will Not Die

“He will not succeed in this," Taran said. "Somehow, we must find a way to escape. We dare not lose hope."
"I agree absolutely," Fflewddur answered. "Your general idea is excellent; it's only the details that are lacking...”
― Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron

“You will meet many opponents in your time that will come face to face with your flaws, trust the chaos ~ pain & confusion is the pathway to break open and become free.”
― Nikki Rowe

“I have found there to be little distance between the unlatching of a chain and the spreading of a woman’s legs. As if they can never unbar only a single entrance. It’s a disease called hope. Women suffer from it greatly.”
― Karen Marie Moning, The Alpha Alternative: JZB Sex Scene

“We are the intelligent elite among animal life on earth and whatever our mistakes, [Earth] needs us. This may seem an odd statement after all that I have said about the way 20th century humans became almost a planetary disease organism. But it has taken [Earth] 2.5 billion years to evolve an animal that can think and communicate its thoughts. If we become extinct she has little chance of evolving another.”
― James Lovelock, The Vanishing Face of Gaia: A Final Warning

“but a sanguine temper, though for ever expecting more good than occurs, does not always pay for its hopes by any proportionate depression. it soon flies over the present failure, and begins to hope again.”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“True friends don't come with conditions.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“I try to be rational and suppress the hope that this is for real, but hope has a way of closing its eyes to reason and it just keeps growing. ”
― Tammara Webber, Between the Lines

“Your mother sets you up blind dates? With guys like that?" The corners of his mouth twitched. "She doesn't like you very much, does she?”
― Kelley Armstrong, Dates from Hell

“But no matter how much evil I see, I think it’s important for everyone to understand that there is much more light than darkness.”
― Robert Uttaro, To the Survivors: One Man's Journey as a Rape Crisis Counselor with True Stories of Sexual Violence

“I look in the mirror through the eyes of the child that was me.”
― Judy Collins

“...left to ourselves we lapse into a kind of collusion with entrophy, acquiescing in the general belief that things may be getting worse but that there's nothing much we can do about them. And we are wrong. Our task in the present...is to live as resurrection people in between Easter and the final day, with our Christian life, corporate and individual, in both worship and mission, as a sign of the first and a foretaste of the second.”
― N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church

“For every bad thing in life, there are more good things to tip the balance.”
― Richelle Mead, Succubus on Top

“With all honesty, somewhere between the hello and the dreams I saw you in I fell in love.”
― robert m drake

“You can break a man with hope.”
― Kate Morgenroth, Jude

“The fruit of empty hopes is more bitter than the saddest truth.”
― Angel Wagenstein, Isaac's Torah

“She wasn't broken. She was just bent, over the chance of being ignored by the one she loved.”
― robert m drake

“I’ll admit that my garden now grows hope in lavish profusion, leaving little room for anything else. I suppose it has squeezed out more practical plants like caution and common sense. Still, though, hope does not flourish in every garden, and I feel thankful it has taken root in mine.”
― Sharon Kay Penman, The Reckoning

“The Coming of Light

Even this late it happens:
the coming of love, the coming of light.
You wake and the candles are lit as if by themselves,
stars gather, dreams pour into your pillows,
sending up warm bouquets of air.
Even this late the bones of the body shine
and tomorrow’s dust flares into breath.”
― Mark Strand, The Late Hour

“I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.”
― Debasish Mridha

“All things, even the deepest sorrow or the most profound happiness are all temporary. Hope is fuel for the soul, without hope, forward motion ceases.”
― Landon Parham, First Night of Summer

“The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.”
― Ivy Baker Priest

“Faith, hope and charity go together. Hope is practised through the virtue of patience, which continues to do good even in the face of apparent failure, and through the virtue of humility, which accepts God's mystery and trusts him even at times of darkness. Faith tells us that God has given his Son for our sakes and gives us the victorious certainty that it is really true: God is love! It thus transforms our impatience and our doubts into the sure hope that God holds the world in his hands and that, as the dramatic imagery of the end of the Book of Revelation points out, in spite of all darkness he ultimately triumphs in glory. Faith, which sees the love of God revealed in the pierced heart of Jesus on the Cross, gives rise to love. Love is the light—and in the end, the only light—that can always illuminate a world grown dim and give us the courage needed to keep living and working. Love is possible, and we are able to practise it because we are created in the image of God. To experience love and in this way to cause the light of God to enter into the world—this is the invitation I would like to extend with the present Encyclical.”
― Pope Benedict XVI (Joseph Ratzinger), God Is Love: Deus Caritas Est

“A mouth of no distinction but well practiced, before I entered my teens, in irony. For what is irony but the repository of hurt? And what is hurt but the repository of hope?”
― Joyce Carol Oates, Faithless: Tales of Transgression

“New day, new hopes, new life!!”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A loss of any kind is horrible. Not because it takes away, but because it makes you believe- in newspapers, in tomatoes, in empty whiskey bottles.”
― Anosh Irani, The Cripple and His Talismans

“Books are precious things, but more than that, they are the strong backbone of civilization. They are the thread upon which it all hangs, and they can save us when all else is lost.”
― Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man

“Denial. It’s the only thing that keeps most of us from losing our sanity.”
― Heena Rathore P., Deceived

“I believe in hope, in what is something called ”radical hope.” I believe there is hope for all of us, even amid the suffering. And that’s why I write fiction, probaby. It’s my attempt to keep that fragile strand of radical hope, to buld a fire in the darkness.r”
― John Green

“Grace will follow us even when we are going the wrong way”
― Ricky Maye, An Emerging Spirituality

“No one needed to say it, but the room overflowed with that sort of blessing. The combination of loss and abundance. The abundance that has no guilt. The loss that has no fix. The simple tiredness that is not weary. The hope not built on blindness.”
― Aimee Bender, Willful Creatures

“Might. Is there any opiate more powerful than that word?”
― Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty

“hope could betray you—but if you had no hope, life could actually
surprise you in the best of ways.”
― Amy Lane, Keeping Promise Rock

“He never had any real hope in the affair from the beginning;but being a cheerful hobbit he had not needed hope,as long as despair could be postponed.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

“Great hope has no real footing unless one is willing to face into the doom that may also be on the way.
p.207”
― Norman Mailer, The Big Empty: Dialogues on Politics, Sex, God, Boxing, Morality, Myth, Poker & Bad Conscience in America

“Never Give up! Where theres life theres hope!...”
― Will Brenner

“But we believe – nay, Lord we only hope,
That one day we shall thank thee perfectly
For pain and hope and all that led or drove
Us back into the bosom of thy love.”
― George MacDonald, A Hidden Life and Other Poems

“I guess this is a message for those of you who contemplate permanent solutions to temporary problems. You never know what could be coming in the future. There is so much music you've yet to hear.”
― Hannah Hart, Buffering: Unshared Tales of a Life Fully Loaded

“Loss is only temporary when you believe in God!”
― Latoya Alston

“جرب جرب و لا تخف , فالذين صنعوا سفينة نوح كانوا من الهواة أما المحترفون فهم الذين صنعوا تيتانك !”
― إبراهيم الفقي

“Above all shadows rides the Sun
and Stars for ever dwell:
I will not say the Day is done,
nor bid the Stars farewell.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“But hope is no less realistic than despair. It is still our choice whether to live in light or lie down in darkness.”
― Rick Yancey, The Isle of Blood

“Hope will lie to you, but lust is what it is; it never lies.”
― Laurell K. Hamilton, Flirt

“I know too well how dangerous hope can be, how it grows and sometimes dies, taking its host with it. It's more powerful than anything Dr.Fibs keeps in his labs, more precious than all the secrets inside Sublevel Two.”
― Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young

“IT IS BY CHOICE AND NOT BY CHANCES THAT WE CHANGE OUR CIRCUMSTANCES.”
― Nadia Sahari, Breakaway: How I Survived Abuse

“Summertime. It was a song. It was a season. I wondered if that season would ever live inside of me.”
― Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Last Night I Sang to the Monster

“The greatest joys in life are found not only in what we do and feel, but also in our quiet hopes and labors for others.”
― Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason

“Don't put off happiness you can have today. Tomorrow is a hope, not a promise”
― Debra Anastasia

“I think hope is the worst thing in the world. I really do. It makes a fool of you while it lasts. And then when it's gone, it's like there's nothing left of you at all . . . except what you can't be rid of.”
― Marilynne Robinson, Home

“You are only a prisoner when you surrender.”
― Tad Williams, Shadowplay

“How could I live above the water or breathe under it. How could I swim in darkness consumed in an ocean of you? Falling or flying towards you, losing or finding myself in you and beauty was never the word to catch all that you are. For now I know the means of the infinite and it all starts and ends with you.”
― robert m drake

“HELP!”
I race to the square, crossing it, looking all around, listening out-
No.
No.
It’s empty.
Viola’s breathing heavy in my arms .
And Haven is empty.
I reach the middle of the square.
I don’t see nor hear a soul.
I spin around again.
“HELP!” I cry.
But there’s no one.
Haven’s completely empty.
There ain’t hope here after all.”
― Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go

“The stranded, walking a fine line between reality and illusion, constantly weaving through disappointment and hope, despite all, never stop dreaming of empathy and good feeling, while craving for attention and endorsement. ("No monsters hide at this point" )”
― Erik Pevernagie

“What we have at the moment isn't as the old liturgies used to say, 'the sure and certain hope of the resurrection of the dead,' but a vague and fuzzy optimism that somehow things may work out in the end. ”
― N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church

“And hope is like love...a ridiculous, wonderful, powerful thing.”
― Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux

“Failure is just another way to learn how to do something right.”
― Marian Wright Edelman

“Suddenly I remembered that laugh, it told a different story, our story.”
― robert m drake

“And indeed it could be said that once the faintest stirring of hope became possible, the dominion of plague was ended.”
― Albert Camus, The Plague

“There was no hope in death, only an end.”
― Morgan Rhodes, Rebel Spring

“If you are seeking, seek us with joy
For we live in the kingdom of joy.
Do not give your heart to anything else
But to the love of those who are clear joy,
Do not stray into the neighborhood of despair.
For there are hopes: they are real, they exist –
Do not go in the direction of darkness –
I tell you: suns exist.”
― Rumi

“Brooklyn was a dream. All the things that happened there just couldn't happen. It was all dream stuff. Or was it all real and true and was it that she, Francie, was the dreamer?”
― Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn

“I hope suffering don't exist.”
― David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares

“I think i should get love inked on my skin.
Maybe that's the only way i am destined to keep it.”
― Anjum Choudhary

“Bond is stronger than blood. The family grows stronger by bond.”
― Itohan Eghide, Master of Maxims

“Hope holds you fast like an anchor so you don't give way.”
― Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass

“The truth is that we don't want to be saved by in the way God has chosen; we want to keep absolute control over our every step, to be fully conscious of our decisions, to be capable of choosing the object of our devotion. It isn't like that with love - it arrives, moves in, and starts directing everything.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Witch of Portobello

“Great losses are great lessons.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Those who might be tempted to give way to despair should realize that nothing accomplished in this order can ever be lost, that confusion, error and darkness can win the day only apparently and in a purely ephemeral way, that all partial and transitory disequilibrium must perforce contribute towards the greater equilibrium of the whole, and that nothing can ultimately prevail against the power of truth.”
― René Guénon, The Crisis of the Modern World

“Perhaps a wish was just a hope with better aim.”
― Matt Haig, A Boy Called Christmas

“To be truly radical is to make hope possible rather than despair convincing”
― Raymond Williams

“Bursts of hope make despair harder to live with.”
― Bethany Griffin, Masque of the Red Death

“To be unbroken, what would that be?
If words that were spoken, had not shattered me”
― ZOEgirl, Zoegirl - Different Kind of Free

“We mourn the blossoms of May because they are to whither; but we know that May is one day to have its revenge upon November, by the revolution of that solemn circle which never stops---which teaches us in our height of hope, ever to be sober, and in our depth of desolation, never to despair.”
― William Peter Blatty, The Exorcist

“When asked if I am pessimistic or optimistic about the future, my answer is always the same: if you look at the science about what is happening on earth and aren't pessimistic, you don't understand the data. But if you meet the people who are working to restore this earth and the lives of the poor, and you aren't optimistic, you haven't got a pulse.”
― Martin Keogh, Hope Beneath Our Feet: Restoring Our Place in the Natural World

“Optimism hopes for the best without any guarantee of its arriving and is often no more than whistling in the dark. Christian hope, by contrast, is faith looking ahead to the fulfillment of the promises of God, as when the Anglican burial service inters the corpse 'in sure and certain hope of the Resurrection to eternal life, through our Lord Jesus Christ.' Optimism is a wish without warrant; Christian hope is a certainty, guaranteed by God himself. Optimism reflects ignorance as to whether good things will ever actually come. Christian hope expresses knowledge that every day of his life, and every moment beyond it, the believer can say with truth, on the basis of God's own commitment, that the best is yet to come.”
― J. I. Packer

“Eddie saw great things and near misses. Albert Einstein as a child, not quite struck by a run-away milk-wagon as he crossed a street. A teenage boy named Albert Schweitzer getting out of a bathtub and not quite stepping on the cake of soap lying beside the pulled plug. A Nazi Oberleutnant burning a piece of paper with the date and place of the D-Day Invasion written on it. He saw a man who intended to poison the entire water supply of Denver die of a heart attack in a roadside rest-stop on I-80 in Iowa with a bag of McDonald’s French fries on his lap. He saw a terrorist wired up with explosives suddenly turn away from a crowded restaurant in a city that might have been Jerusalem. The terrorist had been transfixed by nothing more than the sky, and the thought that it arced above the just and unjust alike. He saw four men rescue a little boy from a monster whose entire head seemed to consist of a single eye.
But more important than any of these was the vast, accretive weight of small things, from planes which hadn’t crashed to men and women who had come to the correct place at the perfect time and thus founded generations. He saw kisses exchanged in doorways and wallets returned and men who had come to a splitting of the way and chosen the right fork. He saw a thousand random meetings that weren’t random, ten thousand right decisions, a hundred thousand right answers, a million acts of unacknowledged kindness. He saw the old people of River Crossing and Roland kneeling in the dust for Aunt Talitha’s blessing; again heard her giving it freely and gladly. Heard her telling him to lay the cross she had given him at the foot of the Dark Tower and speak the name of Talitha Unwin at the far end of the earth. He saw the Tower itself in the burning folds of the rose and for a moment understood its purpose: how it distributed its lines of force to all the worlds that were and held them steady in time’s great helix. For every brick that landed on the ground instead of some little kid’s head, for every tornado that missed the trailer park, for every missile that didn’t fly, for every hand stayed from violence, there was the Tower.
And the quiet, singing voice of the rose. The song that promised all might be well, all might be well, that all manner of things might be well.”
― Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla

“It is better to dwell on the beautiful things in life than the negative.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“O Diabo, invejoso, fez o homem confundir fé com religião e amor com casamento.”
― Machado de Assis

“All beautiful distractions, ignites from you.”
― V.S.Atbay - Epiphany A Collection of Poems

“Maybe what this is. What we have, is something that will save us from ourselves.”
― robert m drake

“May be its mine bad-luck
Or yours not to get me
But I still have hope
Of being yours”
― Hasil Paudyal, Blended Words

“Hope is for people who can't see the Truth.”
― Jeff Lindsay, Dexter Is Dead

“The way I see it, hard times aren't only about money,
or drought,
or dust.
Hard times are about losing spirit,
and hope,
and what happens when dreams dry up.”
― Karen Hesse, Out of the Dust

“Sometimes that
which we fear
strengthens our
spirit and gives
us a splash
of hope.”
― Harley King

“My sense of the holy is bound up with the hope that some day my remote descendants will live in a global civilization in which love is pretty much the only law.”
― Richard M. Rorty

“And now we step to the rhythm of miracles.
--from The Light, That Never Dies”
― Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love

“For a flicker of a moment I imagined a world completely different from the one I'd always known, a world in which I was treated with fairness, even kindness-- a world in which fathers didn't sell their daughters. ”
― Arthur Golden

“Trust to some was placing all your insecurities and beliefs in one single person, and hoping he or she wouldn’t squash them.”
― Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise

“When all else is lost, the future still remains.”
― Christian Bovee

“There is magic in this sad, hard world. A magic stronger than fate, stronger than chance. And it is seen in the unlikeliest of places.
By a hearth at night, as girl leaves a bit of cheese for a hungry mouse.
In a slaughter yard, as the old and infirm, the weak and discarded, are made to matter more than money.
In a poor carpenter's small attic room, where three sisters learned that the price of forgiveness is forgiving.
And now, on a battlefield, as a mere girl tries to turn the red tide of war.
It is the magic of a frail and fallible creature, one capable of both unspeakable cruelty and immense kindness. It lives inside every human being ready to redeem us. To transform us. To save us. If we can only find the courage to listen to it.
It is the magic of the human heart.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Stepsister

“Hope is the most evil of all emotions”
― Charity Parkerson, The Society of Sinners

“Hope combined with action is the only thing that will bring you contentment.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Reality is, Hope and Despair lie in the same places.
And they're just a matter of perspective.

What changed my perspective, was her.”
― Richie Singh, Chasing Butterflies

“What can you do how much can you give to bring grace and salvation unto even one soul”
― Bree Despain, The Dark Divine

“What was it about not knowing a person that allowed you to wonder whether she might be the answer to all your problems?”
― Keith Ablow, Murder Suicide

“No, Sky. You didn't tell her everything…you told you everything. Those things happened to you, not to someone else. They happened to Hope. They happened to Sky. They happened to the best friend that I loved all those years ago, and they happened to the best friend I love who’s looking back at me right now.”
― Colleen Hoover, Hopeless

“In a feast of fame and talks,
Scandal flashing, raising tongue and brows.
In a blast of bombing and power play,
Fear and death dig more revenge.

In a forgotten continent,
Famine and drought devour lives.
In an unfortunate eye of a rebelling weather,
Crashing homes, leaving many in devastation and desperation.

In a country shaking with violence,
Innocent victims cry for justice and peace.
In a home shaking with turmoil,
Humble patient, hiding voice wants to be heard.

In a tick of a second,
A new breathe of life beats!
To belong in this world.
Constantly changing, decaying or improving?

In a snap of innovation:
Life goes big leap!
Regression somewhere unseen,
But felt in a slow, long run.”
― Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul

“After all, tomorrow is another day.”
― Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind

“Love meant hope. Without love, life held no promise.”
― Christie Craig, Shut Up and Kiss Me

“Pray like it all depends on God, but work like it all depends on you.”
― Dave Ramsey

“History says, Don’t hope
On this side of the grave,
But then, once in a lifetime
The longed-for tidal wave
Of justice can rise up,
And hope and history rhyme”
― Seamus Heaney

“She cannot chain my soul. Yes, she could hurt me. She'd already done so...I would bleed, or not. Scar, or not. Live, or not. But she could not hurt my soul, not unless I gave it to her.”
― Laurie Halse Anderson, Chains

“Hope in the beginning feels like such a violation of the loss, and yet without it we couldn't survive.”
― Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship

“I still believe in man in spite of man. I believe in language even though it has been wounded, deformed, and perverted by the enemies of mankind. And I continue to cling to words because it is up to us to transform them into instruments of comprehension rather than contempt. It is up to us to choose whether we wish to use them to curse or to heal, to wound or to console.”
― Elie Wiesel, Open Heart

“Rien ne va arrêter ma quête pour te trouver" No one will stop my quest to find you.”
― Susane Colasanti, Something Like Fate

“Scientifically, I know beginnings don't exist. The world is made of energy, which is neither created or destroyed. Everything she is was here before me. Everything she was will remain. Her existence touches both my past and my future at one point- infinity.
Lifelines aren't lines at all. They are more like circles.
Its safe to start anywhere and the story will curve its way back to the starting point. Eventually.
In other words, it doesn't matter where I begin. It doesn't change the end.”
― Shannon Lee Alexander, Love and Other Unknown Variables

“Maybe, if you can't get someone out of your head they were never meant to leave. Perhaps, they were meant to help change you into the person you have been waiting to become.”
― shannon l. alder

“There was something better in life than this rub­bish, if only he could get to it—love—nobility—big spaces where passion clasped peace, spaces no science could reach, but they existed for ever, full of woods some of them, and arched with majestic sky and a friend. . .”
― E.M. Forster, Maurice

“Even in darkness it is possible to create light and encourage compassion. That it is possible to feel free inside a prison. That even in exile, friendship exists and can become an anchor. That one instant before dying, man is still immortal.”
― Elie Wiesel, Open Heart

“Joy is but the sign that creative emotion is fulfilling its purpose.”
― Charles Du Bos

“This is what it means to live on. When granted hope, a person uses it as fuel, as a guidepost to life. It is impossible to live without hope.”
― Haruki Murakami, 1Q84

“Even on the poorest streets people could be heard laughing. Some of these streets were completely dark, like black holes, and the laughter that came from who knows where was the only sign, the only beacon that kept residents and strangers from getting lost.”
― Roberto Bolaño, 2666

“I'm pretty much looking for beauty all the time. It just seems like some days the light is better to see it.”
― Melodie Ramone

“And then as the little plane climbed higher and Olive saw spread out below them fields of bright and tender green in this morning sun, farther out the coastline, the ocean shiny and almost flat, tiny white wakes behind a few lobster boats--then Olive felt something she had not expected to feel again: a sudden surging greediness for life. She leaned forward, peering out the window: sweet pale clouds, the sky as blue as your hat, the new green of the fields, the broad expanse of water--seen from up here it all appeared wondrous, amazing. She remembered what hope was, and this was it. That inner churning that moves you forward, plows you through life the way the boats below plowed the shiny water, the way the plane was plowing forward to a place new, and where she was needed.”
― Elizabeth Strout, Olive Kitteridge

“***A KEY WORD***
Imagined”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Hope is the heartbeat of the soul~”
― Michelle Horst

“Hope isn't destiny. Left passive its nothing more than disappointment deferred”
― Bill Willingham, Fables, Vol. 16: Super Team

“Well, right now it seems that things are going very badly for me, have been doing so for some considerable time, and may continue to do so well into the future. But it is possible that everything will get better after it has all seemed to go wrong. I am not counting on it, it may never happen, but if there should be a change for the better I should regard that as a gain, I should rejoice, I should say, at last! So there was something after all!”
― Vincent van Gogh, Dear Theo

“I thought that the light-house looked lovely as hope,
That star on life's tremulous ocean.”
― Thomas Moore

“I do not think it irresponsible to portray even the direst futures if we are to avoid them we must understand that they are possible. But where are the alternatives Where are the dreams that motivate and inspire We long for realistic maps of a world we can be proud to give to our children. Where are the cartographers of human purpose Where are the visions of hopeful futures of technology as a tool for human betterment and not a gun on hair trigger pointed at our heads”
― Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space

“Even if things aren't going the way we want right now, we will always get through it.”
― Stacey T. Hunt, Most Wanted

“Don't you miss it?" I say. "Being free."
He laughs.”
― Lauren DeStefano, Wither

“I wear a necklace of hope with pearly beads. When I met you, it broke, and the beads spilled all over the floor, into the gutters.”
― Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading

“Never mind those failures till yesterday. Each new day is a sequel of a wonderful life; gifted with hopes to succeed.”
― Aniruddha Sastikar

“[Letter to his wife, Natalia Sedova]

In addition to the happiness of being a fighter for the cause of socialism, fate gave me the happiness of being her husband. During the almost forty years of our life together she remained an inexhaustible source of love, magnanimity, and tenderness. She underwent great sufferings, especially in the last period of our lives. But I find some comfort in the fact that she also knew days of happiness.

For forty-three years of my conscious life I have remained a revolutionist; for forty-two of them I have fought under the banner of Marxism. If I had to begin all over again I would of course try to avoid this or that mistake, but the main course of my life would remain unchanged. I shall die a proletarian revolutionist, a Marxist, a dialectical materialist, and, consequently, an irreconcilable atheist. My faith in the communist future of mankind is not less ardent, indeed it is firmer today, than it was in the days of my youth.

Natasha has just come up to the window from the courtyard and opened it wider so that the air may enter more freely into my room. I can see the bright green strip of grass beneath the wall, and the clear blue sky above the wall, and sunlight everywhere. Life is beautiful. Let the future generations cleanse it of all evil, oppression and violence, and enjoy it to the full.”
― Leon Trotsky

“Then, in spite of everything, he began to smile. So much of his existence in Everlost had been full of despair. Despair, and a fear of losing what he had. But Allie was not lost, she was just there across the river, waiting for him to find her. Nick was not lost either--not entirely.

It was then that Mikey McGill realized something. It must have been his sister who first called this place Everlost, because by naming it so, it stripped away all hope except for a faith in her, and the "safety" she could provide. Well, Mary was wrong on all counts, because nothing in Everlost was lost forever, if one had the courage to search for it.

Mikey held tightly on to this shining truth as he and the golem sunk into the earth. Then with all the force of his heart, his mind, and his soul, Mikey McGill began to dig.”
― Neal Shusterman, Everwild

“I have often reflected upon the new vistas that reading opened to me. I knew right there, in prison, that reading had changed forever the course of my life. As I see it today, the ability to read awoke inside me some long dormant craving to be mentally alive. I certainly wasn’t seeking any degree, the way a college confers a status symbol upon its students. My home made education gave me, with every additional book that I read, a little bit more sensitivity to the deafness, dumbness, and blindness that was afflicting the black race in America. Not long ago, an English writer telephoned me from London asking questions. One was, “What’s your alma mater?” I told him, “Books.” You will never catch me with a free fifteen minutes in which I’m not studying something I feel might be able to help the black man.”
― Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X

“Believe that you can make your way. Or don't. Either way, you are right.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Stepsister

“Dear God

Please take away my pain and despair of yesterday and any unpleasant memories and replace them with Your glorious promise of new hope. Show me a fresh HS-inspired way of relating to negative things that have happened. I ask You for the mind of Christ so I can discern Your voice from the voice of my past. I pray that former rejection and deep hurts will not color what I see and hear now.

Help me to see all the choices I have ahead of me that can alter the direction of my life. I ask You to empower me to let go of the painful events and heartaches that would keep me bound. Thank You for Your forgiveness that You have offered to me at such a great price. Pour it into my heart so I can relinquish bitterness hurts and disappointments that have no place in my life. Please set me free to forgive those who have sinned against me and caused me pain and also myself. Open my heart to receive Your complete forgiveness and amazing grace. You have promised to bind up my wounds Psa 147:3 and restore my soul Psa 23:3 .

Help me to relinquish my past surrender to You my present and move to the future You have prepared for me. I ask You to come into my heart and make me who You would have me to be so that I might do Your will here on earth. I thank You Lord for all that’s happened in my past and for all I have become through those experiences. I pray You will begin to gloriously renew my present.”
― Sue Augustine, When Your Past Is Hurting Your Present: Getting Beyond Fears That Hold You Back

“[A] person whose head is bowed and whose eyes are heavy cannot look at the light.”
― Christine de Pizan, Ditié de Jehanne d'Arc

“Horses change lives. They give out young people confidence and self-esteem. They provide peace and tranquility to troubled souls, they give us hope.”
― Toni Robinson

“It has been said that life has treated me harshly; and sometimes I have complained in my heart because many pleasures of human experience have been withheld from me…if much has been denied me, much, very much, has been given me…”
― Helen Keller, The Open Door

“Time works so hard for us, if only we can let it.”
― Tana French, The Likeness

“I felt as if I were riding a pendulum. Just as I would swing into the abyss of hopelessness, the pendulum would swing back with some small goodness.”
― Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray

“In these downbeat times, we need as much hope and courage as we do vision and analysis; we must accent the best of each other even as we point out the vicious effects of our racial divide and pernicious consequences of our maldistribution of wealth and power. We simply cannot enter the twenty-first century at each other's throats, even as we acknowledge the weighty forces of racism, patriarchy, economic inequality, homophobia, and ecological abuse on our necks. We are at a crucial crossroad in the history of this nation--and we either hang together by combating these forces that divide and degrade us or we hang separately. Do we have the intelligence, humor, imagination, courage, tolerance, love, respect, and will to meet the challenge? Time will tell. None of us alone can save the nation or world. But each of us can make a positive difference if we commit ourselves to do so.”
― Cornel West, Race Matters

“As the earth dies your spirit will bloom; as the world fades your soul will rise and glisten. Amongst the dehydrated crevices of a desert earth you will stumble upon your diamonds; in between the dry skulls and cracked bones you will find your sapphires.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“People will always notice something about you. It might be the way you walk or the way you talk, or just simply your personality. Live each day in the way you want to be remembered. Live in such a way that people will be inspired by those unique qualities that you have and strive to live better lives for themselves.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“How I wish I was like the water,
Flowing so freely with every drop
Let my every emotion wonder,
No need to start, nor even stop
How I wish I was like the fire,
Burning with every flame up
Leaving a trace of hot desire
As a Phoenix raises its' wings up
How I wish I was like the earth,
Raising each flower from the ground
Seeing the beauty of death and birth
And then returning to the ground
How I wish I was like the wind,
Hearing each whisper, sound and thought
A lonesome and wandering little wind,
Shattering all that has been sought
Oh, how I wish I was where you are,
Not separated by empty space, so far
It seems like we're galaxies apart,
But we find hope within our heart
And how I wish I was all of the above,
So I can come below and yet forget,
The beauty of angels which come down like a dove
And demons who love with no regret.”
― Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache

“There is a moment in our healing journey when our denial crumbles; we realize our experience and it's continued effects on us won't "just go away". That's our breakthrough moment. It's the sun coming out to warm the seeds of hope so they can grow our personal garden of empowerment.”
― Jeanne McElvaney, Healing Insights: Effects of Abuse for Adults Abused as Children

“Part of her revolted against the insanity of the rules. Part of her was grateful. In a world of chaos, any guidelines helped. And she knew that each day she remained alive, she remained alive. One plus one plus one. The Devil's arithmetic...”
― Jane Yolen

“If you had hope, maybe you could find a way to make things change,. Because if you thought about it, there were so many reasons to try.”
― Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw

“Where there is a Key, there is yet hope.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making

“The universe never complains.
When you're wrong or right,
She always loves and cares,
She always gives and shares.
When you get lost she becomes the light,
Helps you to find what is right.
But she never forgets
To show you the light.”
― Debasish Mridha M.D.

“I kept loving and loving and loving. Every waking hour, I marveled on how these moments would make made me feel. I wanted to love the world and be the change it so deliciously craved.”
― robert m drake

“Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“To believe and yet to have no hope is to thirst beside a fountain.”
― Ann-Marie MacDonald, Fall on Your Knees

“Perhaps what matters when all is said and done is not who puts us down but who picks us up.”
― Kate DiCamillo, Louisiana's Way Home

“Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, On Eagles Wings:Rise

“For the most part wisdom comes in chips rather than blocks. You have to be willing to gather them constantly, and from sources you never imagined to be probable. No one chip gives you the answer for everything. No one chip stays in the same place throughout your entire life. The secret is to keep adding voices, adding ideas, and moving things around as you put together your life. If you’re lucky, putting together your life is a process that will last through every single day you’re alive.”
― Ann Patchett, What Now?

“Every problem has a gift for you in its hands” (Richard Bach). And if not every problem, then just about every one. Even spectacular sunsets are not possible without cloudy skies. Troubles bring a gift for those who choose to look. And since I can't avoid my problems, why waste them? I should look for the gift. My life will be far, far richer for finding it.”
― Steve Goodier

“It was just like him, she thought; with him, a happy ending was always a foregone conclusion. But such was the power of his faith that when she was with him; she found herself believing in happy endings, too.”
― Sharon Kay Penman, When Christ and His Saints Slept

“Every adversity brings new experiences and new lessons.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“The courage is light of one’s life,
is the beauty of today.

The hope of one’s soul,
is the promise of a tomorrow.

The times of our past,
is a wisdom for anytime.

The labour of our sacrifice and love,
is a masterpiece of our moments.

The voyage of one’s mind,
is a journey towards discovery.

The joy in one’s heart,
is a gift for everyone.

The faith of a soul,
is a key to hope and to love.

The true unconditional love of a heart
is a priceless treasure one can ever give.

For our mind, heart and soul
In any journey of rise or fall,
Let faith, hope and love breathe!
As you share it for whom your heart beats.”
― Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul

“I wondered: what happens when a hundred thousand people memorize the same poem? Does anything change?”
― Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing

“Dr. Keller begins pacing. "I don't think we've been hearing Faith just right. Her guard...the words..they sound alike."

What do you mean?"

Your daughter," Dr. Keller says flatly. "I think she's seeing God.”
― Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith

“Faith seems to grab people and not let go, but hope is a double-crosser. It can beat it on you anytime; it's your job to dig in your heels and hang on. Must be nice to have hope in your pocket, like loose change you could jingle through your fingers.”
― Judy Blundell, Strings Attached

“The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.”
― Germany Kent

“I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“Thank goodness for the first snow, it was a reminder--no matter how old you became and how much you'd seen, things could still be new if you were willing to believe they still mattered.”
― Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle

“Does our purpose on Earth directly link to the people whom we end up meeting? Are our relationships and experiences actually the required dots that connect and then lead us to our ultimate destinies?”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“...and we'll see what happens when we say Yes while this rigor mortis world screams No.”
― Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies

“I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents’ prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .”
― Ali Shariati

“The point is, you have family and friends who love you. You have a world out there just waiting for you to conquer it. You have a life that will be anything you make it. That's the point.”
― Malorie Blackman, Boys Don't Cry

“But everything I have to give, I'll give to you”
― Ray Lamontagne

“Today I wore a pair of faded old jeans and a plain grey baggy shirt. I hadn't even taken a shower, and I did not put on an ounce of makeup. I grabbed a worn out black oversized jacket to cover myself with even though it is warm outside. I have made conscious decisions lately to look like less of what I felt a male would want to see. I want to disappear.”
― Sierra D. Waters, Debbie.

“It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.”
― Arthur Conan Doyle, The Naval Treaty

“Excuse me, I feel interrupted and I think I've overdose from the idea of loving you.”
― robert m drake

“Though it's cold and lonely in the deep dark night, I can see paradise by the dashboard light.”
― Meat Loaf, Meat Loaf - Bat Out of Hell

“A winner is not someone who wins. It's someone who tries and isn't afraid to lose.”
― Nusrat Sultana

“He who plants a tree, plants a hope.”
― Lucy Larcom

“To those peoples in the huts and villages of half the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery, we pledge our best efforts to help them help themselves, for whatever period is required - not because the Communists may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but because it is right. If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.”
― John F. Kennedy

“I believe that we are lost here in America, but I believe we shall be found. And this belief, which mounts now to the catharsis of knowledge and conviction, is for me--and I think for all of us--not only our own hope, but America's everlasting, living dream.”
― Thomas Wolfe

“~ Faith lightens the path your shadowed mind has to walk ~”
― Michelle Horst, Visions and Shadows

“There is no hope for the hopeless but there is always some love for the loveless.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“So this is my cue of where to leave you. Now it's your story to retell and pass on. Because an idea is only relevant if it's being thought upon. So remember, never surrender.'Cause the unrelenting constancy of love and hope will rescue and restore from any scope.”
― Thomas Dutton

“One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!”
― Dr. C. Moorer, From Failure to Promise: An Uncommon Path to Professoriate

“A lesson for all of us is that for every loss, there is victory, for every sadness, there is joy, and when you think you’ve lost everything, there is hope.”
― Geraldine Solon, The Assignment

“A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Endings are abstruse, mystic and unreal. They are but depleted beginnings purposed to be substituted with newer ones.A transition of outlook and time, similar to our differing moods before and after slumber. Before the act we witness an exhaustion, a sulkiness but on gaining consciousness, we’re rejuvenated and good humored. The wakefulness is the new beginning whereas the tension the disturbance we perceive each night is the weariness of the beginnings, of each day. So there never really is an end, all that there are are beginnings.Beginnings which are promising, which offer hope, which have a new leash on life, which neither denounce nor belittle rather soothe and console by reconstructing the broken pieces of yesterday, mending them and reinforcing them with courage and beauty like never before.”
― Chirag Tulsiani

“You could sit in there all day drinking coffee and they never asked you to leave no matter how bad you looked. They just asked the bums not to bring their wine and drink it there. Places like that gave you hope when there wasn´t much hope.”
― Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye

“If you search for God you will find him and He will not give up on you".”
― Michele Woolley, God's Favor - Breath Of Heaven

“this sounds a little simple, but I think if we didnt know illness we wouldnt really feel the exhiliration of good health. and if we never cried, we wouldnt be able to recognize joy. in a way, the good only gains value when it is contrasted with the bad”
― Priscilla Warner, The Faith Club: A Muslim, A Christian, A Jew--Three Women Search for Understanding

“One always has hope for human nature”
― Agatha Christie, Sleeping Murder

“Great hopes make great men.”
― Thomas Fuller

“I embraced that hope for a moment, grabbed onto it with both hands, and held it close like the rare treasure it was. Then I let go of it, let it float away like a butterfly on a bright day, because the darkest part of the night was yet to come, and there was no place for it here.”
― Jennifer Estep, Deadly Sting

“You're right. Maybe it wouldn't change anything." His gaze shifted from the brightening ocean to me. I didn't need to look into his eyes to feel their intensity. "But maybe it would change everything.”
― Nicole Williams, Scandal in Seattle

“We found out a long time ago that we weren’t meant to fall in love with each other. But a part of me still fell in hope with him”
― David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy

“Love, Mercy, and Grace, sisters all, attend your wounds of silence and hope.”
― Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams

“You were standing in the wake of devastation
And you were waiting on the edge of the unknown
And with the cataclysm raining down
Insides crying "Save me now"
You were there, impossibly alone”
― Linkin Park

“The world is a goddamned evil place, the strong prey on the weak, the rich on the poor; I’ve given up hope that there is a God that will save us all. How am I supposed to believe that there’s a heaven and a hell when all I see now is hell.”
― Aaron B. Powell, Doomsday Diaries III: Luke the Protector

“A thousand desperate wishes have been spoken on these shores, and in the end they were all the same: Make me someone new.”
― Leigh Bardugo, The Language of Thorns: Midnight Tales and Dangerous Magic

“Despair is a free man—hope is a slave.”
― L.M. Montgomery, The Blue Castle

“Just above our terror, the stars painted this story
in perfect silver calligraphy. And our souls, too often
abused by ignorance, covered our eyes with mercy.”
― Aberjhani, I Made My Boy Out of Poetry

“This world’s anguish is no different
from the love we insist on holding back.”
― Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love

“Miracles were just second chances if you really thought about it--second chances when all hope was lost.”
― Kaya McLaren, How I Came to Sparkle Again

“Broken hearts, you can run, you can hide and perhaps the earth is big enough to believe you’re safe. So maybe for a moment you have escaped but hear me, hear me well. Love will find you and it will leave nothing behind.”
― robert m drake

“Destiny isn't something you make as you're told. By overcoming difficulties, life and this whole world can advance forward. That's what destiny is for. A world that has lost the power to advance forward, will be destroyed - Aladdin”
― Shinobu Ohtaka

“That’s what winter is: an exercise in remembering how to still yourself then how to come pliantly back to life again.”
― Ali Smith, Winter

“The greatest adventure is to have no fear for the blaze that lies ahead.”
― robert m drake

“Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.”
― Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish

“We’re only instruments of love, flowing through heaps of pain hoping one day we’d hatch a passion of our own.”
― robert m drake

“I would rather my descendants have greater abilities and a greater knowledge of the love of Christ than I do, much like standing on one's shoulders in order to get a clearer view of the valley.”
― Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile

“Hope is a psychological mechanism unaffected by external realities.”
― Gene Wolfe, Shadow & Claw

“Realizing the seriously ruthless, venomous habits and agendas of evil always instills a more fierce passion and longing for a closer God. Men, out of pride, may claim their own authorities over what constitutes good and evil; they may self-proclaim a keen knowledge of subjective morality through religion or science. But that is only if they are acknowledging the work of evil as a cartoon-like, petty little rain cloud in the sky that merely wants to dampen one's spirits. On the contrary, a man could be without a doubt lit with the strength, the peace, and the knowledge of the gods, his gods, but when or if the devils grow weary in unsuccessful attempts to torment him, they begin tormenting his loved ones, or, if not his loved ones, anyone who may attempt to grasp his philosophies. No matter how godly he may become, God is, in the end, his only hope and his only grace for the pressures built around him - it is left up to a higher authority and a more solid peace and a wider love to eclipse not just one's own evils but all evils for goodness to ultimately matter. If all men were gods, each being would dwell in a separate prison cell, hopeless, before finally imploding into nothingness.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“The human capacity for self-delusion is apparently infinite – and if that is the case, how are we ever meant to know, except by existing in a state of absolute pessimism, that once again we are fooling ourselves?”
― Rachel Cusk, Outline

“God is our Father and loves us, even when his silence remains incomprehensible.”
― Pope Benedict XVI

“Never give up hope. All things are working for your good. One day, you'll look back on everything you've been through and thank God for it.”
― Germany Kent

“What is false about hope?”
― Mitch Albom, The First Phone Call from Heaven

“Never stop believing that your dreams are eternal.”
― Truth Devour, Unrequited

“You are young; you have hopes. One by one they will go, and nothing will be left but the bare fact of life.”
― Jack Vance, Durdane

“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“It is strange... the reasons one feels he doesn't deserve things.”
― C. Kennedy, Slaying Isidore's Dragons

“Doa yang tulus dan dengan cinta, adalah kekuatan besar yang bisa menyelamatkan siapa pun, termasuk orang yang mendoakannya.”
― Amanda Inez, Beauty Sleep

“Relationships with narcissists are held in place by hope
of a “someday better,” with little evidence to support it will ever arrive.”
― Ramani Durvasula, Should I Stay or Should I Go?: Surviving a Relationship with a Narcissist

“A dried plant is nothing but a sign to plant a new one”
― Priyansh Shah

“Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation. For they are us, our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life.”
― Albert Einstein, Albert Einstein

“Darling, has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words? Wait and hope.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“Mind led body
to the edge of the precipice.
They stared in desire
at the naked abyss.
If you love me, said mind,
take that step into silence.
If you love me, said body,
turn and exist.”
― Anne Stevenson

“I fantasize the night sky to be like a cosmic blue print of my life as I close my eyes and unbutton my heart…. just in case anyone up there is listening.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“Something, somewhere, knows what’s best for me and promises to keep sending me people and experiences to light my way as long as I live in gratitude and keep paying attention to the signs.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“Things go away to return, brightened for the passage”
― A.R. Ammons, Sphere: The Form of a Motion

“I’ve grown up defined by this desperate, undeniable, ‘can’t breathe’ kind of space inside of myself and I’m afraid that the diagnosis is fatal.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“Remain faithful to the earth, my brothers, with the power of your virtue. Let your gift-giving love and your knowledge serve the meaning of the earth. Thus I beg and beseech you. Do not let them fly away from earthly things and beat with their wings against eternal walls. Alas, there has always been so much virtue that has flown away. Lead back to the earth the virtue that flew away, as I do—back to the body, back to life, that it may give the earth a meaning, a human meaning.”
― Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche

“Without struggle, success has no value.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battle-field, and patriot grave, to every living heart and hearth-stone, all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.
--as quoted in THE RIVER OF WINGED DREAMS”
― Abraham Lincoln

“If you see the world and yourself through a lens smudged by negativity then you’ll find much misery. If you look outwards and inwards through lens brightened by positivity you’ll find much to be happy and appreciative about.”
― Henrik Edberg, The 7 Timeless Habits of Happiness

“Below me Rontu was running along the cliffs barking at the screaming gulls. Pelicans were chattering as they finished the blue water. But suddenly I thought of Tutok, and the island seemed very quiet.”
― Scott O'Dell, Island of the Blue Dolphins

“Life must go on, even if it's no joke...just pretend to believe in the future.”
― Louis-Ferdinand Céline, North

“When we only name the problem, when we state complaint without a constructive focus or resolution, we take hope away. In this way critique can become merely an expression of profound cynicism, which then works to sustain dominator culture.”
― bell hooks, Teaching Community: A Pedagogy of Hope

“There are certain mortal moments and minutes that matter. Certain hingepoints in the history of each human. Some seconds are so decisive they shrink the soul, while others are spent, so as to stretch the soul.”
― Neal A. Maxwell

“In my own life, as winters turn into spring, I find it not only hard to cope with mud but also hard to credit the small harbingers of larger life to come, hard to hope until the outcome is secure. Spring teaches me to look more carefully for the green stems of possibility; for the intuitive hunch that may turn into a larger insight, for the glance or touch that may thaw a frozen relationship, for the stranger's act of kindness that makes the world seem hospitable again.”
― Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation

“To love is to soar in the wild unexpectedly.”
― robert m drake

“Home was not a perfect place. But it was the only home they had and they could hope to make it better.”
― Dean Koontz, Winter Moon

“Remember this, - where there is life there is hope. You're alive. Embrace this, because YOU CAN DO ANYTHING while there is breath in your body.”
― Lola Jaye, By The Time You Read This

“Deep down under where his heart resided, strangled up in thorny vines of guilt, anger, fear and longing, there lay something deeper in him, something that he couldn’t see but she could.”
― Carol Oates, Ember

“Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”
― Happy Positivity

“That was how it always was with Colleen: No matter how sad she felt, there was always this little bit of hope - like a speck of glitter caught in your eyelash - that never went away, no matter what.”
― Lauren Tarshis, Emma Jean Lazarus Fell in Love

“Nor dread nor hope attend
A dying animal;
A man awaits his end
Dreading and hoping all.”
― William Butler Yeats

“Hope is something that is demanded of us; it is not, then, a mere reasoned calculation of our chances. Nor is it merely the bubbling up of a sanguine temperament; if it is demanded of us, it lies not in the temperament but in the will... Hoping for what? For delivereance from persecution, for immunity from plague, pestilence, and famine...? No, for the grace of persevering in his Christian profession, and for the consequent achievement of a happy immortality. Strictly speaking, then, the highest exercise of hope, supernaturally speaking, is to hope for perseverance and for Heaven when it looks, when it feels, as if you were going to lose both one and the other.”
― Ronald Knox

“Love could be a last hope and a star to steer by.”
― Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles

“You don't dare think whole even to yourself the entirety of a dear hope or wish let alone a desperate one else you yourself have doomed it.”
― William Faulkner, Intruder in the Dust

“When today fails to offer the justification for hope, tomorrow becomes the only grail worth pursuing.”
― Christopher Bigsby

“Silent. So it should be. You have no place in this world, Luthiel. And there is no other.' Zalos reached out and lifted a few strands of her hair. 'Bright songs and the magic of hope are but a dangerous illusion. The fake comfort of witches charms.”
― Robert Fanney

“If justice takes place, there may be hope, even in the face of a seemingly capricious divinity. ”
― Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night

“I remembered back to leo's burial and holding your hand. I was eleven and you were six, your hand soft and small in mine. As the vicar said 'in sure and certain hope of the resurrection of eternal life' you turned to me, 'I don't want sure and certain hope I want sure and certain Bee.”
― Rosamund Lupton, Sister

“Pandora's box had been opened and monsters had come out. But there had been something hidden at the bottom of Pandora's box. Something wonderful.

Hope.”
― Lisa Marie Rice, Breaking Danger

“Hope is a helium balloon. It is a wish lantern set out into the dark sky of night.”
― Sharon Weil

“Hope is not blind optimism. It's not ignoring the enormity of the task ahead or the roadblocks that stand in our path. It's not sitting on the sidelines or shirking from a fight. Hope is that thing inside us that insists, despite all evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us if we have the courage to reach for it, and to work for it, and to fight for it. Hope is the belief that destiny will not be written for us, but by us, by the men and women who are not content to settle for the world as it is, who have the courage to remake the world as it should be.”
― Barack Obama

“Do you feel cold and lost in desperation?
You build up hope, but failure’s all you’ve known
Remember all the sadness and frustration
And let it go. Let it go”
― Linkin Park

“Let truth be told - women do as a rule live through such humiliations, and regain their spirits, and again look about them with an interested eye. While there's life there's hope is a connviction not so entirely unknown to the "betrayed" as some amiable theorists would have us believe.”
― Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles

“A Plan B life can be just as good or better than a Plan A life. You just have to let go of that first dream and realize that God has already written the first chapter of the new life that awaits you. All you have to do is start reading!”
― Shannon Alder

“There is no such thing as helplessness. It's just another word for giving up.”
― Jefferson Smith, Strange Places

“I hope I make people feel better. I hope I take people out of their situations a little bit and make them happier. That's really why I do what I do.”
― Ellen DeGeneres

“The path i walk lights up in flames”
― R. Karim

“We must be content to grow slowly. Most of us will still barely be at the beginning of our recovery by the time we die. But that is better than killing ourselves pretending to be healthy.”
― Simon Tugwell

“God can inject hope into a absolutely hopeless situation.”
― Mark Evans

“Hope without love is hopeless.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“Mother can beat me all she wants, but I haven’t let her take away my will to somehow survive.”
― Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"

“If you have abandoned one faith, do not abandon all faith. There is always an alternative to the faith we lose. Or is it the same faith under another name?”
― Graham Greene

“Two lost things that had survived the seas and arrived on a coastline. What did they do? They implanted themselves in the sand and grew into trees and lined the beaches. Sometimes a lot can come of being all washed up. You can really grow.”
― Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow

“Fiction cannot recite the numbing numbers, but it can be that witness, that memory. A storyteller can attempt to tell the human tale, can make a galaxy out of the chaos, can point to the fact that some people survived even as most people died. And can remind us that the swallows still sing around the smokestacks.”
― Jane Yolen

“Hope and faith goes hand-in-hand, because without hope there is no faith. The same goes with want and needs, without any wants, there no need to have a need”
― Temitope Owosela

“May the sun come, it's a new day; In the pure land of fantasy; That our darkness enlightened”
― Miguel Torga

“That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.”
― Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish

“Imagine that you are more than nothing. Evil made you, but you are no more evil than a child unborn. If you want, if you seek, if you hope, who is to say that your hope might not be answered?”
― Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive

“It is hope--with regard to our careers, our love lives, our children, our politicians, and our planet--that is primarily to blame for angering and embittering us. The incompatibility between the grandeur of our aspirations and the mean reality of our condition generates the violent disappointments which rack our days and etch themselves in lines of acrimony across our faces.”
― alain de botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion

“Faith to me is trusting in every evidence that something is―that it is possible, that it is significant, that it is real.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in his life.”
― Robert Masello, Blood and Ice

“The king was silent. "Ents!" he said at length. "Out of the shadows of legend I begin a little to understand the marvel of the trees, I think. I have lived to see strange days. Long we have tended our beasts and our fields, built our houses, wrought our tools, or ridden away to help in the wars of Minas Tirith. And that we called the life of Men, the way of the world.
We cared little for what lay beyond the borders of our land. Songs we have that tell of these things, but we are forgetting them, teaching them only to children, as a careless custom. And now the songs have come down among us out of the strange places, and walk visible under the Sun."
"You should be glad," Théoden King," said Gandalf. "For not only the little life of Men is now endangered, but the life also of those thing which you have deemed the matter of legend. You are not without allies, even if you know them not."
"Yet also I should be sad," said Théoden. "For however the fortune of war shall go, may it not so end that much that was fair and wonderful shall pass for ever out of Middle-earth?”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

“Is it folly to believe in something that is intangible? After all, some of the greatest intangibles are Love, Hope, and Wonder.

Another is Deity.

The choice to be a fool is yours.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“The sun is still there... even if clouds drift over it. Once you have experienced the reality of sunshine you may weep, but you will never feel ice about your heart again.”
― Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch

“The Victorian Age, for all its humbug, was a period of rapid progress, because men were dominated by hope rather than fear. If we are again to have progress, we must again be dominated by hope.”
― Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects

“In all my wanderings through this world of care,
In all my griefs -- and God has given my share --
I still had hopes, my latest hours to crown,
Amidst these humble bowers to lay me down;
To husband out life's taper at the close,
And keep the flame from wasting, by repose:
I still had hopes, for pride attends us still,
Amidst the swains to show my book-learn'd skill,
Around my fire an evening group to draw,
And tell of all I felt, and all I saw;
And, as a hare, whom hounds and horns pursue,
Pants to the place from whence at first she flew,
I still had hopes, my long vexations past,
Here to return -- and die at home at last.”
― Oliver Goldsmith

“Everything happens for a reason. Just be patient.”
― Michael Christos Zeis

“It's true I live on hope. Why shouldn't I? Every day I see her beauty while you rot in hell. You will tell me that I'm deluded but we are all deluded in some way. The question is which is the best delusion.”
― Danny Scheinmann, Random Acts Of Heroic Love

“When you were a child, you used to run to me for protection. Now, in moments of weakness, I want to hide my head on your knees; I want you to be strong and wise; I want you to protect and defend me. I'm not always strong in spirit, Vitya – I can be weak too. I often think about suicide, but something holds me back – some weakness, or strength, or irrational hope.”
― Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate

“His hope wasn't lost, it was buried, and somehow Prudence Ryland made that old grave seem much more shallow than it once was.”
― Kathryn Smith

“When you see people only as personalities, rather than souls with life missions to fulfill, you forever limit the growth and possibilities of what God has in store for another person.”
― Shannon Alder

“They want us to be afraid.
They want us to be afraid of leaving our homes.
They want us to barricade our doors
and hide our children.
Their aim is to make us fear life itself!
They want us to hate.
They want us to hate 'the other'.
They want us to practice aggression
and perfect antagonism.
Their aim is to divide us all!
They want us to be inhuman.
They want us to throw out our kindness.
They want us to bury our love
and burn our hope.
Their aim is to take all our light!
They think their bricked walls
will separate us.
They think their damned bombs
will defeat us.
They are so ignorant they don’t understand
that my soul and your soul are old friends.
They are so ignorant they don’t understand
that when they cut you I bleed.
They are so ignorant they don’t understand
that we will never be afraid,
we will never hate
and we will never be silent
for life is ours!”
― Kamand Kojouri

“The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”
― Germany Kent

“She comforted him in his darkness and gave him hope. She seemed to cherish a sincere affection for him, despite his failings. 'She saved me'.”
― Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno

“There is a trick to flying. The angels told me." He had smiled at my wide-eyed awe. "You need to forget everything you know as a human being. When you are human, you discover that there is great power in hating the earth. And it can almost make you fly. But it never will."
I had frowned, not quite understanding him. "So, what's the trick?"
"Love the sky.”
― Anne Fortier, Juliet

“The beauty of a fragment is that it still supports the hope of brilliant completeness.”
― Tobias Wolff, Old School

“Don’t simply exist in this world, but grasp life’s potential by the jacket. Dare it to be all it can. Make life historical—a gripping account of accomplishment. Make life a mystery—a challenging, bold adventure. Make life heartfelt—an enduring, poetic romance. Whatever it is you make of your world, live the fairy tale.”
― Richelle Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen

“Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.”
― Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams

“…a cynic who was still saddened whenever his jaundiced view of mankind was confirmed...”
― Sharon Kay Penman, When Christ and His Saints Slept

“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Where there is life, Nan used to say, there is hope.”
― Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes

“All this hoping for nothing-or someone-that's maybe hopeless”
― Rachel Cohn & David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares

“I arrived, I saw humans and I saw through their faces. Nothing ever changes but the light in their eyes. For I too have buried my demons today, without knowing what might remain beneath the face of tomorrow.”
― robert m drake

“You are one woman in an endless line of women who were chosen to love more passionately than others, be committed to justice more fervently than others, and seek our Maker’s higher expressions more reflectively than others.”
― Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney, Autumnal Dancer

“You can give illness to her body but you can't take the gypsy out of that girl.”
― Nikki Rowe

“The least I can do is speak out for the hundreds of chimpanzees who, right now, sit hunched, miserable and without hope, staring out with dead eyes from their metal prisons. They cannot speak for themselves.”
― Jane Goodall

“When you're in the middle of a nightmare, something ordinary is the only hope. Anyway, ordinary things are the best. I've always thought so.”
― Agatha Christie, Sad Cypress

“After this is over, I want a shower in a really big bathroom."

"I'll get us the penthouse."

"What makes you think you'll be sharing it with me?"

"I live in hope.”
― Nalini Singh, Angels' Flight

“Hope is the great deceiver. Hope is the piper who leads us sleepy to our slaughter.”
― Brent Weeks, The Broken Eye

“Be still, sad heart! and cease repining;
Behind the clouds is the sun still shining”
― Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Ballads and Other Poems

“Sometimes people need to know they could be forgiven to have the strength to change.”
― J. Leigh Bralick, Prism

“Scars prove that you're still here. That you can move on. Maybe missing a chunk of yourself, but here, goddamn it, surviving.”
― Ash Parsons

“We do matter. To believe that our lives are meaningful is the essence of faith. We are not as large, or as bright, or as eternal as the stars, but we carry humankind's message of love across the galaxy. We are the first. We are the world makers. Our nourishment is hope. Like the tender reed shaking in the wind, we will reach up to a new sun.”
― Amy Kathleen Ryan, Glow

“His gut was stitched up good and tight, but that didn’t prevent it from flopping. He wiped his damp palms on the legs of his jeans and stood up shakily, leaning heavily on his cane.
He called himself a masochist for putting himself through this torture day after day.
He braced himself for the disappointment of having to go home alone.
He braced himself for happiness like he’d never known in his entire life.
He watched the door they would come through.”
― Sandra Brown, Lethal

“Fear not the unknown. It is a sea of possibilities.”
― Tom Althouse

“Hope Was but a timid friend;
She sat without the grated den,
Watching how my fate would tend,
Even as selfish-hearted men.

She was cruel in her fear;
Through the bars one dreary day,
I looked out to see her there,
And she turned her face away!

Like a false guard, false watch keeping,
Still, in strife, she whispered peace;
She would sing while I was weeping;
If I listened, she would cease.

False she was, and unrelenting;
When my last joys strewed the ground,
Even Sorrow saw, repenting,
Those sad relics scattered round;

Hope, whose whisper would have given
Balm to all my frenzied pain,
Stretched her wings, and soared to heaven,
Went, and ne'er returned again!”
― Emily Brontë, The Complete Poems

“No star is ever lost we once have seen,
We always may be what we might have been
Since Good, though only thought,
Has life and breath -
God's life - can always be redeemed from death.
And evil in its nature is decay,
And any hour may blot it all away.
The hope that lost in some far distance seems,
May be the truer life, and this the dream.”
― Adelaide Anne Procter

“In a serener Bright,
In a more golden light
I see
Each little doubt and fear,
Each little discord here
Removed.”
― Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson

“You put a new heart in Emma a long time ago, it just wasn’t the kind you were thinking of.” He laughed to himself. “Hope is an amazing thing. I saw it in Emma, saw it with my own eyes.”
― Charles Martin

“The visions we offer our children shape the future. It _matters_ what those visions are. Often they become self-fulfilling prophecies. Dreams are maps.”
― Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space

“Here the whole world (stars, water, air,
And field, and forest, as they were
Reflected in a single mind)
Like cast off clothes was left behind
In ashes, yet with hopes that she,
Re-born from holy poverty,
In lenten lands, hereafter may
Resume them on her Easter Day."

(Epitaph for Joy Davidman)”
― C.S. Lewis

“I would like [my readers] to better understand human beings and human life as a result of having read [my] stories. I'd like them to feel that this was an experience that made things better for them and an experience that gave them hope. I think that the kind of things that we talk about at this conference -- fantasy very much so, science fiction, and even horror -- the message that we're sending is the reverse of the message sent by what is called "realistic fiction." (I happen to think that realistic fiction is not, in fact, realistic, but that's a side issue.) And what we are saying is that it doesn't have to be like this: things can be different. Our society can be changed. Maybe it's worse, maybe it's better. Maybe it's a higher civilization, maybe it's a barbaric civilization. But it doesn't have to be the way it is now. Things can change. And we're also saying things can change for you in your life. Look at the difference between Severian the apprentice and Severian the Autarch [in The Book of the New Sun], for example. The difference beteween Silk as an augur and Silk as calde [in The Book of the Long Sun]. You see?

We don't always have to be this. There can be something else. We can stop doing the thing that we're doing. Moms Mabley had a great line in some movie or other -- she said, "You keep on doing what you been doing and you're gonna keep on gettin' what you been gettin'." And we don't have to keep on doing what we've been doing. We can do something else if we don't like what we're gettin'. I think a lot of the purpose of fiction ought to be to tell people that.”
― Gene Wolfe

“In the Cross is salvation; in the Cross is life; in the Cross is protection against our enemies; in the Cross is infusion of heavenly sweetness; in the Cross is strength of mind; in the Cross is joy of spirit; in the Cross is excellence of virtue; in the Cross is perfection of holiness. There is no salvation of soul, nor hope of eternal life, save in the Cross.”
― Thomas à Kempis, The Inner Life

“[W]hen someone finds himself quite unjustly attacked and hated on all sides, there is no need for such a person to feel dismayed by misfortune. See how Fortune, who has harmed many a one, is so inconstant, for God, Who opposes all wrong deeds, raises up those in whom hope dwells.”
― Christine de Pizan, Ditié de Jehanne d'Arc

“In honor of Oprah Winfrey: Even greater than the ability to inspire others with hope is the power to motivate them to give as much to the lives of others as they would give to their own; and to empower them to confront the worst in themselves in order to discover and claim the best in themselves.”
― Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry

“Do you think it is a vain hope that one day man will find joy in noble deeds of light and mercy, rather than in the coarse pleasures he indulges in today -- gluttony, fornication, ostentation, boasting, and envious vying with his neighbor? I am certain this is not a vain hope and that the day will come soon.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov

“I am hopeful, though not full of hope, and the only reason I don't believe in happy endings is because I don't believe in endings.”
― Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast

“Despair is for people who know, beyond any doubt, what the future is going to bring. Nobody is in that position. So despair is not only a kind of sin, theologically, but also a simple mistake, because nobody actually knows. In that sense there is always hope.”
― Patrick Curry, Defending Middle-Earth: Tolkien: Myth and Modernity

“For our people, butterflies are a symbol of hope. It's said that if you capture one in your hands and whisper your dreams to it, it will carry them up to the heavens so that the wish can be granted.”
― Sherrilyn Kenyon, Retribution

“Be a craftsman in speech that thou mayest be strong, for the strength of one is the tongue, and speech is mightier than all fighting.”
― Ptahhotep

“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“...stooping very low, He engraves with care
His Name, indelible, upon our dust;
And from the ashes of our self-despair,
Kindles a flame of hope and humble trust.
He seeks no second site on which to build,
But on the old foundation, stone by stone,
Cementing sad experience with grace,
Fashions a stronger temple of His own.”
― Patricia St. John, Patricia St. John Tells Her Own Story

“The day will bring hope for me," said Aragorn. "Is it not said that no foe has ever taken the Hornburg, if men defended it?"
"So the minstrels say," said Éomer.
"Then let us defend it, and hope!”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

“Here's a funny question:

What is your favorite word?

Think about it—maybe it's a word that makes you absolutely happy, or a word that sounds gloriously beautiful, or a word that evokes awe and wonder. Maybe you are reminded of a great time when you hear it, or maybe it represents your life's dream.

So, what is it? What is your favorite word of all words?

Thought about it yet?

Good.

And now, think why.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“Nay! Alas for us all! And for all that walk in the world in these after-days. For such is the way of it: to find and lose, as it seems to those whose boat is on the running stream. But I count you blessed [...] for your loss you suffer of your own free will, and you might have chosen otherwise. But you have not forsaken your companions, and the least reward that you shall have is that the memory of Lothlórien shall remain ever clear and unstained in your heart, and shall neither fade nor grow stale.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“Here's another poem,
like all others before and after,
dedicated to you.
There isn't anything left to be said
but I will spend my life
trying to put you into words.
You who is every goodness,
every optimism
and hope.
Your love is a better fate for me
than anything I could wish for.
If you are a part of me,
then you’re the best part.
And if you're separate from me,
then you are my destination.
But I’ve become a weary traveller,
so please,
let us never be apart.”
― Kamand Kojouri

“It's not that we had no heart or eyes for pain. We were all afraid. We all had our miseries. But to despair was to wish for something already lost. Or to prolong what was already unbearable...What was worse, to sit and wait for our own deaths with proper somber faces? Or to choose our own happiness?
"So we decided to hold parties and pretend each week had become the new year. Each week we could forget past wrongs done to us. We weren't allowed to think a bad thought. We feasted, we laughed, we played games, lost and won, we told the best stories. And each week we could hope to be lucky. That hope was our only joy. And that's how we came to call our little parties Joy Luck.”
― Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club

“He cursed himself for having assumed the weather would be sunny. Perhaps it was the result of evolution, he thought--some adaptive gene that allowed the English to go on making blithe outdoor plans in the face of almost certain rain.”
― Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand

“Hope knows no fear.

Hope dares to blossom even inside the abysmal abyss.

Hope secretly feeds and strengthens promise.”
― Sri Chinmoy

“It is the privilege of the rich
To waste the time of the poor
To water with tears in secret
A tree that grows in secret
That bears fruit in secret
That ripened falls to the ground in secret
And manures the parent tree
Oh the wicked tree of hatred and the secret
The sap rising and the tears falling.”
― Stevie Smith, Selected Poems

“A man is a fool to live in hopes of a better tomorrow. I have a thousand, better ways today to spend what time remains ahead of me, and I have brighter, lighter and more pleasant places in which to spend it.”
― Jack Whyte, Uther

“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Somewhere fate laughs in her far-off country, because now I am the human and it is Grace I will lose again and again, immer wieder, always the same, every winter, losing more of her each year, unless I find a cure.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, Linger

“I dalje verujem da Sunce izlazi svakoga dana i da svako novo Sunce najavljuje novi dan;dan koji je juče bio budućnost. I dalje verujem da će današnji dan, u trenutku zatvaranja jedne stranice vremena, obećati sutra – ranije nepredvidivo, kasnije neponovljivo”
― Carlos Fuentes

“Are we alone? Over time, you will come up with various answers to that same nagging question. Eventually one day it will occur to you that this endless asking is the answer you have been looking for. The fact that we have an ongoing dialogue with the universe is proof enough that there is "something" out there.”
― Veronique Vienne, The Art of the Moment: Simple Ways to Get the Most from Life

“Once a day has begun eventfully, it generally carries on being every bit as lively.”
― Albert Ehrenstein, Tubutsch

“A DAY LAYE"

"Every dawn of our lives a heart is forged and
Linked with lore to one so similar
Born with blessed life dust
Stored beneath its soul
To bless and pass onto its children
Even though the wind may blow it all away
Don't ever worry 'cos I'm your friend.”
― Marc Bolan, Marc Bolan Lyric Book

“Do you believe there's hope at the end?' I ask.
'No,' she says simply, looking away. 'No, I don't, but I'm still going.' She eyes me. 'You coming with?”
― Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go

“And when the dawn comes creeping in,
Cautiously I shall raise
Myself to watch the daylight win.”
― D.H. Lawrence, The Complete Poems

“I’ve always seen this in you, ever since you were a little girl — this hunger to love other people into their highest selves and it’s what has made me irreversibly and just so forever in love with you.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“Unforgiveness denies the victim the possibility of parole and leaves them stuck in the prison of what was, incarcerating them in their trauma and relinquishing the chance to escape beyond the pain.”
― T. D. Jakes

“Please… Whoever you are, whatever you are… I believe in you even though I don’t completely understand you. I feel you around me even though I can’t exactly describe what I’m feeling. Sometimes things happen to me and I know that you’re there and I’m humbled by the lack of coincidence that exists in the world. Whatever you want from me, it’s yours — just please help me. You know how I get when I lose control, and I find myself constantly being pulled back there these days.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“Hope is faith holding out its hand in the dark.”
― George Iles

“To say goodbye, is to die a little.
To say good morning, is a hope for a new sunshine in a cloudy winter.”
― Nabil TOUSSI

“I know now, just quite how
My life and love might still go on
In your heart, in your mind
I'll stay with you for all of time.”
― The Calling

“Love as a concrete foundation for an authentically functional civilization requires the around-the-clock labors of forgiveness. Without it, Love fails, Friendship fails, Intelligence fails, Humanity: fails.”
― Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry

“Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the result of your action will be a life of success.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“Here is little habit that can make a big difference. Send sunbeams. Intentionally send a word of encouragement or appreciation every day to one person.”
― Steve Goodier

“With no positivity, there is no hope; with no negativity, there is no improvement.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“We have such numerous interests in our lives that it is not uncommon, on a single occasion, for the foundations of a happiness that does not yet exist to be laid down alongside the intensification of a grief from which we are still suffering.”
― Marcel Proust, Swann's Way

“Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Hope is bulletproof, truth just hard to hit”
― Christopher Moore, Coyote Blue

“The more death, the more birth. People are entering, others are exiting. The cry of a baby, the mourning of others. When others cry, the other are laughing and making merry. The world is mingled with sadness, joy, happiness, anger, wealth, poverty, etc.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Hope...which is whispered from Pandora's box only after all the other plagues and sorrows had escaped, is the best and last of all things. Without it, there is only time. And time pushes at our backs like a centrifuge, forcing us outward and away, until it nudges us into oblivion.”
― Ian Caldwell, The Rule of Four

“Similar to a butterfly, I've gone through a metamorphosis, been released from my dark cocoon, embraced my wings, and soared!”
― Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit

“Look up.”
― Luanne Rice, Silver Bells

“Try again; you have millions of alternatives. Fill yourself with the bullets of hope and you will kill failure with one shot.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!

“I neither knew nor cared whether my experience was insanity, dreaming, or magic; but was determined to gaze on brilliance and gaiety at any cost.”
― H.P Lovecraft

“Human life is under the absolute dominion of two mighty principles, fear and hope, and that any one who can make these serve his ends may be sure of rapid fortune.”
― Lucian of Samosata

“Hope may have a positive reputation, but it has a vicious downside. If you have hope, you can be crushed.”
― Ann Napolitano, A Good Hard Look

“What are you planting today to harvest tomorrow?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Chapters - Life has many different chapters for us. One bad chapter doesn’t mean the end of the book.”
― Edenia Archuleta

“What did I tell you? Something's happening!' cried Sam. '"The war's going well," said Shagrat; but Gorbag he wasn't so sure. And he was right there too. Things are looking up, Mr. Frodo. haven't you got some hope now?'

'Well, no, not much, Sam,' Frodo sighed. 'That's away beyond the mountains. We're going east not west. And I'm so tired. And the Ring is so heavy, Sam. And I begin to see it in my mind all the time, like a great wheel of fire.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“If the affluent cannot afford hope, you cannot expect the destitute to pay for desperation.”
― David Mitchell, Ghostwritten

“It sounded like walls tumbling, liberty bells chiming, government buildings being stormed.
It sounded like a revolution.
It sounded like hope.”
― Alex Scarrow, The Eternal War

“I don't know when the boys
began to walk away with parts of myself
in their sticky hands; when loving
became a process of subtraction. Or why,
having given up what seems so much,
I'm willing to lose even more — erasing
all this body's known, relearning it with you.”
― Melissa Stein

“As we sail in the voyage of life,
the love and joy we shared count more than anything else.
Let them feel the rhythm of our heart,
share them the music of our soul,
for a meaningful, fulfilling moments of today,
for a hopeful, promising and joyful tomorrow”
― Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul

“It’s the poet we love in Caeiro, not the philosopher. What we really get from these poems is a childlike sense of life, with all the direct materiality of the child’s mind, and all the vital spirituality of hope and increase that exist in the body and soul of nescient childhood. Caeiro’s work is a dawn that wakes us up and quickens us; a more that material, more than anti-spiritual dawn. It’s an abstract effect, pure vacuum, nothingness.”
― Álvaro de Campos

“Wherever there's hope there's a trial.”
― Haruki Murakami, 1Q84

“Many things are thrown our way in this game of life. It's how you deal with them that shows your true character. I want all of you to feel the hope, love & passion I feel for the upcoming year & the rest of my life. I want ALL of you to not only go for your dreams, but have a damn ass good time doing it! Love & Warmth, May ♥”
― May Water

“A truly Christian love, either to God or men, is a humble broken-hearted love. The desires of the saints, however earnest, are humble desires. Their hope is a humble hope; and their joy, even when it is unspeakable and full of glory, is a humble broken-hearted joy, and leaves the Christian more poor in spirit, and more like a little child, and more disposed to a universal lowliness of behaviour.”
― Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections

“Any fool can hope when success lies plainly in view. It wants genuine strength to hope when matters are hopeless.”
― Michael Flynn, Eifelheim

“To die,
so young to die.
No, no, not I,
I love the warm sunny skies,
light, song, shining eyes,
I want no war, no battle cry,
No, no, not I.”
― Hannah Senesh

“In a world plagued with commonplace tragedies, only one thing exists that truly has the power to save lives, and that is love.”
― Richelle Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher

“I challenge you to make your life the masterpiece you want to paint, the novel you want to read, the day you want to wake to.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Let the children have their night of fun and laughter. Let the gifts of Father Christmas delight their play. Let us grown-ups share to the full in their unstinted pleasures before we turn again to the stern task and the formidable years that lie before us, resolved that, by our sacrifice and daring, these same children shall not be robbed of their inheritance or denied their right to live in a free and decent world." Winston Churchill Christmas Eve Message, 1941 as printed in "In the Dark Streets Shineth.”
― David McCullough, In the Dark Streets Shineth: A 1941 Christmas Eve Story

“Everyone runs around trying to find a place where they still serve breakfast because eating breakfast, even if it's 5 o'clock in the afternoon, is a sign that the day has just begun and good things can still happen. Having lunch is like throwing in the towel.”
― Jonathan Goldstein, Lenny Bruce is Dead

“The door', replied Maimie, 'will always, always be open, and mother will always be waiting at it for me.”
― J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens

“Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions, inside the walls of a hospital... Doubt is like dye. Once is spreads into the fabric of excuses you've woven, you'll never get rid of the stain.”
― Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf

“With every year that I grow older, I also draw closer to (my loved ones) to the day when we will once again be together. So I march through the deepening shadows, serene and unafraid, because I know that at the end of my journey they will be waiting for me.”
― Tess Gerritsen, The Silent Girl

“She was famous, and she was insane.
Her voice soared out over the audience, holding them spellbound and enraptured, delivering their hopes and fears tangled in chords and rhythm. They called her an angel, her voice a gift.
She was famous, and she was a liar.”
― Dianne Sylvan, Queen of Shadows

“Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you will be saved.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“You won't find the truth of life in morbidity, only in hope.”
― Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas

“The Rest of Our Life Is Going To Be The Best of Our Life!”
― Darrell Yarbrough

“Oh no," I said, because if our life is just one endless song about hope and regret, then "oh no" is apparently that song's chorus, the words we always return to.”
― Brock Clarke, An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England

“Sorry Johnny."
"Sorry for what "
"For shouting at you. It's just that when I think about the future I keep panicking. It's like falling from the top of the stairs in the dark not knowing where I'll end up."
He put his arm around my shoulders. "I understand. Life is precarious for most of us but more so for you. What you forget is what most of your friends see in you."
"What's that "
"The ability to beat the odds..."
"And fall on my feet "
He nodded.
"I just hope that lasts."
"It will Catkin it will. It wouldn't dare fail you.”
― Julia Golding, Den of Thieves

“We may be helpless to stop bad things from happening, but perhaps God leaves us signs and road maps to help us recover and reconnect, provided we know where to look.”
― Jennifer Gardner Trulson, Where You Left Me

“Hope and desire,
All unfulfilled,
Have more than rope
And hangman killed.”
― Stevie Smith, Selected Poems

“That would be the death of anyone - to recognize false hopes with a certainty. One mustn't know that. If it is offered, refuse!”
― Jesse Ball, The Curfew

“Hope is a journey
Into an enchanted tomorrow”
― Karen Hackel, The Whisper of Your Soul

“Live for the lovers, not the haters!”
― Scylar Tyberius, Sebastian the Great

“Do we ever have to abandon all hope? Is it not perhaps a good thing that by refusing to give in to the evidence, the dreams that lie half awake in us all may persist?”
― Theodore Monod

“Hope is a seed that grows inside us from the moment we are born”
― J. D. Willd

“Mile by mile, it's a trial; yard by yard, it's hard; but inch by inch, it's a cinch.”
― Gabrielle Giffords & Mark Kelly

“Hope is a flicker, a candle flame kept burning by the simple act of breathing.”
― Joan Clark

“Have faith in your beliefs”
― Michael Christos Zeis

“Forget yesterday ... Tomorrow still holds happy surprises for us.”
― David S. Mark

“A few weeks ago I had a dream. I dreamed I was back at the house, in the red room, reading my microeconomics textbook. Maddy outside playing with Hope, and Agnes was preparing dinner. It was just like old times. I was elated. I knew all along that they weren't really dead. It was all just a terrible mistake. Maddy joined me in the library. Strangely, she didn't smell like anything. Not her usual crème brulee or green apples or candy. That's when I realized she was dead, though I didn't know I was dreaming. She apologized for everything and then proceeded to explain why things had turned out the way they had. Her story made complete sense. It was what I needed to hear. Finally I had an answer. Finally I could let go. And then she vanished
When I woke up, in a pool of sweat, I couldn't remember a thing Maddy had said.”
― Katherine Easer, Vicious Little Darlings

“Flowers don't tell, they show. That's the way good books should be too."--Stephanie Skeem. Author of Flotsam”
― Stephanie Skeem

“Women think in [Douglas] Sirk’s films. Something which has never struck me with other directors. None of them. Usually women are always reacting, doing what women are supposed to do, but in Sirk they think. It’s something that has to be seen. It’s great to see women think. It gives one hope. Honestly.”
― Rainer Werner Fassbinder

“But it is a blessed provision of nature that at times like these, as soon as a man's mercury has got down to a certain point there comes a revulsion, and he rallies. Hope springs up, and cheerfulness along with it, and then he is in good shape to do something for himself, if anything can be done.”
― Mark Twain, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court

“Four times during the first six days they were assembled and briefed and then sent back. Once, they took off and were flying in formation when the control tower summoned them down. The more it rained, the worse they suffered. The worse they suffered, the more they prayed that it would continue raining. All through the night, men looked at the sky and were saddened by the stars. All through the day, they looked at the bomb line on the big, wobbling easel map of Italy that blew over in the wind and was dragged in under the awning of the intelligence tent every time the rain began. The bomb line was a scarlet band of narrow satin ribbon that delineated the forward most position of the Allied ground forces in every sector of the Italian mainland.

For hours they stared relentlessly at the scarlet ribbon on the map and hated it because it would not move up high enough to encompass the city.

When night fell, they congregated in the darkness with flashlights, continuing their macabre vigil at the bomb line in brooding entreaty as though hoping to move the ribbon up by the collective weight of their sullen prayers. "I really can't believe it," Clevinger exclaimed to Yossarian in a voice rising and falling in protest and wonder. "It's a complete reversion to primitive superstition. They're confusing cause and effect. It makes as much sense as knocking on wood or crossing your fingers. They really believe that we wouldn't have to fly that mission tomorrow if someone would only tiptoe up to the map in the middle of the night and move the bomb line over Bologna. Can you imagine? You and I must be the only rational ones left."

In the middle of the night Yossarian knocked on wood, crossed his fingers, and tiptoed out of his tent to move the bomb line up over Bologna.”
― Joseph Heller, Catch-22

“NOT, I’ll not, carrion comfort, Despair, not feast on thee;
Not untwist—slack they may be—these last strands of man
In me ór, most weary, cry I can no more. I can;
Can something, hope, wish day come, not choose not to be.”
― Gerard Manley Hopkins, Poems by Gerard Manley Hopkins

“Do try to remember this: even the world's not so black as it is painted"
-Valerie to Stephen (pg. 408)”
― Radclyffe Hall, The Well of Loneliness

“ i had a dream when i was 22 that someday i would go to the region of ice and snow and go on and on till i came to one of the poles of the earth”
― Ernest Shackleton

“In the midst of her tears came the thought, "When people are in danger, they ask God to save them;" and, slipping down upon her knees, she said her prayer as she had never said it before, for when human help seems gone we turn to Him as naturally as lost children cry to their father, and feel sure that he will hear and answer them.”
― Louisa May Alcott, Jack and Jill

“For if the darkness and corruption leave
A vestige of the thoughts that once I had,
Better by far you should forget and smile
Than that you should remember and be sad.”
― Christina Rossetti, Poems of Christina Rossetti

“By the time the last few notes fade, his hope will be restored, but each time he's force to resort to the Adagio it becomes harder, and he knows its effect is finite. There are only a certain number of Adagios left in him, and he will not recklessly spend this precious currency. ”
― Steven Galloway

“...This is the arena in which a spiritualized disobedience means most. It doesn't mean a second New Deal, another massive bureaucratic attack on our problems. It doesn't mean taking to the streets, throwing bricks through the window at the Bank of America, or driving a tractor through the local McDonald's. It means living differently. It means taking responsibility for the character of the human world. That's a real confrontation with the problem of value. In short, refusal of the present is a return to what Thoreau and Ruskin called "human fundamentals, valuable things," and it is a movement into the future. This movement into the future is also a powerful expression of that most human spiritual emotion, Hope.
p.124”
― Curtis White, The Spirit of Disobedience: Resisting the Charms of Fake Politics, Mindless Consumption, and the Culture of Total Work

“Laughter with those that understand us is music for the soul.
A hug at the right moment and a kind shoulder to lean on,
Is the sprinkle of magic that keeps us walking towards hope.”
― Mimi Novic

“Hope could not outlast the breather. Love, however . . . Love was something not even death could conquer, because at the end of everything, even life, he was hers.”
― Ryan Graudin, Invictus

“The positive emotions that arise in...unpromising circumstances demonstrate that social ties and meaningful work are deeply desired, readily improvised, and intensely rewarding. The very structure of our economy and society prevent these goals from being achieved.”
― Rebecca Solnit

“Glossa

Time goes by, time comes along,
All is old and all is new;
What is right and what is wrong,
You must think and ask of you;
Have no hope and have no fear,
Waves that rise can never hold;
If they urge or if they cheer,
You remain aloof and cold.

To our sight a lot will glisten,
Many sounds will reach our ear;
Who could take the time to listen
And remember all we hear?
Keep aside from all that patter,
Seek yourself, far from the throng
When with loud and idle clatter
Time goes by, time comes along.

Nor forget the tongue of reason
Or its even scales depress
When the moment, changing season,
Wears the mask of happiness -
It is born of reason's slumber
And may last a wink as true:
For the one who knows its number
All is old and all is new.

Be as to a play, spectator,
As the world unfolds before:
You will know the heart of matter
Should they act two parts or four;
When they cry or tear asunder
From your seat enjoy along
And you'll learn from art to wonder
What is right and what is wrong.

Past and future, ever blending,
Are the twin sides of same page:
New start will begin with ending
When you know to learn from age;
All that was or be tomorrow
We have in the present, too;
But what's vain and futile sorrow
You must think and ask of you;


For the living cannot sever
From the means we've always had:
Now, as years ago, and ever,
Men are happy or are sad:
Other masks, same play repeated;
Diff'rent tongues, same words to hear;
Of your dreams so often cheated,
Have no hope and have no fear.

Hope not when the villains cluster
By success and glory drawn:
Fools with perfect lack of luster
Will outshine Hyperion!
Fear it not, they'll push each other
To reach higher in the fold,
Do not side with them as brother,
Waves that rise can never hold.

Sounds of siren songs call steady
Toward golden nets, astray;
Life attracts you into eddies
To change actors in the play;
Steal aside from crowd and bustle,
Do not look, seem not to hear
From your path, away from hustle,
If they urge or if they cheer;

If they reach for you, go faster,
Hold your tongue when slanders yell;
Your advice they cannot master,
Don't you know their measure well?
Let them talk and let them chatter,
Let all go past, young and old;
Unattached to man or matter,
You remain aloof and cold.

You remain aloof and cold
If they urge or if they cheer;
Waves that rise can never hold,
Have no hope and have no fear;
You must think and ask of you
What is right and what is wrong;
All is old and all is new,
Time goes by, time comes along.”
― Mihai Eminescu, Poems

“The journey through another world, beyond bad dreams
beyond the memories of a murdered generation,
cartographed in captivity by bare survivors
makes sacristans of us all.

The old ones go our bail, we oblate preachers of our tribes.
Be careful, they say, don't hock the beads of
kinship agonies; the moire-effect of unfamiliar hymns
upon our own, a change in pitch or shrillness of the voice
transforms the ways of song to words of poetry or prose
and makes distinctions
no one recognizes.
Surrounded and absorbed, we tread like Etruscans
on the edge of useless law; we pray
to the giver of prayer, we give the cane whistle
in ceremony, we swing the heavy silver chain
of incense burners. Migration makes
new citizens of Rome.”
― Elizabeth Cook-Lynn

“Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them. ”
― Vincent McNabb

“Because now that it's finally morning, the shadows are beginning to fade, the shadows that have been covering my mind and my soul. Now that they're gone, I can almost start to see the way, and it's different from the one they'd convinced me was all I could have.”
― Vixen Phillips, Trapdoor

“Hope can be imagined as a domino effect, a chain reaction, each increment making the next increase more feasible... There are moments of fear and doubt that can deflate it.”
― Jerome Groopman, MD

“أستطيع أن أثق دائماً بمدينة ذات جسور، بغضّ النظر عن الألم. ففي المعلّق شيء شبيه بالأمل.”
― إيتل عدنان

“We are going to win our freedom because both the sacred heritage of our nation and the eternal will of the Almighty God are embodied in our echoing demands. So however difficult it is during this period, however difficult it is to continue to live with the agony and the continued existence of racism, however difficult it is to live amidst the constant hurt, the constant insult and the constant disrespect, I can still sing we shall overcome. We shall overcome because the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends towards justice.

We shall overcome because Carlisle is right. "No lie can live forever." We shall overcome because William Cullen Bryant is right. "Truth crushed to earth will rise again." We shall overcome because James Russell Lowell is right. "Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong forever on the throne."   Yet that scaffold sways the future. We shall overcome because the Bible is right.  "You shall reap what you sow." With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith we will be able to speed up the day when all of God's children all over this nation - black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old negro spiritual, "Free at Last, Free at Last, Thank God Almighty, We are Free At Last.”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“...but if there was one thing that all my years as the Spider, all the battles, all the brushes with my own death, had taught me, then it was THIS.

That THIS was what was important. This moment right now and all the ones that we are lucky enough to have after it. Today, tomorrow, hell, maybe even forever.”
― Jennifer Estep, Heart of Venom

“I wanted, for so long, for someone to understand me better than I understood myself, to take control of me, to save me, to make it all better. I thought that the hardest part of a loving, mutually healing relationship would be showing my vulnerable, raw spots to a person, even though I'd been hurt so many times before. This has not been the hardest part. The actual hardest part has been realizing that no one, no matter how compassionate and kind they are, will say the perfect things always. Myself included. The hardest part has been learning to communicate what I need, to hear what others need, to tell others how to tell me what they need. Intimacy takes a lot of communication. We all have triggers. I don't know your triggers and you don't know mine. No matter how much I love or trust you, you cannot possibly know exactly the words I need to hear, the words I don't want to hear, and the way I like to be touched. And how strange that we expect these things of each other. How strange, and self-sabotaging, that we refuse to get into relationships and friendships with people unless they treat us in just that perfect way. We've been raised to want fairy tales. We've been raised to wait for flawless saviors to rescue us. But the savior isn't flawless and the savior is not coming. The savior is you. The savior is still learning. The savior is never done learning. The savior is a human being. Forget perfect. Forget flawless. And start speaking your truth. Start speaking what you want and how you want it. And start asking and listening, really listening, to what the people around you say. Maybe, then, we will stop abandoning and hurting each other. Maybe, then, there's hope for us.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“But the Count hadn’t the temperament for revenge; he hadn’t the imagination for epics; and he certainly hadn’t the fanciful ego to dram of empires restored. No. His model for mastering his circumstances would be a different sort of captive altogether: an Anglican washed ashore. Like Robinson Crusoe stranded on the Isle of Despair, the count would maintain his resolve by committing to the business of practicalities. Having dispensed with dreams of quick discovery, the world’s Crusoes seek shelter and a source of fresh water; they teach themselves to make fire from flint; they study their island’s topography, it’s climate, its flora and fauna, all the while keeping their eyes trained for sails on the horizon and footprints in the sand.”
― Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow

“I suppose she's right. It's like a metaphor for life: No one wants an ornery old goat, but we can't resist opening the door ayway. We can't keep from hoping.”
― Lauren Myracle, Bliss

“Faith doesn't always come naturally but as we take those steps of faith, we notice little by little that our faith has grown and it isn't as hard as we first thought. ”
― Jacqueline Winslow

“I couldn't help thinking that if I, by pure chance, had found a whole universe in a single unknown book, buried in that endless necropolis, tens of thousands more would remain unexplored, forgotten forever.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“What lies ahead seems unlikely; when it becomes the past, it seems inevitable.”
― Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark

“Stories migrate secretly. The assumption that whatever we now believe is just common sense, or what we always knew, is a way to save face. It's also a way to forget the power of a story and of a storyteller, the power in the margins, and the potential for change.”
― Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark

“My thoughts, I think, will soon be sound.
My mind, I hope, will soon be found.”
― Tahereh Mafi, Destroy Me

“I feel a resurgence of my 6-year-old self… that little warrior, goddess of a girl reminding me of who I was when I was little, before the world got its hands on me.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“He turned away, and suddenly she thought about the old children's story, where the stupid girl opens the box that God gave her, and all the evils of the world fly out, except Hope, which stays at the bottom; and she wondered what Hope was doing in there in the first place, in with all the bad things. Then the answer came to her, and she wondered how she could've been so stupid. Hope was in there because it was evil too, probably the worst of them all, so heavy with malice and pain that it couldn't drag itself out of the opened box.”
― K.J. Parker, Sharps

“I know that this process of ‘me changing my life’ doesn’t just end once I set fire to this list of things I hate about myself. Tonight isn’t as much of a new beginning as it is a violent end and I know the real work hasn’t even started yet.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“It's the smell of him in the bathroom, all I need to get ready for the day. Watching him get dressed, and the sound in the kitchen; a slow hum of a song and his movements, picking things to eat. The way I could observe him, for hours, just go on with his day – or as he sleeps – simply breathing in and out, in and out, and it's like the hymn that sings me to peace.
I know the world is still out there and I know I'm not yet friendly to its pace, but as long as I know him with me, here, there, somewhere – us – I know I have a chance.”
― Charlotte Eriksson

“I’m going to follow this invisible red thread until I find myself again… until I finally figure out… who I’m meant to be.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“Never loose hope. Stay strong, you never know what tomorrow brings.”
― Magith Noohukhan

“The traumatized person is often relieved simply to learn the true name of her condition. By ascertaining her diagnosis, she begins the process of mastery. No longer imprisoned in the wordlessness of the trauma, she discovers that there is a language for her experience. She discovers that she is not alone; others have suffered in similar ways. She discovers further that she is not crazy; the traumatic syndromes are normal human responses to extreme circumstances. And she discovers, finally, that she is not doomed to suffer this condition indefinitely; she can expect to recover, as others have recovered...”
― Judith Lewis Herman

“How does one kill fear, I wonder? How do you shoot a spectre through the heart, slash off its spectral head, take it by its spectral throat?”
― Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim

“When the great ship containing the hopes and aspirations of the world, when the great ship freighted with mankind goes down in the night of death, chaos and disaster, I am willing to go down with the ship. I will not be guilty of the ineffable meanness of paddling away in some orthodox canoe. I will go down with the ship, with those who love me, and with those whom I have loved. If there is a God who will damn his children forever, I would rather go to hell than to go to heaven and keep the society of such an infamous tyrant. I make my choice now. I despise that doctrine. It has covered the cheeks of this world with tears. It has polluted the hearts of children, and poisoned the imaginations of men. It has been a constant pain, a perpetual terror to every good man and woman and child. It has filled the good with horror and with fear; but it has had no effect upon the infamous and base. It has wrung the hearts of the tender; it has furrowed the cheeks of the good. This doctrine never should be preached again. What right have you, sir, Mr. clergyman, you, minister of the gospel, to stand at the portals of the tomb, at the vestibule of eternity, and fill the future with horror and with fear? I do not believe this doctrine: neither do you. If you did, you could not sleep one moment. Any man who believes it, and has within his breast a decent, throbbing heart, will go insane. A man who believes that doctrine and does not go insane has the heart of a snake and the conscience of a hyena.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty Of Man, Woman And Child

“The morning was full of sunlight and hope.”
― Kate Chopin, The Awakening

“She bewitches you," Trevanion said. "And she is yours for the taking. Any fool can see that. So take her and get whatever needs to be gotten out of your system."
...
"Maybe you are right, Trevanion," he said, turning back to his father. "But it is her hope that bewitches me, and that hope I may never get out of my system, no matter how many times she's to be gotten. Can you not see it burning in her eyes? Does it not make you want to look away when you have none to give in return? Her hope fills me with... something other than this dull weight I wake with each morning.”
― Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock

“I cared about them. I wanted them to feel better, to live better lives. And then it occurred to me - I cared about myself. I wanted me to live a better life, too Caring about myself was allowing me to care about others.”
― Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved

“We’re a couple of shooting stars, Biggs, and we’ll never be stopped.”
― George Lucas, A New Hope

“The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.”
― Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish

“We hold our dreams and ideals close to our hearts, where the promises are made to the future generations.”
― John Rachel, A Long Night's Journey Into Daylight

“When the world caves in
Still my hope will cling
To Your promise
Where my courage ends
Let my heart find strength
In Your presence”
― Hillsong

“You have to go head, even if no one goes with you.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“Love is my inner strength and my power.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Yes, there is no good pretending, it is hard to leave everything.”
― Samuel Beckett, Molloy, Malone Dies, The Unnamable

“Three rules to obey!

1. Don't be over-impressed by your past glories!
2. Don't be scared by your future stories!
3. Be hopeful to get out of today's miseries!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365

“But only a person in the depths of despair neglected to look beyond winter to the spring that inevitably followed, bringing back color and life and hope.”
― Mary balogh, A Matter of Class

“I made a sorry face in response to such strong insistence, but I couldn’t believe him. Fantasies were exactly that―fantasies. Whimsy. Wishes. Mere castles in the sky without foundation or substance. Dreams didn’t come true. To believe so would be to believe falsely, to surrender to madness, to give in to an unreliable hope that would crush me once again as it always, always did!”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher

“The idea of immortality, that like a sea has ebbed and flowed in the human heart, with its countless waves of hope and fear, beating against the shores and rocks of time and fate, was not born of any book, nor of any creed, nor of any religion. It was born of human affection, and it will continue to ebb and flow beneath the mists and clouds of doubt and darkness as long as love kisses the lips of death. It is the rainbow – Hope shining upon the tears of grief.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll

“disappointment had to be postponed, hope kept alive as long as possible;”
― Graham Greene, The End of the Affair

“It is ignorance that is at times incomprehensible to the wise; for instance, he may not see 'the positive person' or 'the negative person' in such a black and white way as many people do. A wise man may not understand it because, as a catalyst of wisdom, but not always wise in his own eyes, even he can learn from and give back to fools. To think that an individual has absolutely nothing to offer to the table is counter-intuitively what the wise man considers to be 'the ignorance of hopelessness'.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“He wore his hope like a winter coat, layered over the top of all of him.”
― Cora Carmack, Losing It

“The merchants of hope will never go out of business”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana

“Aquí hay algo más que recordar: la esperanza te mantiene viva. Incluso cuando estás muerta, es lo único que te mantiene viva.”
― Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall

“To Hope

Oh, Hope! thou soother sweet of human woes!
How shall I lure thee to my haunts forlorn!
For me wilt thou renew the wither’d rose,
And clear my painful path of pointed thorn?
Ah come, sweet nymph! in smiles and softness drest,
Like the young hours that lead the tender year,
Enchantress! come, and charm my cares to rest:—
Alas! the flatterer flies, and will not hear!
A prey to fear, anxiety, and pain,
Must I a sad existence still deplore?
Lo!—the flowers fade, but all the thorns remain,
'For me the vernal garland blooms no more.'
Come then, 'pale Misery’s love!' be thou my cure,
And I will bless thee, who, tho’ slow, art sure.”
― Charlotte Turner Smith, The Poems of Charlotte Smith

“Worry looks back, Hope looks forward, but Faith always looks up.”
― Umair Naeem, Drowning Shadows

“A great ring of pure & endless light
Dazzles the darkness in my heart
And breaks apart the dusky clouds of night.
The end of all is hinted in the start.

When we are born we bear the seeds of blight;
Around us life & death are torn apart,
Yet a great ring of pure and endless light
Dazzles the darkness in my heart.

It lights the world to my delight.
Infinity is present in each part.
A loving smile contains all art.
The motes of starlight spark & dart.
A grain of sand holds power & might.
Infinity is present in each part,
And a great ring of pure and endless light
Dazzles the darkness in my heart.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, A Ring of Endless Light

“Even after centuries of human interacting, children still continue to rebel against their parents and siblings. Young marrieds look upon their in-laws and parents as obstacles to their independence and growth. Parents view their children as selfish ingrates. Husbands desert their wives and seek greener fields elsewhere. Wives form relationships with heroes of soap operas who vicariously bring excitement and romance into their empty lives. Workers often hate their bosses and co-workers and spend miserable hours with them, day after day. On a larger scale, management cannot relate with labour. Each accuses the other of unreasonable self-interests and narrow-mindedness. Religious groups often become entrapped, each in a provincial dogma resulting in hate and vindictiveness in the name of God. Nations battle blindly, under the shadow of the world annihilation, for the realization of their personal rights. Members of these groups blame rival groups for their continual sense of frustration, impotence, lack of progress and communication. We have obviously not learned much over the years. We have not paused long enough to consider the simple truth that we humans are not born with particular attitudinal sets regarding other persons, we are taught into them. We are the future generation's teachers. We are, therefore, the perpetrators of the confusion and alienation we abhor and which keeps us impotent in finding new alternatives. It is up to us to diligently discover new solutions and learn new patterns of relating, ways more conducive to growth, peace, hope and loving coexistence. Anything that is learned can be unlearned and relearned. In this process called change lies our real hope.”
― Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other

“And now that its ruby eyes are set into the gold, you cannot see their tear-shape, so they seem to be laughing rather than crying. It is a constant reminder to me of the human ability to create something beautiful even when things are at the darkest.”
― Cressida Cowell, How to Twist a Dragon's Tale

“One who has hope lives differently.”
― Pope Benedict XVI

“But whichever form it took it brought with it, in those moments of bitter anguish, such a desperate surge of hope that it was almost untouchable, and flitted away like a golden butterfly into the bright blue sky - beautiful, unreachable and completely transistent.”
― Tabitha Suzuma, A Note of Madness

“But that's just it; I can either focus on what I have lost, or what I have gained, and I choose the latter.”
― Angie Smith, Letting Go of Perfect: Women, Expectations, and Authenticity

“There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.”
― Orison Swett Marden

“People are just too hopeful, and sometimes hope is the biggest weapon of all to use against us. People will believe anything.”
― Edwidge Danticat, Krik? Krak!

“We are preaching hope, standing on the bones of the past.”
― John Rucyahana, The Bishop of Rwanda: Finding Forgiveness Amidst a Pile of Bones

“Hope is the companion of power, and mother of success; for who so hopes strongly has within him the gift of miracles.”
― Samuel Smiles

“I know how men in exile feed on dreams of hope.”
― Aeschylus

“Today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness and every tomorrow a vision of hope. Look well therefore to this day.”
― Francis Gray

“The living dead had taken more from us than land and loved ones. They'd robbed us of our confidence as the planet's dominant life form. We were a shaken, broken species, driven to the edge of extinction and grateful only for tomorrow with perhaps a little less suffering than today. Was this the legacy we would leave our children, a level of anxiety and self-doubt not seen since our simian ancestors cowered in the tallest trees? What kind of world would they rebuild? Would they rebuild at all? Could they continue to progress, knowing that they would be powerless to reclaim their future? And what if that future saw another rise of the living dead? Would our descendants rise to meet them in battle, or simply crumple in meek surrender and accept what they believe to be their inevitable extinction? For this alone, we had to reclaim our planet. We had to prove to ourselves that we could do it, and leave that proof as this war's greatest monument. The long, hard road back to humanity, or the regressive ennui of Earth's once-proud primates. That was the choice, and it had to be made now.”
― Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War

“What cracks had he left in their hearts? Did they love less now and settle for less in return, as they held onto parts of themselves they did not want to give and lose again? Or - and he wished this - did they love more fully because they had survived pain, so no longer feared it?”
― Andre Dubus, Dancing After Hours

“But hope, I can tell you, is an exhausting emotion; perhaps, along with fear, the most exhausting of all. It is like juggling eggs: the hope is the shell, and inside is despair. A single crack and the despair might spill everywhere, stain everything.”
― Sam Taylor

“When you Love.. you Expect.. Once u start Expecting.. u have Hope.. Hopes in return makes you to put Trust.. and Trust makes u prone to Betrayal.. and whn u r Betrayed.. Hell falls over U...!!!”
― Abhijeet Sawant

“[God] loves us because He is filled with an infinite measure of holy, pure, and indescribable love. We are important to God not because of our résumé but because we are His children. He loves every one of us, even those who are flawed, rejected, awkward, sorrowful, or broken. God's love is so great that He loves even the proud, the selfish, the arrogant, and the wicked.

What this means is that, regardless of our current state, there is hope for us. No matter our distress, no matter our sorrow, no matter our mistakes, our infinitely compassionate Heavenly Father desires that we draw near to Him so that He can draw near to us.”
― Dieter F. Uchtdorf

“Maybe the future is like rowing for shore. Your only choice is to try or give up.”
― Kristen Chandler, Wolves, Boys and Other Things That Might Kill Me

“Let the Lord your God be your hope – seek for nothing else from him, but let him himself be your hope. There are people who hope from him riches or perishable and transitory honours, in short they hope to get from God things which are not God himself.”
― Augustine of Hippo, Daily Readings with St. Augustine

“Keep your eyes on the future, because that's where the answers are. It's where the hope is.”
― Holly Cupala, Tell Me a Secret

“I kept reaching for my muses,
my wandering muses, floating
on clouds filled with their passions.”
(Muses of Wandering Passions, p. 64)”
― Chimnese Davids, Muses of Wandering Passions

“It's old, very old I think. Made up long ago in our hills. What my music teacher calls a mountain air. But the words are easy and soothing, promising tomorrow will be more hopeful than this awful piece of time we call today.”
― Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games

“She was a dreamer and a schemer & one didnt dream and scheme without hope.”
― Loretta Chase, Silk Is for Seduction

“Uncertainty is the refuge of hope.”
― Henri-Frédéric Amiel

“Oh, but I was an idiot. Wanting to be whatever magic she waited for, when I had no magic - only darkness or death to give. But it seemed in that one instant, when she turned to discover what was behind her, that I could have brought happiness to at least one mortal. Me and my dreams of goodness. I had always been a fool for them.”
― Krisi Keley, On the Soul of a Vampire

“You can never run from your past; it defines who you are today. But, use your Awo given intelligence and enjoy the future…because THAT only comes once.’ VAALBARA The Land of Shadows”
― Michelle Horst

“Action is what makes hope a reality.”
― Timothy M. Brenner

“I am forever grateful for not knowing—What would have been. WHAT WILL BE holds none of those bittersweet pangs and it is lit w joy.”
― Erica Goros

“When our dreams don’t come true, sometimes we can hand them down to our children and hope that they will come true for them. The joy can be immeasurable just the same.”
― Isabel Lopez, Isabel's Hand-Me-Down Dreams

“When Hope disappears ~ Faith steps in...”
― JerriFaye Thomason

“Because I don't think God trusts just anybody with so much heartache. The world has not yet seen what God can do with a man who gives both halves of a broken heart to him. And I don't doubt that a man like that can change the world...or at least a little part of it.”
― Chris Fabry, Almost Heaven

“The job facing American voters… in the days and years to come is to determine which hearts, minds and souls command those qualities best suited to unify a country rather than further divide it, to heal the wounds of a nation as opposed to aggravate its injuries, and to secure for the next generation a legacy of choices based on informed awareness rather than one of reactions based on unknowing fear.”
― Aberjhani, Illuminated Corners: Collected Essays and Articles Volume I.

“I do not know what is happening. The reason of my waking mind tells me that great evil has befallen and we stand at the end of days. But my heart says nay; and all my limbs are light, and a hope and joy are come to me that no reason can deny. [...] I do not believe that darkness will endure!”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“I have no word of yours to assure me that our brief friendship held for you the same significance it held for me, but I must go on believing so. Every hope of the future is meaningless unless I have faith that you and I will share it together.”
― Elizabeth George Speare, Calico Captive

“As I age in the world it will rise and spread,
and be for this place horizon
and orison, the voice of its winds.
I have made myself a dream to dream
of its rising, that has gentled my nights.
Let me desire and wish well the life
these trees may live when I
no longer rise in the mornings
to be pleased with the green of them
shining, and their shadows on the ground,
and the sound of the wind in them.”
― Wendell Berry

“Hope was always out ahead of fact, possibility obscured the outlines of reality.”
― Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose

“Everything you do is connected to who you are as a person and, in turn, creates the person you are becoming. Everything you do affects those you love. All of life is covenant.
Imbedded in the idea of prayer is a richly textured view of the world where all of life is organized around invisible bonds or covenants that knit us together. Instead of a fixed world, we live in our Father's world, a world built for divine relationships between people where, because of the Good News, tragedies become comedies and hope is born.”
― Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World

“You do not get what you wish for, unless it be known to the source of your desire.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“Death is more merciful than hope itself! There is nothing surprising in this, for death is divinely appointed, while hope is the creation of human folly. Both end in frustration. Am I destined to lead a life of endless frustration?
-(The Beginning and the End)”
― Naguib Mahfouz, بداية ونهاية

“Betsy was so full of joy that she had to be alone. She went upstairs to her bedroom and sat down on Uncle Keith's trunk. Behind Tacy's house the sun had set. A wind had sprung up and the trees, their color dimmed, moved under a brooding sky. All the stories she had told Tacy and Tib seemed to be dancing in those trees, along with all the stories she planned to write some day and all the stories she would read at the library. Good stories. Great stories. The classics. Not Rena's novels.”
― Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown

“Old folks live on memory, young folk live on hope.”
― Gayla Reid, All the Seas of the World

“The God I believe in believes in me and won’t silence my heart or others based on a paycheck at the end of the day.”
― Shannon Alder

“But love doesn't always generate hope. Anyone who has ever experienced love knows that you can have too much love or too little. You can have love that parches, love that defeats. You can have love measured out in the wrong proportions. It's like your sunlight and water--the wrong kind of love is just as likely to stifle hope as it is to nourish it.”
― Kevin Brockmeier, The Brief History of the Dead

“Now I think ultimately our hope is certainly that people can feel and taste the goodness of God and to find the salvation in Jesus's love and sacrifice. Sometimes the biggest barrier to that has been Christians and has been a Church that is numb to the poverty of the world or just sees our Christianity as a ticket into heaven while ignoring the hells of the world around us. And we're not willing to settle for that kind of Christianity. We believe in a kingdom that begins now and that the kingdom of God Jesus preached is not just something we're to go to when we die but that we're to bring down on earth as it is in heaven.”
― Shane Claiborne

“I really rarely meet someone with quality like this:
has great expectation and persistent efforts to earn it,
yet also had a high immunity against disappointment.
Jarang sekali aku bertemu orang dengan kualitas seperti ini:
memiliki harapan besar dan upaya gigih untuk mencapainya,
namun juga punya kekebalan yang tinggi terhadap kekecewaan.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Hope, how she had grown to hate the word. It was an insideious seed planted inside a person's soul, surviving covertly on little tending, then flowering so spectacularly that none could help but cherish it.”
― Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden

“Hope and faith underlie a promise,
and love energizes men to realize it.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“In tough and desperate times when your creativity begs to be birthed, loose the confines of the ground; stand up in your faith and walk atop the waves…”
― Stanice Anderson

“God is writing His story on the pages of our lives.”
― Rick Anderson

“Doubt is the ally of hope, not its enemy, and together they made all the blessing he had.”
― Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger

“The key is love
It is the gateway
To hope
To joy
To enhanced living
Love is the answer”
― Karen Hackel, The Whisper of Your Soul

“I hope Limitless.. and its this Limitless hope that pushes me forward to live this Life..!!!”
― Abhijeet Sawant

“When in darkness....strike a match”
― John Paul Warren

“I am planting a tree in this bomb crater to remind us that in the midst of death, there is life... and hope.”
― Robert Graetz

“The lovers of the world are the ones who matter. Forget the rest. Jesus was a lover. He doesn't hate anyone.”
― Scylar Tyberius, Sebastian the Great

“It’s like we have the bones of animals and the hearts of angels.”
― Baxter Clare Trautman, The River Within

“David’s mouth dripped open slowly. He stood with his heels dug into my carpet, a dashed hope, a broken dream. No amount of money could top the priceless look that gathered on his face like an unmade bed. His eyebrows crumpled and furrowed like disheveled sheets. His lips curled into an acidic smirk. Confusion and shock collided in the cornea of his dilated pupils. He was a B.B. King song, personified. His entire body sang the blues.”
― Brandi L. Bates, Quirk

“quote from Chase the Moon- Some people are just downright wicked, and sometimes evil wins - but not always.”
― Lynn Hubbard

“Don't ever lose hope because better days will come.”
― Ana Monnar

“It’s a truth I love you,
It’s a hope you do,
And may I live and die with it,
Not knowing that you don’t.”
― Dr. Amit Abraham

“Grief is an amputation, but hope is incurable haemophilia: you bleed and bleed and bleed. Like Schrödinger’s cat inside a box you can never ever open.”
― David Mitchell, Slade House

“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Your emotional state has a tremendous amount to do with sickness, health and well-being. For years, my husband and I lived on -- and because of -- hope. Hope continues to give me the mental strength to carry on.”
― Dana Reeve

“Free at last, he thought. Great God Almighty, I'm free at last. Then: I believe this is redemption. And it's good, isn't it? Quite good, indeed.”
― Stephen King, The Dark Tower

“I felt I could turn the earth upside down with my littlest finger. I wanted to dance, to fly in the air and kiss the sun and stars with my singing heart. I, alone with myself, was enjoying myself for the first time as with grandest company.”
― Anzia Yezierska, Bread Givers

“How many fears came between us?
Earthquakes, diseases, wars where hell
rained smoldering pus
from skies made of winged death.
Horror tore this world asunder.
While inside the bleeding smoke
and beyond the shredded weeping flesh
we memorized tales of infinite good.
--from The History Lesson”
― Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love

“...William Stegner...coined the term 'the geography of hope,' countering the argument that wilderness preservation served elites with the assertion that wilderness could be a place in which everyone could locate their hopefulness even if few actually entered it. ”
― Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics

“Christian hope frees us to act hopefully in the world. It enables us to act humbly and patiently, tackling visible injustices in the world around us without needing to be assured that our skill and our effort will somehow rid the world of injustice altogether. Christian hope, after all, does not need to see what it hopes for (Heb. 11:1); and neither does it require us to comprehend the end of history. Rather, it simply requires us to trust that even the most outwardly insignificant of faithful actions - the cup of cold water given to the child, the widow's mite offered at the temple, the act of hospitality shown to the stranger, none of which has any overall strategic socio-political significance so far as we can now see - will nevertheless be made to contribute in some significant way to the construction of God's kingdom by the action of God's creative and sovereign grace.”
― Craig M. Gay, The Way of the (Modern) World: Or, Why It's Tempting to Live As If God Doesn't Exist

“Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.”
― Langston Hughes

“Night always turns to day again as long as the sun shall rise, so shall it be for darkened dreams grown pale from compromise”
― Tracy L. Conway, I Wandered from New Orleans: Poems from the South

“I used to believe my art had to be about the things that brought me joy and gave me hope. But I learned that art can be found in all of life, even in pain. --Valentine, while in Italy (pg 267)”
― Adriana Trigiani, Very Valentine

“My hope for the future, not just in the music industry, but in every young girl I meet…is that they all realize their worth and ask for it.”
― Taylor Swift

“Give it air & let the scar on your soul reveal itself, because, like the body, it too was made to heal itself.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Move on, sky is not limit, wind can touch you, water can dip you, mother will care you, wife will nurture you and above all, oneday you will see your child following, up above the sky; you became a star, twinkling, watching and waiting to come back again, on earth.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“He had that sense, or inward prophecy,-- which a young man had better never have been born than not to have, and a mature man had better die at once than utterly to relinquish,-- that we are not doomed to creep on forever in the old bad way, but that, this very now, there are harbingers abroad of a golden era, to be accomplished in his own lifetime.”
― Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables

“That’s the problem with letting the light in—after it’s been taken away from you, it feels even darker than it was before.
 ”
― Kim Liggett, The Grace Year

“what once cause catastrophe in my life has now become the catalyst for my direction.”
― Nikki Rowe

“If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Every story has four parts: the beginning, the middle, the almost-ending, and the true ending. Unfortunately, not everyone gets a true ending. Most people give up at the part of the story where things are the worst, when the situation feels hopeless, but that is where hope is needed most. Only those who persevere can find their true ending.”
― Stephanie Garber, Finale

“We love with all our heart but we also keep our heart light and pliable. It has space. It breathes. It waits on life to give instructions. It sings with sweetness when the winds are soft and warm. It stands with calm patience when the storm is brewing. It lets go when endings have left their irrefutable mark. It moves. It heals. It hopes.”
― Donna Goddard

“Be strong. Even when you can't be.”
― Saim .A. Cheeda

“May you find the strength of will and the grace of endurance to overcome every challenge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“He who makes fun of a short and fat man’s weight is much less cruel than he who makes fun of his height.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Consistent, Timely encouragement has the staggering magnetic power to draw an immortal soul to the God of Hope. The one whose name is Wonderful Counselor.”
― Charles Swindall

“With positive attitude, you can graciously overcome every adversity.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“With hope, we can endure any hardship.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“In any situation, there is a sacred-solution.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“He told me once it was cruel to give hope where none should be.”
― Victoria Aveyard, King's Cage

“If we want a better world, we must never cease to think about what kind of world we want... and we must not be afraid to do whatever it takes to make the world the way it should be. It is not enough just to talk. We must act!”
― Kate Forsyth, The Beast's Garden

“We must always remember that it is the things of the spirit that in the end prevail. That caring counts. That where there is no vision, people perish. That hope and faith count, and that without charity there can be nothing good. That by daring to live dangerously, we are learning to live generously. And that by believing in the inherent goodness of man, we may ... 'stride forward into the unknown with growing confidence.”
― John Gilbert Winant

“If ever I was running, it was towards you.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“I love him in ways that I can’t explain to other people. They don’t understand… it’s not their fault.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“I really believe that there is an invisible red thread tied between him and me, and that it has stretched and tangled for years — across oceans and lifetimes. I know that it won’t break because our souls are tied.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“I could watch him do this until morning — never asking questions and never interrupting his work. I worship quietly — his intense focus and attention to detail and then, out of no where, I realize the inconvenient, inappropriate truth: ‘I love this man… and it has swallowed me.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“I just want your voice aimed at me again. I want to absorb the direction of your eyes…”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“Everything hurts right now and nothing is helping because as the pain is getting worse — so is the love.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“It is stupid to hope, but sometimes hope is all you have.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls

“I want you to trust yourself, baby. Love is all that matters and you’ve always known that. You’ve known, since you were a very little girl, what your life is meant to be about…”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“There are still Ava Maddoxes to find and sets to create and girls to kiss and colleges to attend. It's possible that someday I will hear a patsy Cline song and the heartbreak will barely register. It will be some distant, buried feeling. I won't remember how much it once hurt.”
― Nina LaCour, Everything Leads to You

“I can still bring into my body the joy I felt at seeing the first trillium of spring, which seemed to be telling me, "Never give up hope, spring will come.”
― Jessica Stern, Denial: A Memoir of Terror

“When the door of opportunity of your storehouse opens for you, let faith and hope enter first. When your faith leads the way, you will locate the source of your hidden treasures.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Once I knew the depth where no hope was, and darkness lay on the face of all things... But a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.”
― Helen Keller, Optimism

“The child was slender as fleeting hope.”
― William Peter Blatty, The Exorcist

“Many were the steps taken in doubt, that saw their shapeless ends in no time. Those who travail in faith today will truimph in joy tomorrow. Let faith lead the way.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Her shoes were comfortable. They reflected her hope for the evening.”
― William Peter Blatty, The Exorcist

“It would still be a long way until she was completely free, but the door had been cracked open and a smidgen of hope broke through the darkness.”
― J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret

“There is nothing more powerful than truth. It is undeniable and should always be appreciated. The truth gives you unlimited freedom to be who you are and express how you feel. The truth offers you peace of mind which is something we all love.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“As long as they could still be moved by a minor chord, or brought to a crisis of tears by scenes of lovers reunited; as long as there was room in their cautious hearts for games of chance, and laughter in the face of God, that must surely be enough to save them, at the last. If not, there was no hope for any living thing.”
― Clive Barker, Weaveworld

“Maybe what River had meant was that time itself was like a river, moving steadily forward, and you got to be in a new river every day, every hour. All my life I'd felt like a lake. A lake where everyhting was contained, forever. All my experiences, all the different people I'd been, everything I'd had, everything I'd lost...I carried them around with me, all the time”
― Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved

“Accept that what you see is what you'll get. Once your relationship becomes firmly established, your partner's personality and the way in which [he or] she treats you will most likely be what your future together will look like. Staying with a partner whom you hope will change usually results in disappointment.”
― Mary C. Lamia, The White Knight Syndrome: Rescuing Yourself from Your Need to Rescue Others

“The need in me beautiful is to look back on you forever!!”
― Abhijeet Sawant

“I'll look to the cross
As my failure is lost
In the light of
Your glorious grace”
― Hillsong

“And when I raised myself to look at the man who’d spoken, I had a feeling of leaving my misery behind me there on the stone wall.”
― Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha

“No matter how hard it is, or how hard it gets, don't ever, ever, ever lose hope!”
― Jim Yackel, The Wayfarers | Walking Dreams

“Rafe made people find something in themselves...(he) made me dream, he saw what I could hope to be, and helped me hope it. He did that to everyone he knew - especially the ones he knew the best." - Danny”
― Randall Wallace, Pearl Harbor

“Hope is magic. Hope is a gift. Hope is a raft we cling to in the midst of a storm. Hope by nature is an independent of logic. Hope is power outside of the facts.
The human mind longs for something better. Hope is not rational. Yet who need rationality when God is on our side? The capacity of hope is the most significant fact in life.”
― Tommy Tran

“I decided I would not go to court to have my mother declared incompetent, I would not fight. I put the car in drive and hit the gas. I felt as if I'd jumped off a sinking ship and was in a life raft with my little girl, my face turned away from the horror, rowing, rowing, as fast and as hard as I could in the opposite direction.”
― Kaylie Jones, Lies My Mother Never Told Me: A Memoir

“Hope-that unshakable golden belief that things can get better- is why I'm here talking to you now. Without it, we are nothing.”
― Alexander Gordon Smith

“Try to see the good in all things...”
― M. Howson

“Let the ruins come to life
In the beauty of Your name
Rising up from the ashes
God forever You reign”
― Hillsong

“The idea of the future, pregnant with an infinity of possibilities, is thus more fruitful than the future itself, and this is why we find more charm in hope than in possession, in dreams than in reality.”
― Henri Bergson, Time and Free Will

“And in that moment, everything I knew to be true about myself up until then was gone. I was acting like another woman, yet I was more myself than ever before.”
― Robert James Waller, The Bridges of Madison County

“The devil, darkness, and death may swagger and boast, the pangs of life will sting for a while longer, but don't worry; the forces of evil are breathing their last. Not to worry...He's risen!”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“The days passed in a dream. I pictured our reunion again and again, played it out in my mind over and over until I’d almost worn a groove in my thoughts, so deep that it seemed the only thing I could think of was our reunion. Anticipation is a gift. Perhaps there is none greater. Anticipation is born of hope. Indeed it is hope’s finest expression. In hope’s loss, however, is the greatest despair.”
― Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell

“When you know that everything matters—that every move counts as much as any other—you will begin living a life of permanent purpose.”
― Andy Andrews

“Even if times got bad, he would never again deny himself the possibility that the future might be happy even if the present was painful. He would allow himself dreams.”
― Suzanne Collins, Gregor the Overlander

“Yet some men say in many parts of England that King Arthur is not dead, but had by the will of our Lord Jesu into another place; and men say that he shall come again, and he shall win the holy cross.”
― Thomas Malory, Le Morte d'Arthur

“The cake had a trick candle that wouldn't go out, so I didn't get my wish. Which was just that it would always be like this, that my life could be a party just for me.”
― Janet Fitch, White Oleander

“My theory is that hope is a form of madness. A benevolent one, sure, but madness all the same. Like an irrational superstition--broken mirrors and so forth--hope's not based on any kind of logic, it's just unfettered optimism, grounded in nothing but faith in things beyond our control.”
― Benjamin Wood, The Bellwether Revivals

“The true Christian can nurture a trustful optimism, because he is certain of not walking alone. In sending us Jesus, the eternal Son made man, God has drawn near to each of us. In Christ he has become our travelling companion.”
― Pope John Paul II

“Even amongst fierce flames/ The golden lotus can be planted.”
― Bhagavid-Gita

“It doesn't matter where you've been, only where you are going.”
― L.M. Fields

“Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up”
― Benny Bellamacina

“What will happen will happen. There is time for miracles until there is no more time, but time has no end.”
― Dean Koontz, Velocity

“Fortunately Jesus didn't leave [the disciples]-or any of us-without hope or direction. Where we fail, Jesus succeeded. The only One who as able to recognize and follow His purpose from the beginning was Jesus. He alone was able to obey consistently and please God completely. And His divine mission was to make a way for each of us to do the same.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“But try to remember that a good man can never die. You will see your brother many times again-in the streets, at home, in all the places of the town. The person of a man may go, but the best part of him stays. It stays forever.”
― William Saroyan

“There are two kinds of hope: the kind you couldn't do anything about and the kind you could. And even if the kind you could do something about wasn't what you'd originally wanted, it was still worth doing. A rainy day is better than no day. A small happiness can make a big sadness less sad.”
― Rachel Simon, The Story of Beautiful Girl

“Every goal first started as something in our mind. You have it all within you!”
― Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!

“Healing Follows Forgiveness”
― Pat Bluth

“Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions.”
― Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf

“We need to shed our unearthly and nonsocial and idealistic and romantic and uber-spiritual visions of kingdom and get back to what Jesus meant. By kingdom, Jesus means: God's Dream Society on earth, spreading out from the land of Israel to encompass the whole world.”
― Scot McKnight, One.Life: Jesus Calls, We Follow

“One factor that makes human being reluctant to have hope is the fear of disappointment.
Do not be afraid of disappointment! The more you afraid of it, the smaller your expectation.
Face and overcome the disappointment, even though it felt bitter in soul and pain in body.
If you go through and pass it, then your soul and body will be stronger than previous level.
When hope emerged, change will occur because of that, both in your soul and in your body.
Fear of disapointment is a main enemy of good hope and great change within the human being.
Only by facing and overcoming the fear of disapointment, man will become stronger and wiser.
~
Salah satu faktor yang membuat manusia enggan untuk berharap adalah rasa takut akan kecewa.
Jangan takut dengan kekecewaan! Semakin engkau takut menghadapinya, semakin kecil pengharapanmu.
Hadapi dan lawanlah rasa kecewa, meskipun terasa pahit di jiwa dan terasa sakit di tubuh.
Jika engkau mampu dan lulus, maka jiwa dan tubuhmu akan lebih kuat dari kondisi sebelumnya.
Ketika harapan muncul, perubahan akan terjadi, baik dalam jiwa maupun dalam tubuh manusia.
Rasa takut akan kecewa adalah musuh utama pengharapan yang baik dan perubahan yang agung dalam diri manusia.
Hanya dengan menghadapi dan melalui rasa takut akan kecewa, seseorang dapat menjadi lebih kuat dan bijaksana.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Staring at a world too horrible to comprehend, believing -- by dint of ignorance and innocence -- that beneath this unbearable contract of guilt and blame there is always an older contract that may bind and release in a more salutary way.”
― Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West

“To get where you want to be, you must first know where you are.”
― Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!

“His will be done, as done it surely will be, whether we humble ourselves to resignation or not. The impulse of creation forwards it; the strength of powers, seen and unseen, has its fulfillment in charge. Proof of a life to come must be given. In fire and in blood, if needful, must that proof be written. In fire and in blood do we trace the record throughout nature. In fire and in blood does it cross our own experience. Sufferer, faint not through terror of this burning evidence. Tired wayfarer, gird up thy loins, look upward, march onward. Pilgrims and brother mourners, join in friendly company. Dark through the wilderness of this world stretches the way for most of us: equal and steady be our tread; be our cross our banner. For staff we have His promis, whose 'word is tried, whose way perfect": for present hope His providence, 'who gives the shield of salvation, whose gentleness makes great'; for final home His bosom, who 'dwells in the height of Heaven'; for crowning prize a glory exceeding and eternal. Let us so run that we may obtain: let us endure hardness as good soldiers; let us finish our course, and keep the faith, reliant in the issue to come off more than conquerors: 'Art though not from everlasting mine Holy One? WE SHALL NOT DIE!”
― Charlotte Brontë

“There have been bleak nights along my way, many of my own making, but life is all the brighter for them now. To the human eye, without the darkness there are no stars.”
― Sumangali Morhall, Auspicious Good Fortune: One woman's inspirational journey from Western disillusionment to Eastern spiritual fulfilment

“Give up isn't going to help
Keep going on will help”
― Kristopher Morris

“You may find that knowledge is not so great a thing as belief or hope.”
― Mark Rude, The Gold Cat’s Daughter

“Bad art has the power to deform a people just as good art generates new reflection, growth, vision, and hope.”
― Michel O'Brien

“Life is not kind. Who are you trying to kid, Kendall?” He sighed.”
― Holly Hood, Heart of Gypsies

“Nevertheless, in this sea of human wretchedness and malice there bloomed at times compassion, as a pale flower blooms in a putrid marsh.”
― Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness

“…told herself likewise not to hope. But it was too late. Hope had already entered…”
― Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility

“You think you're paying your dollar for a chance at the $6.2 million jackpot on Saturday, but really you're paying for the pleasure of the car ride home, deciding which credit card to pay off first and where your kid will suddenly be able to go to college.”
― Kelly Braffet

“Man must use what he has, not hope for what is not.”
― G.I. Gurdjieff

“Farming is a profession of hope”
― Brian Brett

“To travel hopefully is better than to have arrived.”
― Robert Louis Stevenson

“If there is nothing new under the sun, at least the sun itself is always new, always re-creating itself out of its own inexhaustible fire.”
― Michael Sims, Apollo's Fire: A Day on Earth in Nature and Imagination

“Children are the world's most valuable resource and its best hope for the future.”
― John F. Kennedy

“I wonder if it's like this for mountain climbers, he thought. You climb bigger and bigger mountains and you know that one day one of them is going to be just that bit too steep. But you go on doing it, because it’s so-o good when you breathe the air up there. And you know you'll die falling.”
― Terry Pratchett, Going Postal

“A King and Queen cannot support a crown with eyes looking down. Their universe expands as far as you can see.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“I think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, too, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare to the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?”
― Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go

“...[M]y inner self moved; my spirit shook its always-fettered wings half loose. I had a sudden feeling as if I, who never yet truly lived, were at last about to taste life.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Villette

“The willingness to undertake such action cannot be based on certainties, but on those possibilities glimpsed in a reading of history different from the customary painful recounting of human cruelties. In such a reading we can find not only war but resistance to war, not only injustice but rebellion against injustice, not only selfishness but self-sacrifice, not only silence in the fact of tyranny but defiance, not only callousness but compassion.

Human beings show a broad spectrum of qualities, but it is the worst of these that are usually emphasized, and the result, too often, is to dishearten us, diminish our spirit. And yet, historically, that spirit refuses to surrender.”
― Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times

“Sister - if all this is true, what could I do or undo?”
― Sophocles, Antigone

“It's a very cheery thing to come into London by any of these lines which run high and allow you to look down upon the houses like this."

I thought he was joking, for the view was sordid enough, but he soon explained himself.

"Look at those big, isolated clumps of buildings rising up above the slates, like brick islands in a lead-coloured sea."

"The board-schools."

"Light-houses, my boy! Beacons of the future! Capsules with hundreds of bright little seeds in each, out of which will spring the wiser, better England of the future.”
― Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I

“If you wish success in life, make perseverance you bosom friend, experience your wise councellor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.”
― Joseph Addison, The Spectator

“He couldn’t look back at the children. He couldn’t think of it. All he could do was watch the eyes of his wife.

He pulled her to him, her body soft, her skin warm. She was life, she was his. He took her lips and tasted his freedom once more. The subtle tenderness. The hope hidden in joined breath. He took it into himself. Soaking in the peace that came with it.

And even as the rustling began he felt still, he felt calm. Scratching and scrapping within the stones, and the rustle of wings. But all Eli knew was the nature of love.”
― Rachel A. Marks, Distant Passages - Volume 2: More of the Best Short Stories and Poetry from Double-Edged Publishing

“The truest of all truths is this: You are a child of God. Out of more than six billion people on earth now, He knows your name, what you fear and what you revere. He cares about the things you care about. He wants your happiness and success, and will reach to the farthest corner of the universe to see that you obtain your noblest dreams.”
― Toni Sorenson

“لا شيء يجي مُتأخراً إلا عللته الأقدار بأسباب حكيمة ~”
― محمد حسن علوان

“The strong lines of the woman's
face bespoke hard-won wisdom and courage, and somehow that made watching
her more difficult. If such a woman could be defeated by Elantris, what hope was there for Raoden?”
― Brandon Sanderson, Elantris

“Please don't take my wings...”
― Randall Wallace, Pearl Harbor

“There is a great deal of ruin in a nation.”
― Adam Smith, Correspondence

“The Imagination merely enables us to wander into the darkness of the unknown where, by the dim light of the knowledge we carry, we may glimpse something that seems of interest. But when we bring it out and examine it more closely it usually proves to be only trash whose glitter had caught our attention. Imagination is at once the source of all hope and inspiration but also of frustration. To forget this is to court despair.”
― William Ian Beardmore Beveridge, The Art of Scientific Investigation

“We can ast for comfort and hope and patience and courage . . . and we’ll git what we ast for. They ain’t no gar’ntee thet we ain’t go’n have no troubles and ain’t go’n die. But shore as frogs croak and cows bellow, God’ll forgive us if’n we ast Him to.”
― Olive Ann Burns

“Darling it may be a long time before we see one another again. But I want you to know. Every time I’ve said I love you- I meant it. There’s no two ways about it. The crew was talking about what’s ahead of us, but we all agreed on one thing. We’re coming back.”
― Kara Martinelli, My Very Dearest Anna

“Faith without a measure of doubt ain't worth a brass farthin'.”
― Howard Frank Mosher, Walking to Gatlinburg

“In life there are good and bad situations. But when you are down in the valley looking up at the mountain, sometimes you realize that you can see the stars a little clearer. You realize what's truly important and you know exactly what must be done to keep it just like it is.”
― Jennifer Varnadore

“What if it rained or you felt a bit glandy? It just wasn't practical. Better by far to simply try and be good and courageous and bold and to make a difference. Not change the world exactly, but the bit around you.”
― David Nicholls, One Day

“In closing, I hope everything helps show that I wouldn’t be a fade-out or a person who turns to think to drink or dope when things get tough. I believe that anything is possible if you have the combination of love for what you’re doing and the will to sit down and not get up until it’s done….”
― Kaye Gibbons, The Life All Around Me By Ellen Foster

“You can curse the moon
Curse the day your’re born
But the pilot of your plane is you
We’re all in this world, by a greater plan
Look up, lift your wings, Because you can
The Light Said (The First Song album)”
― Phyllis Wheaton

“Unfortunates, who ought to begin with God, do not have any hope in him till they have exhausted all other means of deliverance.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“Seen politically, systems follow one another, each consuming the previous one. They live on ever-bequeathed and ever-disappointed hope, which never entirely fades. Its spark is all that survives, as it eats its way along the blasting fuse. For this spark, history is merely an occasion, never a goal.”
― Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil

“Should the king in exile pretend he is happy there?

Should he not seek his own country?

His miseries are his ally; they urge him on. Let them grow, if need be. But do not forsake the secret of life; do not despise those kingly desires. We abandon the most important journey of our lives when we abandon desire. We leave our hearts by the side of the road and head off in the direction of fitting in, getting by, being productive, what have you. Whatever we might gain – money, position, the approval of others, or just absence of the discontent self – it’s not worth it.”
― John Eldredge, The Journey of Desire: Searching for the Life We Always Dreamed of

“Dear refuge of my weary soul,
On thee, when sorrows rise,
On thee, when waves of trouble roll,
My fainting hope relies.”
― Anne Steele

“Hope is a straw hat hanging beside a window covered with frost.”
― Margaret George, Mary Queen of Scotland and The Isles

“Would that death were like this. Would that one would sleep and sleep and sleep forever.”
― Anne Rice

“Then hope unlooked-for came so suddenly to Eomer's heart, and with it the bite of care and fear renewed, that he said no more, but turned and went swiftly from the hall.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“(Ezekial saw the wheel
(Way up in the middle of the air --
(O Ezekial saw the wheel
(Way in the middle of the air!

(Now the big wheel runs by faith
(And the little wheel runs by the grace of God --

(The above made up by professional hope experts, you might say, because willful, voluntary, intentional hope was the only kind they had in anything like long supply. Faith is not, contrary to the usual ideas, something that turns out to be right or wrong, like a gambler's bet; it's an act, an intention, a project, something that makes you, in leaping into the future, go so far, far, far ahead that you shoot clean out of Time and right into Eternity, which is not the end of time or a whole lot of time or unending time, but timelessness, that old Eternal Now. So that you end up living not in the future ((in your intentional "act of faith")) but in the present. After all.

(Courage is willful hope.)”
― Joanna Russ, On Strike Against God

“If I were a character in one of my books, I'd be the optimistic one, believing the best and urging others to do the same.”
― Stacy Hawkins Adams, Dreams That Won't Let Go

“There's no guarantee of disaster-free in any world religion,
but love, faith and knowledge give men hope and willpower.”
― Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident], My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“I think at the heart of so much restlessness of the day is a spiritual vacuum. There is a yearning for meaningful lives, a yearning for values we can commonly embrace. I hear an almost inaudible but pervasive discontent with the price we pay for our current materialism. And I hear a fluttering of hope that there might be more to life than bread and circuses.”
― Bill Moyes

“Crime, violence, infamy are not tragedy. Tragedy occurs when a human soul awakes and seeks, in suffering and pain, to free itself from crime, violence, infamy, even at the cost of life. The struggle is the tragedy - not defeat or death. That is why the spectacle of tragedy has always filled men, not with despair, but with a sense of hope and exaltation.”
― Whittaker Chambers, Witness

“But if you ask me what I remember (about 1945),
I will say it was the year Franklin D. Roosevelt died and I got one of his flowers.
I will tell you that yellow rose give me the courage to do the right thing even if it was hard.
I will say it was the time in my life when I learned all of us is fragile as a mimosa blossom.
But the miracle of all is,
When push comes to shove, we can be just as tough as Hickory.
It mostly hurts at first. After a while it starts to feel better.”
― Joyce Moyer Hostetter, Blue

“The thought of our past years in me doth breed Perpetual benediction: not indeed For that which is most worthy to be blest— Delight and liberty, the simple creed Of Childhood, whether busy or at rest, With new-fledged hope still fluttering in his breast.”
― William Wordsworth

“Don't you feel as though you could love everything starting tomorrow, and everything could love you, if only you took an action to set into motion the coming of our new tomorrow and its tomorrow and that one's tomorrow? Shotgun loaded hand on the pump and no matter who you damage you're still a false prophet, but we drink chocolate milk and then we get muscles and smash down the droves with fists like hammers and then we pump the fists in the air for victory. I be the prophet of the doom that is you. You are the mess in messiah.”
― Adam Levin, The Instructions

“when you live forever and don't age, it gives you time to hope”
― Laurell K. Hamilton

“...the best Evil Plan offers something much more for people--a chance to buy into an idea that matters, and share it with people who matter to them.”
― Hugh MacLeod, Evil Plans: Having Fun on the Road to World Domination

“I had learned that every patient has the right to hope, despite long odds, and it was my role to help nurture that hope.”
― Jerome Groopman, MD

“He can't have gone, he said "Christ know he can't have gone. He's making a turn. Maybe he has been hooked before and her remembers something of it." The he felt the gentle touch on the line and he was happy.”
― Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea

“There I was, waiting, afraid I’d never experience the kind of joy yet to come, but hoping for it just the same.”
― Elizabeth Berg, The Year of Pleasures

“But, oh, when gloomy doubts prevail,
I fear to call thee mine;
The springs of comfort seem to fail,
And all my hopes decline.
Yet, gracious God, where shall I flee?
Thou art my only trust;
And still my soul would cleave to thee,
Though prostrate in the dust.”
― Anne Steele

“Gerisik angan dan deru lembut laju harapan.
Waktu itu adalah menit-menit akhir menjelang malam di Bukit Angin. Daun-daun berwarna-warni dalam berbagai wujud melayang ke langit dan berkumpul mengelilingi puncak pusaran angin. Di sana, di balik awan, beradalah studio Sang Pelukis.”
― Fredrik Nael, Fantasy Fiesta 2010: Antologi Cerita Fantasi Terbaik 2010

“... omniscience about life and death is not within a physician's purview. A doctor should never write off a person a priori.”
― Jerome Groopman, MD, The Anatomy of Hope: How People Prevail in the Face of Illness

“hope had become despair, protestors had become terrorists, love had become sex, music had become noise, and us had become me.”
― Susan R. Sloan, Guilt by Association

“Many are less fortunate than you’ may not be a roof to live under, but it will serve to retire beneath in the event of a shower.”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg

“Impending doom, it was a familiar sweater, we all wore it and as scratchy as it felt against our skin, we kept it on.”
― Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise

“We hope that we will live only because we must be with God, as alive as He is.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Don’t hope you will receive help from the words of life because they all bring you to death.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Imagine a man who doesn't believe in anything, hope for anything, doesn't love anyone. This is a description of a dead or paralyzed soul. This happens from great grief, or from an unhappy upbringing when parents make from their children's souls paralytics.”
― Simon Soloveychik

“Non ricordavo più se in passato mi fosse già accaduto, ma nell'affrontare il buio che ognuno ha dentro di sé dopo una ferita profonda, distrutta dalla stanchezza, all'improvviso un'energia sconosciuta aveva cominciato a riemergere.”
― Banana Yoshimoto, Asleep

“People die from lack of shared empathy and affinity. By establishing social connectedness, we give hope a chance and the other can become heaven. ( "Le ciel c'est l'autre" )”
― Erik Pevernagie

“সময় শোকের চেয়ে বলশালী। শোক তীরভূমি, সময় জাহ্নবী। সময় শোকের ওপর পলি ফেলে আর পলি ফেলে। তারপর একদিন প্রকৃতির অমোঘনিয়ম অনুযায়ী, সময়ের পলিতে চাপা পড়া শোকের ওপর ছোট ছোট অঙ্কুরের আঙুল বেরোয়।
অঙ্কুর। আশার-দুঃখের-চিন্তার-বিদ্বেষের।
আঙুলগুলো ওপরে ওঠে, আকাশ খামচায়।
সময় সব পারে।”
― Mahasweta Devi, Mother of 1084

“I had turned away from the picture and was going back to the world where events move, men change, light flickers, life flows in a clear stream, no matter whether over mud or over stones.”
― Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim

“I should have been bolder and kissed her at the end. I should have been more cautious. I had talked too much. I had said too little.”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind

“If you're jealous of someone else it simply means you have not come to a true acceptance and appreciation of yourself.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“Embrace every new day with gratitude, hope and love.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.
Third should come understanding.
Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.”
― Hyrum Yeakley

“You only feel powerless because your fear has given your power to the object of your fear. Once you realise this, you can claim it back.”
― Kamand Kojouri

“I would fight every angel between us until God said, "Yes.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“With God, brokenness is nothing more than the stage upon which the impossible is about to happen.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Be open about your thoughts, ideas, and desires and you will be right with your decisions.”
― Auliq Ice

“Do you have any idea how frightening it is to care for someone who dreams? They infect you with their optimism. And soon you start to dream together. You begin to dare to hope.”
― Lee Winter, The Red Files

“Endure to the very end.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“I'm not singing for the future
I'm not dreaming of the past
I'm not talking of the fist time
I never think about the last”
― Shane MacGowan

“La esperanza es como la sal, no alimenta pero da sabor al pan.”
― José Saramago, Seeing

“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style”
― Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today

“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“I didn't know that I've completely left them all in the past. There's a part of me, wishing and hoping, that she would come back for me, and we would start a new life together, but she didn't.”
― Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight

“You are too full of your own hopes to hold anyone else's.”
― Joe Abercrombie, Half a War

“When you're completely lost, when you have no idea what comes next or why things are happening, faith is what gets you through. Even if you're not sure what you believe, you keep doing the things you know in your heart are the right things. That is faith, Carter. It's not the absence of questions. It's continuing, day in and day out, in spite of those questions.”
― Vannetta Chapman, Light of Dawn

“Lui diceva: «Il futuro sarà migliore, in futuro saremo liberi». E io allora non capivo, gli dicevo: «Nonno che vuol dire liberi, che cos’è la libertà?» E lui abbassava la testa e diventava triste e poi diceva: «È una cosa dei grandi, la libertà».”
― Francesca Mannocchi, Io Khaled vendo uomini e sono innocente

“One spiritual writer has observed that human beings are born with two diseases: life, from which we die; and hope, which says the first disease is not terminal. Hope is built into the structure of our personalities, into the depths of our unconscious; it plagues us to the very moment of our death. The critical question is whether hope is self-deception, the ultimate cruelty of a cruel and tricky universe, or whether it is just possibly the imprint of reality.”
― Brennan Manning, The Relentless Tenderness of Jesus

“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“Life is about celebrating uniqueness, diversity, and then bringing it all together like the varied colors of a rainbow. Different yet connected.”
― hlbalcomb

“We cherish all the past, we glide a-down the present, awake yet dreaming; but the future of ours together—there the bird sings loudest, and the sun shines always there...”
― Emily Dickinson, Emily Dickinson: Letters

“Through Christ, the sting of death is but a gentle pinch to the soul; and the mourn is light. Perhaps, someday, in that glorious place, free of sin, we shall meet again.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Alle disse skæbner. Vi er så forgængelige, vi mennesker. Når vi er børn, skuer vi ind i evigheden; når vi ældes, ser vi tilbage og ved at det kun var et fingerknips, et glimt i tiden, at vore dage var som regndråber der falder i havet.”
― Mich Vraa, Faith

“Southern California, which is shaped somewhat like a coffin, is a giant sanatorium with flowers where people come to be cured of life itself in whatever way .... This is the last stop before the sun gives up and sinks into the black, black ocean, and night - usually starless here - comes down.”
― John Rechy

“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
― Compton Gage

“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
― Rashedur Ryan Rahman

“Past and Present I know well; each is a friend and sometimes an enemy to me. But it is the quiet, beckoning Future, an absolute stranger, with whom I have fallen madly in love.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons

“I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“Your personal truth is your gift to the world.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“You never know who you're inspiring or uninspiring. People notice more than you think.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“But our wishes are like tinder: the flint and steel of circumstances are continually striking out sparks, which vanish immediately, unless they chance to fall upon the tinder of our wishes; then, they instantly ignite, and the flame of hope is kindled in a moment.”
― Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey

“Hope is holding on to the promises of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, The Wings of Hope: Survivor

“Though I myself am an atheist, I openly profess religion in the sense just mentioned, that is, a nature religion. I hate the idealism that wrenches man out of nature; I am not ashamed of my dependency on nature; I openly confess that the workings of nature affect not only my surface, my skin, my body, but also my core, my innermost being, that the air I breathe in bright weather has a salutary effect not only on my lungs but also on my mind, that the light of the sun illumines not only my eyes but also my spirit and my heart. And I do not, like a Christian, believe that such dependency is contrary to my true being or hope to be delivered from it. I know further that I am a finite moral being, that I shall one day cease to be. But I find this very natural and am therefore perfectly reconciled to the thought.”
― Ludwig Feuerbach, Lectures on the Essence of Religion

“Be thankful for a breath of fresh air to be alive and well. Allow love and happiness to penetrate throughout your mind and soul. Take time to relax and live in the moment, the now, the present. Enjoy today.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“...maybe she's a slut because she's lonely, she's sad, she's hoping someone or something will make the lonely and sad go away.

It won't, of course. It never does. But nonetheless, there's not a girl who's more hopeful than a slut, more optimistic. She may give in but she doesn't give up. She keeps looking, she keeps hoping, she's always waiting for that someone who will say it: I love you, too.”
― Diana Joseph, I'm Sorry You Feel That Way: The Astonishing But True Story of a Daughter, Sister, Slut, Wife, Mother, and Friend to Man and Dog

“Although I'm an atheist, I try not to crap all over people's belief in God. It may be nothing more than a placebo, a fairy tale that gives the hopeless hope, but sometimes a little hope is all people need to get through the day. Imagine a unit of soldiers under heavy enemy fire. They are told by their superiors to hold their position, even in the face of overwhelming fire power. The soldiers are being told that reinforcements are on the way, and that thought alone gives them the hope and courage to continue fighting, even if ultimately the reinforcements never arrive. I think some people simply need to believe that God is sending them reinforcements, to get through another day.”
― Oliver Gaspirtz

“My mother is my friend
Who shares with me her bread
All my hopelessness cured!
Her company makes me secured!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes

“Pray each morning and each night.
Talk to God and be polite.
Tell Him what you're grateful for.
Leave your troubles at His door.

Share your wishes, needs, and hopes.
Ask God how to bravely cope.
Tell Him all you learned today.
Say the things you need to say.

Beg forgiveness for your sins.
Pray to live with Him again.
Speak with earnest heart and soul.
He will listen. This I know.

For prayer is hope put to the test.
And hope is faith in what is best.
Faith is power to do great things.
Thus, prayer is faith's enabling wings.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes

“The victory over our inner self is a daily struggle. Be strong and do not give up.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Let the love of the moon kiss you good night,
let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”
― Debasish Mridha

“For those constantly full of joy, they sometimes feel a little guilty for always feeling so good. That guilt is compassion: it flies in with an attempt to share one's joy with others who do not have it.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“I hope your heart feels better. 
I hope your mind is set right.
I hope your love is connected to others, and you don't feel so lost and locked up.
I hope everything is okay for you. 
And by okay, I mean greater than ever.”
― Shailee J-N

“Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are”
― Germany Kent

“Putting your time in at the office; dutifully spawning your two point five; smiling politely at your retirement party; then chewing on your bedsheet and choking on your canned peaches at the nursing home. It was better never to have been born-never to have wanted anything, never to have hoped for anything.”
― Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch

“Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“And that's what love is, I suppose. The one thing that is most worth hoping for, and the one thing that's most surprising when it lands. Because it's better. It exceeds hope, makes hope nearsighted.”
― Jessica Soffer, Tomorrow There Will Be Apricots

“The will to dream, the courage to act and the hope to win are the stuffs that make life meaningful! Create the life you wish to live and live it fully!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes

“You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“For a long time things were so bad. Very bad. Dark even when there was light.
The only thing that kept the dark back was the Forever Shiny Thing that was her secret...
It is a word...the word hangs on a silver chain. The word is HOPE.”
― Dean Koontz, The Darkest Evening of the Year

“Between what i see in a field and what I see in another field
There passes for a moment the figure of a man.
His steps go with “him” in the same reality,
But I look at him and them, and they’re two things:
The “man” goes walking with his ideas, false and foreign,
And his steps go with the ancient system that makes legs walk.
I see him from a distance without any opinion at all.
How perfect that he is in him what he is — his body,
His true reality which doesn’t have desires or hopes,
But muscles and the sure and impersonal way of using them.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“The greatest obsession is I believe in myself.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“hope is just a feeling...will is the real thing....”
― Parag Tipnis

“I am hopeful because love overflows from my heart. Gratitude for beauty and life leads my way.”
― Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life

“Be strong.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“You deny them hope... You are telling them that Jesus loves them, but not much.”
― Harper Lee

“Why wait? So precious is this life—this gift—this temporary blindness. Burn and drown and embrace the false dark, then grasp the unthinkable height of resulting joy. For in the end, in the light of truth when the flesh is cast off, there is nothing but this.”
― Jennifer DeLucy

“The music of hope is everywhere, but to hear it, you need to ignore the muddy jangle of life's hassles.”
― Christine M Knight, Life Song

“I threw my hands in the air and said show me something.
He said, "if you dare come a little closer".”
― Rihanna

“Sometimes I think Earth has got to be the insane asylum of the universe. . . and I'm here by computer error. At sixty-eight, I hope I've gained some wisdom in the past fourteen lustrums and it’s obligatory to speak plain and true about the conclusions I've come to; now that I have been educated to believe by such mentors as Wells, Stapledon, Heinlein, van Vogt, Clarke, Pohl, (S. Fowler) Wright, Orwell, Taine, Temple, Gernsback, Campbell and other seminal influences in scientifiction, I regret the lack of any female writers but only Radclyffe Hall opened my eyes outside sci-fi.

I was a secular humanist before I knew the term. I have not believed in God since childhood's end. I believe a belief in any deity is adolescent, shameful and dangerous. How would you feel, surrounded by billions of human beings taking Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, the tooth fairy and the stork seriously, and capable of shaming, maiming or murdering in their name? I am embarrassed to live in a world retaining any faith in church, prayer or a celestial creator. I do not believe in Heaven, Hell or a Hereafter; in angels, demons, ghosts, goblins, the Devil, vampires, ghouls, zombies, witches, warlocks, UFOs or other delusions; and in very few mundane individuals--politicians, lawyers, judges, priests, militarists, censors and just plain people. I respect the individual's right to abortion, suicide and euthanasia. I support birth control. I wish to Good that society were rid of smoking, drinking and drugs.

My hope for humanity - and I think sensible science fiction has a beneficial influence in this direction - is that one day everyone born will be whole in body and brain, will live a long life free from physical and emotional pain, will participate in a fulfilling way in their contribution to existence, will enjoy true love and friendship, will pity us 20th century barbarians who lived and died in an atrocious, anachronistic atmosphere of arson, rape, robbery, kidnapping, child abuse, insanity, murder, terrorism, war, smog, pollution, starvation and the other negative “norms” of our current civilization. I have devoted my life to amassing over a quarter million pieces of sf and fantasy as a present to posterity and I hope to be remembered as an altruist who would have been an accepted citizen of Utopia.”
― Forrest J. Ackerman

“Then every man would be as a god, you see. The result of this, of course, would be that there would no longer be any gods, only men. We would give them knowledge of the sciences and the arts, which we possess, and in so doing we would destroy their simple faith and remove all basis for their hoping that things will be better—for the best way to destroy faith or hope is to let it be realized.”
― Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light

“I pondered all these things, and how men fight and lose the battle, and the thing that they fought for comes about in spite of their defeat, and when it comes turns out not to be what they meant, and other men have to fight for what they meant under another name.”
― William Morris

“You're all incredibly thoughtful souls who keep my head attached to my body.”
― Jenny Sampirisi, Croak

“That’s the thing about love
It can take you up to the mountaintop and can drop you
And the impact will either kill you or make you a new person”
― Kehinde Sonola, Klosophy

“I understood that the most terrible thing in life is complete hopelessness... To cross out all the 'maybes' and give up the fight when you still have strength for it is the most terrible form of suicide. It's almost unbearable to watch it happening in others. Unjustified hope - salvation for the weak in spirit and intellect - irritates me. But the loss of hope is the paralysis, even the death, of the soul. Sveta, let us hope, while we still have strength to hope.”
― Orlando Figes, Just Send Me Word: A True Story of Love and Survival in the Gulag

“We must seek together to address the good aspirations of people everywhere, for we are bound together through great commonality.”
― Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason

“Truly I have looked into the very heart of darkness, and refused to yield to its paralyzing influence, but in spirit I am one of those who walk the morning. What if all dark, discouraging moods of the human mind come across my way as thick as the dry leaves of autumn? Other feet have traveled that road before me, and I know the desert leads to god as surely as the green, refreshing fields, and orchards.”
― helen keller, The Open Door

“We are ready to despair too soon, we are ready to say, ‘What’s the good of doing anything?’ Hope is the virtue we should cultivate most in this present day and age.”
― Agatha Christie

“She felt the depth of her losses before they were realized, and she wondered, Is there still hope? Did she even dare hold on to such a tenuous thing as hope?”
― Sage Steadman, Upon Destiny's Song

“Elizabeth's barreness and advanced age--a double symbol of hopelessness--became the means by which God would announce to the world that nothing is impossible for Him.”
― Swindoll Charles R.

“Some way some how i'm going to be happy i'm going to laugh i'm going to prosper,i feel good that i remain positive thru these mess up times!!!”
― jojo1980

“Morning dew upon the grass,
glistening in the sun.
Yesterday’s gone,
tomorrow may come,
but this day has begun.”
― Calvin W. Allison, Shadows Over February

“No rain can't get the rainbow.”
― ayumi hamasaki rainbow

“What we really need is only a heart of surrender & always trust what God has plan for our life. So we do our best, God shall take the rest. That's what I called FAITH.”
― Olivia Sinaga

“Even a single lamp dispels the deepest darkness.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“For though, I walk through the valley of shadows of Death, I will never fear. For You are in Me and I know You will never let me Go. ”
― Jestoni Revealed

“Y por que el sol es tan mal amigo
del caminante en el desierto?

Y por que el sol es tan simpatico
en el jardin del hospital?

And why is the sun such a bad companion
to the traveler in the desert?

And why is the sun so congenial
in the hospital garden?”
― Pablo Neruda

“Hope is something that can never be taken from you unless you allow someone to take it. If you never lose hope, you will never truly be poor.”
― John M. Simmons, The Marvelous Journey Home

“A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love”
― Stendhal

“Yes, in spite of all, Some shape of beauty moves away the pall From our dark spirits.”
― Keats

“Un atkal krīt zvaigzne un ceļas cerība. Kā bizonis ceļas cerība, kā baldriāns.”
― Imants Ziedonis, Epifānijas

“In the middle of the night, there is always less hope; in the dawn of the morning, there is always more hope!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Have you lost your hope? Have you remained inside the fog? Don’t worry; even if you can’t find it, a new hope will come and find you!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“...настаёт в череде тяжких дней, сплошных неудач и неприятностей минута, когда вы вдруг улавливаете еле слышные шаги приближающихся перемен. Всё вокруг по-прежнему - одни неприятности. Но вы ощущаете, вы наверняка знаете, что скоро, скоро - не сегодня, так завтра, не завтра, так на той неделе - вдруг случится что-то невероятное. И вам уже легче. И неприятности, которые по-прежнему не дают житья, не такие уж неприятности. Вы воспринимаете их как временные осложнения, как грипп, например, от которого никуда не денешься, но скоро - вы это знаете наверняка - скоро он пройдёт...”
― Albert Lihanov, Чистые камушки

“Hope is like a word made with cloud, without faith, it quickly blows away.”
― Anthony Liccione

“Take a chance..., change a 'NO' to a 'YES'today.”
― M. Howson

“O Allah, You know me better than I know myself, and I know myself better than these people who praise me. Make me better than what they think of me, and forgive those sins of mine of which they have no knowledge, and do not hold me responsible for what they say.”
― Abu Bakr al-Siddiq

“«Porque felizmente (pensaba) el hombre no está solo hecho de desesperación sino de fe y esperanza; no solo de muerte sino también de anhelo de vida; tampoco únicamente de soledad sino de momentos de comunión y amor. Porque si prevalece la desesperación, todos nos dejaríamos morir o nos mataríamos, y eso no es de ninguna manera lo que sucede. Lo que demostraba, a su juicio, la poca importancia de la razón, ya que no es razonable mantener esperanzas en este mundo en que vivimos. Nuestra razón, nuestra inteligencia, constantemente nos están probando que este mundo es atroz, motivo por el cual la razón es aniquiladora y conduce al escepticismo, al cinismo y finalmente a la aniquilación. Pero, por suerte, el hombre no es casi nunca un ser razonable, y por eso la esperanza renace una y otra vez en medio de las calamidades.»”
― Ernesto Sábato, Sobre héroes y tumbas

“Your dreamers. You ridiculous children. You dancing grinning fuckups. Here is your bright future. Your earnest, saccharine hope. How does it taste dripping from the neck of everyone you love?”
― Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies

“Lord, help us root our feet to the earth
And our eyes to the road
And always remember the fallen angels
Who, attempting to soar,
Were seared instead by the sun and, wings melting,
Came crashing back to the sea.
Lord, help root my eyes to the earth
And stay my eyes to the road
So I may never stumble.

-Psalm 24 (From "Prayer and Study," The Book of Shhh)”
― Lauren Oliver, Delirium

“We all flee in hope of finding some ground of security”
― M.T. Anderson, The Kingdom on the Waves

“I could smack her, punch her in the face, but then I see what she can't hide from me. I've seen it before-the desperation, the agony, the need to find a reason to go on, and the inability to find it.”
― Mary Beth Miller, Aimee

“With every choice you create the life you’ll live; with every decision you design it.”
― Mollie Marti, Walking with Justice: Uncommon Lessons from One of Life's Greatest Mentors

“It's hard to stay committed when our heart isn't in it.”
― Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!

“If the bombs go off the sun will still be shining, because I've heard it said that
every mushroom cloud has a silver lining.”
― Adam Young Owl City Cave In

“In the meantime, I’ll
wish it upon a star.'- Michael Cooper”
― Julie Ann Knudsen, In the Middle of Nowhere

“As we walk back, it feels like the city is engulfing us. Adrenalin still pours through our veins. Sparks flow through to our fingers. We've still been running in the mornings, but the city's different then. It's filled with hope and with bristles of winter sunshine. In the evening, it's like it dies, waiting to be born again the next morning.”
― Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe

“Each life experience poses this question: how do you want to be changed because of me?”
― Mollie Marti

“A wise teacher learns in the midst of teaching; a wise student teaches in the midst of learning.”
― Mollie Marti

“Hope finds its fulfillment when nurtured through faith and shared with love.”
― Mollie Marti

“No gasp at a miracle that is truly miraculous because the magic lies in the fact that you knew it was there for you all along.”
― Toni Morrison

“Sometimes memory is the only gift we give ourselves and the only hope we have of finding our way home.”
― Harley King

“Never take today for granted, tomorrow might never come.”
― Matt Vella

“Your tears are my prayers.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“When I touched that boy, I felt something. Something awful. Something I can’t describe.”
“We all felt it,” Nick said.
“You may have felt it, but I caused it.” Then both his eyes seemed to go far away. “Something changed out there. I don’t know what it was, but something in the world changed because that kid didn’t deserve what I did to him—and the powers that be know that I did it.” Nick watched as a tear fell from his Everlost eye and disappeared through the living world table.
“What if,” said Nick, not even sure what he was going to say yet, “what if you were that kid and you were told you could change the world, but you would have to sacrifice yourself to do it?”
Clarence chuckled at the thought. “I believe that question was already asked a long time ago, and that creepy kid did not look anything like Jesus to me.”
“But you do think that something changed. . . .”
“I don’t know whether it’s good or bad.”
“What if it’s neither?” suggested Nick. “What if we get to make it one or the other?”
― Neal Shusterman, Everfound

“If God created shadows it was to better emphasise the light.”
― Pope John XXIII

“Maybe I am everything I knew that I would never be. I looked back at Jay and smiled.”
― Holly Hood

“Consult.../what reinforcement we may gain from hope,/If not, what resolution from despair.”
― John Milton, Paradise Lost

“Their words of encouragement were just what I needed. I was doing a great job, and I appreciated their cheers.I felt a dormlike camaraderie in the burn unit, since each of us knew the challenges we were facing like no one else could, and therefore how meaningful each triumph was.”
― Stephanie Nielson, Heaven Is Here: An Incredible Story of Hope, Triumph, and Everyday Joy

“Your words like wings gravity they defy.
My heart like a leaf on the wind catchin' rides.
We make too much sense to foolishly pass it by.
So I'm taking a rainbow up to the 5th floor.
Steppin' out to see that you're really worth more.”
― Group 1 Crew

“Hope is possible, when you decide to believe that what you are hoping for is possible.”
― Patti Snodgrass

“I finished the [blog] post reflecting on the fact that, despite all the changes in my life, maybe I wasn't so different after all. If I typed it, maybe I could believe it, too.”
― Stephanie Nielson

“The horizon was indistinguishable from the inky black, which fell upon the desert like a sorcerer’s mantle shot through with diamonds. The stars were so tiny, so far away, and yet, at the moment, with her fingers curled around his, he almost felt as though he could reach up and snag one by the tail.”
― V.S. Carnes

“Hope comes not from the people around you, but from yourself.”
― Alegna G. Granados

“The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.”
― allan chaimers

“Therefore, she hummed the provincial lullaby she had learned from the officers’ children in the English Quarter of Jerusalem, and watched in fascination while the savage radical’s eyes misted over with tears. For an instant, the prison bars melted away, and she felt God’s presence—for the first time since their imprisonment. She was not a captive, and this man was not her captor. Indeed, they were both merely God’s children.”
― V.S. Carnes

“...we must be a beacon of hope, because if you tell people there's nothing they can do, they will do worse than nothing.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood

“The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory.”
― Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times

“I can always look up at the cosmos and marvel, no matter what happens. And when I look up at it, I feel as though my problems are small. I don't know why, but it always makes me feel better.”
― Matthew Quick, Boy21

“Tam Lin says rabbits give up when they're caught by coyotes [...]. He says they consent to die because their animals and can't understand hope. But humans are different. They fight against death no matter how bad things seem, and sometimes, even when everything's against them, they win.”
― Nancy Farmer, The House of the Scorpion

“Why don't people ask us about our hope? The answer is probably that we look as if we hope in the same things they do. Our lives don't look like they are on the Calvary road, stripped down for sacrificial love, serving others with the sweet assurance that we don't need to be rewarded in this life.”
― John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life

“you won’t ever get ahead if you keep feeling sorry for yourself. You must stop all the negative talk and start thinking positive. You have a lot of potential but your life won’t change until you change how you think”.”
― Michele Woolley, God's Favor - Breath Of Heaven

“In the future, as in the present, as in the past, black people will build many new worlds.

This is true. I will make it so. And you will help me.”
― N.K. Jemisin

“Frodo raised his head, and then stood up. Despair had not left him, but the weakness had passed. He even smiled grimly, feeling now as clearly as a moment before he had felt the opposite, that what he had to do, he had to do, if he could, and that whether Faramir or Aragorn or Elrond or Galadriel or Gandalf or anyone else knew about it was beside the purpose. He took his staff in one hand and the phial in his other. When he saw that the clear light was already welling through his fingers, he thrust it into his bosom and held it against his heart. Then turning from the city of Morgul, now no more than a grey glimmer across a dark gulf, he prepared to take the upward road.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

“I'm a writer and this is what I do no matter what name we put to it. Year by year, the world is turning into a darker and stranger place than any of us could want. This is the only thing I do that has potential to shine a little further than my immediate surroundings. For me, each story is a little candle held up to the dark of night, trying to illuminate the hope for a better world where we all respect and care for each other.”
― Charles de Lint

“There is a period for hope and one for mourning.”
― Federico Chini, The Sea Of Forgotten Memories

“Sólo con una ardiente paciencia conquistaremos la espléndida ciudad que dará luz, justicia y dignidad a todos los hombres. Así la poesía no habrá cantado en vano.”
― Pablo Neruda, Toward the Splendid City: Nobel Lecture

“From the mud of adversity grows the lotus of joy”
― Carolyn Marsden, The Buddha's Diamonds

“Hope is nothing but a deceitful flatterer accepted by reason only because it is often in need of palliatives.”
― Casanova

“Whoso beset him round
With dismal stories
Do but themselves confound;
His strength the more is.”
― John Bunyan, The Pilgrim's Progress

“The love of Christ for me will get last say. He is merciful to me for his name’s sake, for the sake of his own goodness, for the sake of his steadfast love and compassion (Psalm 25). When he thinks about me, he remembers what he is like, and that is my exceeding joy. My indestructible hope is that he has turned his face towards me, and he will never turn away.”
― David Powlison

“They knew, though, she would not suffer as they had suffered. She was perfect. They were scarred.”
― Francesca Lia Block, The Rose and the Beast: Fairy Tales Retold

“No point carrying useless ballast. It won't change a thing.”
― Joanne Harris

“And hope is but a dream of those that wake.”
― Matthew Prior

“Books open the doors that others have closed on you.”
― Shannon Alder

“Hope wasn't a cottage industry; it was neither a product that she could manufacture like needlepoint samplers nor a substance she could secrete, in her cautious solitude, like a maple tree producing the essence of syrup. Hope was to be found in other people, by reaching out, by taking risks, by opening her fortress heart.”
― Dean Koontz, Intensity

“Death seemed to lose its terrors and to borrow a grace and dignity in sublime keeping with the life that was ebbing away.”
― Charles Bracelen Flood, Lee The Last Years

“It isn’t true, is it, Daniel, that music can tame the beasts? Yet, in the end, a song lives.”
― Maria Àngels Anglada, The Violin of Auschwitz

“(Can human beings change? The humor, and the sadness, of remarriage comedies can be said to result from the fact that we have no good answer to that question.)”
― Stanley Cavell, Pursuits of Happiness: The Hollywood Comedy of Remarriage

“Over time, I have come to believe that there is a killer and a saint in all of us. But...I choose to focus on the future and the *potential* in people.”
― Agnes Kamara-umunna, And Still Peace Did Not Come: A Memoir of Reconciliation

“Love is hard. We try to love one another. But generally the quality and quantity of our love for one another is found wanting, because we find it difficult, if not impossible, to look beyond those things that are ugly and unlovable in those we try to love. Even though the things that are ugly and unlovable in ourselves are the very things that cause us to cry out for love.”
― Doug Worgul, Thin Blue Smoke

“An opportunity is a miracle waiting to happen.”
― Rue Allyn

“We live in a time that hungers for HOPE; to believe in MIRACLES and DREAMS, for without these soul gems, humanity is ripped at the seams.”
― Debi Tibbles, All Aboard! How Ollie Tibbles Became a Train

“Everyone has to have hope in their life, or they will eventually become your enemy.”
― Jim Morris

“You know, Molly, if you can hold in your mind what you want long enough, you shall have it.”
― Kent Allan Rees, Molly Withers and the Golden Tree

“−Algunas personas dicen que hay que prestarle atención a las coincidencias [...]. Pueden mostrarte tu camino. Además, esas coincidencias son suficientes para hacer que la gente siga creyendo. Para darles algo de esperanza.

−[...] La esperanza, doctora Whittier, es una tomadura de pelo.”
― Wendy Wunder, The Probability of Miracles

“[Koudelka] looked back, "You?! I know you! You trust beyond reason!"
[Cordelia] met his eyes steadily, "Yes, it's how I get results beyond hope, as you may recall.”
― Lois McMaster Bujold, A Civil Campaign

“What will you do now with the gift of your left life?”
― Carol Ann Duffy, The Bees

“The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“We must look to Mary's example to know how to deal with the glorious impossibilities of God. Look how she turned the world upside down by making one simple statement ...”
― Calvin Miller, The Christ of Christmas: Readings for Advent

“Your heart of devotion and obedience is not in vain. Who knows but God how many people have come near to you and were forever changed simply by the fragrance of his love in you? Who knows but God if he will put you before kings and leaders to speak the truth, redirecting the future of nations? Who knows when that small crack in the dam of our enemy’s plans will give way and God’s glory will truly cover the earth as the sea? Do not become distracted or discouraged by the death around you. Death must always give way when the life of Christ enters the picture.”
― Amy Layne Litzelman, This Beloved Road: A Journey of Revelation and Worship

“She'd stood by that creed. No softness, because the world wasn't soft; lots of laughter, because if you were in on the joke, the joke couldn't be on you; And no wanting what you couldn't take, because the world never gave.
Or so she'd thought.”
― Connie Brockway, The Bridal Season

“Some people us language to describe the lives they lead, and other people use language to create the lives they lead.”
― Steve Chandler, Reinventing Yourself: How to Become the Person You've Always Wanted to Be

“From Les Miserables:

All at once, in the midst of this profound calm, a fresh sound arose; a sound as celestial, divine, ineffable, ravishing, as the other had been horrible. It was a hymn which issued from the gloom, a dazzling burst of prayer and harmony in the obscure and alarming silence of the night; women's voices, but voices composed at one and the same time of the pure accents of virgins and the innocent accent of children, -- voices which are not of the earth, and which resemble those that the newborn infant still hears, and which the dying man hears already. This song proceeded from the gloomy edifice which towered above the garden. At the moment when the hubbub of demons retreated, one would have said that a choir of angels was approaching through the gloom.

Cosette and Jean Valjean fell on their knees.

They knew not what it was, they knew not where they were; but both of them, the man and the child, the penitent and the innocent, felt that they must kneel.

These voices had this strange characteristic, that they did not prevent the building from seeming to be deserted. It was a supernatural chant in an uninhabited house.

While these voices were singing, Jean Valjean thought of nothing. He no longer beheld the night; he beheld a blue sky. It seemed to him that he felt those wings which we all have within us, unfolding.

The song died away. It may have lasted a long time. Jean Valjean could not have told. Hours of ecstasy are never more than a moment.”
― Victor Hugo

“I shuffle along, letting the current pull me, and i have the sense that I am like a rat caught in a maze of tunnels, moving endlessly toward some promise of...of what? Light? Life? Cheese?”
― Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World

“If the single man plants himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abides, this huge world will come around to him.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“So much of how we think, feel, and live depends on our vision-what we choose to see in any given situation.”
― Jocelyn Green, Faith Deployed...Again: More Daily Encouragement for Military Wives

“There, about a dozen times during the day, the wind drives over the sky the swollen clouds, which water the earth copiously, after which the sun shines brightly, as if freshly bathed, and floods with a golden luster the rocks, the river, the trees, and the entire jungle.”
― Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness

“Mentre che la speranza ha fior del verde”
― Dante Alighieri, Purgatorio

“Life is a precious possession...It is what one makes of it. - Charity Duncan”
― Mary Balogh, The Temporary Wife

“The years stretched before her, a long and dusty way, yet if she could walk humbly along it she might find that life, unfolding slowly, keeps its best secrets till the end.”
― Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch

“She did not care about anything very much. Hope was gone. She existed that was all.”
― Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan

“These early Saints were indeed homeless, but they were not hopeless. Their hearts were broken, but their spirits were strong. They had learned a profound and important lesson. They had learned that hope, with its attendant blessings of peace and joy, does not depend upon circumstance. They had discovered that the true source of hope is faith—faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and in His infinite Atonement, the one sure foundation upon which to build our lives.”
― Elder Wilford W. Andersen

“When I reach the end of one row, I continue straight on away from the barn and the farm and the road. I walk until I come to a pile of hay bales and plop myself down. The sun is bright and the air is sharp. In the distance I hear the lowing of cows. It's so peaceful here.

"Merry Christmas, " I whisper to myself. "Merry Christmas, Nate.”
― Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World

“وعندما أنامُ ليلًا أعرفُ أنني سأنهضُ مجددًا ، ولكن لن يكون هناك فجر بل ظلام فقط”
― Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan

“Taggle, meanwhile, made himself popular, killing rats and bringing a rabbit into camp every evening, preening in the praise - silently, thank god, though at night, he recounted choice bits to Kate: "Rye Baro says I am a princeling; he split the leg bone for me so that I could eat the marrow. They love me. And I'm sure they'll keep you, too."
Mira, she thought, and treasured it each time she heard it, They must keep me. Family.”
― Erin Bow, Plain Kate

“It's okay. You're going to save me, Miss Maylene." The girl gave her a genuine look of happiness. "I know it. I knew if I found you everything would be okay.”
― Melissa Marr, Graveminder

“Despair wishes their hope diminishes.”
― Sherina Gandia

“It took more than science to make hope real.”
― Dr. Jerome Groopman

“I'll be singing hymns to the rafters, be praising His goodness so loud they're going to have to turn down the volume in Heaven.”
― Diane Hammond, Hannah's Dream

“...утро приносит мыслям ясность и прогоняет сказки.”
― Vladislav Krapivin, Застава на Якорном поле. Крик петуха.

“They that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.”
― Patricia Christian Punches, Even When Life Doesn't Play Nice: One Child's Journey from Unfavorable Beginnings a Memoir

“Just when it seemed my mother couldn’t bear
one more needle, one more insane orange pill,
my sister, in silence, stood at the end
of the bed and slowly rubbed her feet,
which were scratchy with hard, yellow skin,
and dirt cramped beneath the broken nails,
which changed nothing in time except
the way my mother was lost in it for a while
as if with a kind of relief that doesn’t relieve.
And then, with her eyes closed, my mother said
the one or two words the living have for gratefulness,
which is a kind of forgetting, with a sense
of what it means to be alive long enough
to love someone. Thank you, she said. As for me,
I didn’t care how her voice suddenly seemed low
and kind, or what failures and triumphs
of the body and spirit brought her to that point—
just that it sounded like hope, stupid hope.”
― Jason Shinder

“В тяжкие времена безотчётного страха и неясности судьбы я нашёл простое и доступное всякому лекарство от душевной смуты: в Доме Капитанов я неспешно разглядывал судовые модели. Созерцание крошечных каравелл и фрегатов, где сочеталась неторопливая мудрость, кропотливость мастеров с воспоминаниями о плаваниях вокруг неоткрытого мира, успокаивает человека, возвращая ему равновесие духа, ясное сознание и надежду...
(Капитан-командор Космофлота Элиот Красс д'Эспиноза)”
― Vladislav Krapivin, Застава на Якорном поле. Крик петуха.

“...любопытство - один из признаков надежды...”
― Vladislav Krapivin, Выстрел с монитора. Гуси-гуси, га-га-га...

“Don't be such a party-pooper, missy --when you're well and truly screwed, either you just sit pissing yourself or you invent some reason to hope.”
― James Alan Gardner, Ascending

“There it must be, I think, in the vast and eternal laws of matter, and
not in the daily cares and sins and troubles of men, that whatever is
more than animal within us must find its solace and its hope. I hope, or I
could not live.”
― H.G. Wells, The Island of Doctor Moreau

“Hope is the last thing that dies.

Maybe because hope is one of those dratted things that is truly, honestly, genuinely immortal.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“I must reluctantly observe that two causes, the abbreviation of time, and the failure of hope, will always tinge with a browner shade the evening of life.”
― Edward Gibbon, Memoirs of My Life

“I think if Eternity held torment, its form would not be fiery rack, nor its nature, despair. I think that on a certain day amongst those days which never dawned, and will not set, an angel entered Hades — stood, shone, smiled, delivered a prophecy of conditional pardon, kindled a doubtful hope of bliss to come, not now, but at a day and hour unlooked for, revealed in his own glory and grandeur the height and compass of his promise: spoke thus — then towering, became a star, and vanished into his own Heaven. His legacy was suspense — a worse boon than despair.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Villette

“Now I want you to remember something because I don't think we shall meet again very soon. It is this; however fashionable despair about the world and about people may be at present, and however powerful despair may become in the future, not everybody, or even most people, think and live fashionably; virtue and honour will not be banished from the world, however many popular moralists and panicky journalists say so. Sacrifice will not cease to be because psychiatrists have popularized the idea that there is often some concealed, self-serving element in it; theologians always knew that. Nor do I think love as a high condition of honour will be lost; it is a pattern in the spirit, and people long to make the pattern a reality in their own lives, whatever means they take to do so. In short, Davey, God is not dead. And I can assure you God is not mocked.”
― Robertson Davies, The Manticore

“Dullness it is that perverts and corrups the spirit but it is always possible to look past the dullness, and see the bright, shining heart of things”
― Jude Morgan, Indiscretion

“I never lose hope,
For hope is the road travelled between impossible to possible.”
― Gillian Duce

“Believe in the hope of your Life Illusion because this is the only real thing that you posses!”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Plain Kate greased her boots and bandaged her feet, and soon she would walk like a Roamer born. She helped Drina with the water and the wood, and in the long, wet evenings she carved objarka burji.
Plain Kate carved fast and learned slowly. She was bewildered most of the time, but Daj called her mira again, and when she asked Drina what it meant, the girl replied, "It means she likes you. It means your family."
Family.
It could have kept her walking for a hundred miles. And she did walk far.”
― Erin Bow, Plain Kate

“Cine a ucis stelele? Cine a surpat drumul spre viitor al celor din morminte?”
― Ionel Teodoreanu, Tudor Ceaur Alcaz

“Hope is a place best not forgotten”
― Iain Cameron Williams

“Why not? Why not anything? If God ain’t a God of why nots, than I say ‘Why bother,’ and I don’t think that’s takin his name in vain, I think it’s tellin the truth about what people need.”
― Todd Johnson, The Sweet By and By

“You must remember that your story matters. What you write has the power to save a life, sometimes that life is your own.”
― Stalina Goodwin, Make It Write!: Put Your Pain To Work Writing Journal

“I don't much like my life, but for some dumb reason, I want to be alive, because sooner or later, I figure it will work out.”
― Elizabeth Wurtzel, More, Now, Again: A Memoir of Addiction

“All we know, Midnight. The best of all we know. For Chestry Valley and its master we loved. For Nana. For Sugarloaf and Brimstone Farm. For Pop and Mom and Tom. For the foals to come. For yesterday and for all tomorrows, we dance the best we know. For good-by.”
― Kate Seredy, The Chestry Oak

“The balance—between resignation and hope—shifted by day, by the hour, sometimes by the minute. He was always, always trying to decide how he should be—if his thoughts should be of acceptance or escape.”
― Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life

“Hoping will create suffering. Suffering will create meaning. Meaning will make your life beautiful.”
― Maxime Lagacé

“Si fortune me tormente, sperato me contento”
― William Shakespeare, Henry IV, Parts One and Two

“The most destructive instruments can still create a melody worth dancing to.”
― Rudy Francisco, Helium

“..through you will call forth praise from lonesome travelers long after your name is forgotten. They will know someone lived and loved here.

'Whoever they were,' they will think, 'they belonged to God. It's clear that they believed the stories of Jesus were true, and it gave them a hope that made their lives beautiful in ways that will unfold for ages among the linnea that shimmers in the moonlit woods.”
― Andrew Peterson, Adorning the Dark: Thoughts on Community, Calling, and the Mystery of Making

“The size of an ending will never offset the inevitability of a beginning.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Every person is someone's child.
Someone' s dear loved one.
Love does not discriminate.
Love and blessings to all !!”
― Sama Akbar

“Give into hope I say, for fear will only paralyze. It is better to live a life of love amidst the pain than a life of apathy.”
― Stacy A. Padula, The Truth We Never Told

“Your breakdown is not the end of your story.
A breakthrough is on it's way.”
― Sama Akbar

“Hope is a place best not forgotten’ - Iain Cameron Williams”
― Iain Cameron Williams

“All I wanted was this place of glory
and things that can never be
to be.”
― Quan Barry, Asylum

“The history of popular movements, including the civil rights movement of the fifties and sixties – the last of such uprising in American history – shows that only an arduous, even a tragic, understanding of life can justify the sacrifices imposed on those who seek to challenge the status quo.
The idea of progress alone, we are told, can move men and women to sacrifice immediate pleasures to some larger purpose. On the contrary, progressive ideology weakens the spirit of sacrifice. Nor does it give us an effective antidote to despair, even though it owes much of its residual appeal to the fear that its collapse would leave us utterly without hope. Hope does not demand belief in progress. It demands a belief in justice, a conviction that the wicked will suffer, that wrongs will be made right, that the underlying order of things is not flouted by impunity. Hope implies a deep-seated trust in life that appears absurd to those who lack it. It rests on confidence not so much in the future as in the past. It derives from early memories – no doubt distorted, overlaid with later memories, and thus not wholly reliable as a guide to any factual reconstruction of past events - in which the experience of order and contentment was so intense that subsequent disillusionments cannot dislodge it. Such experience leaves as its residue the unshakable conviction, not that the past was better than the present, but that trust is never completely misplaced, even though it is never completely justified either and therefore destined inevitability to disappointment.
If we distinguish hopefulness from the more conventional attitude known today as optimism – if we think of it as a character trait, a temperamental predisposition rather than an estimate of the direction of historical change – we can see why it serves us better, in steering troubled waters ahead, than a belief in progress. Not that it prevents us from expecting the worst. The worst is always what the hopeful are prepared for. Their trust in life would not be worth much if it had not survived disappointments in the past, while the knowledge that the future holds further disappointments demonstrates the continuing need for hope. Believer in progress, on the other hand, though the like to think of themselves as the party of hope, actually have little need of hope, since they have history on their side. But their lack of it incapacitates them for intelligent action. Improvidence, a blind faith that things will somehow work out for the best, furnishes a poor substitute for the disposition to see things through even when they don't.”
― Christopher Lasch, The True and Only Heaven: Progress and Its Critics

“Love yourself more and spread love all around you.”
― Aurora Berill

“Think about your future in a positive way and you will move towards your goals.”
― Aurora Berill

“The Soul can heal by getting closer to God, it’s the mind that creates the distance”
― Positively Sherry

“Be grateful, life is a gracious gift.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“It's not surrendering to the Universe, he told me, if all you're doing is sitting around waiting for it to turn out like you hope.
—Partial Surrender”
― Brian Andreas, Still Mostly True

“Let us welcome the New Year with a holy hearts.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“...no matter how bad life gets, no matter how sometimes things seem to turn on you and make it seem like there's no longer any hope, don't forget that you always have THIS (Sunset) to look forward to at the end of every single day. Look at it, Jake. Right there is peace. And freedom. And there's nothing in this world that can touch it.”
― Gerry Alanguilan, Elmer

“Do you think she'll change?"

"Hope nothing."

"Is there a cure?"

"Only art. Or more love."

"I should die of more love.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Nice and the Good

“Babies win over the world with love, hope and angelic smiles.”
― ApolloM

“A baby is like the morning sunshine, it comes with the lights of love, hope, warmth, beauty and endless possibilities.”
― ApolloM

“A baby is a symbol of hope and one of life's blessings.”
― ApolloM

“A baby is the hope and ultimate purpose of life, it is the best gift that life can give so we can enjoy life after life.”
― ApolloM

“Returning, for clarification, to DNA as our archetypal replicator, its consequences on the world are of two important types. Firstly, it makes copies of itself, making use of the cellular apparatus of replicases, etc. Secondly, it has effects on the outside world, which influence the chances of its copies’ surviving.”
― Richard Dawkins, The Extended Phenotype: The Long Reach of the Gene

“Leonard (Cohen) never broke my heart, but his songs have, every time I sing or hear one of them. As Leonard says, “There is a crack in everything; that’s how the light gets in.”
― Judy Collins, Sweet Judy Blue Eyes: My Life in Music

“As I fall asleep in his arms, I wish I hadn’t resisted him all those weeks. Even though on some level I realize it’s because of exactly this; that I knew how much I could feel for this man. That our chemistry both inside the bedroom and out would be like nothing I’ve ever felt. It both excites me and terrifies me in equal measure. I close my eyes and hope for the best.”
― Melanie A. Smith, Never Date a Doctor

“Pojęcie totalności istnieje w teorii, ale nigdy w życiu. Nawet w najbardziej szczelnym murze istnieje jakaś szczelina (albo mamy nadzieję, że istnieje, a to coś znaczy). Nawet kiedy mamy wrażenie, że nic już nie działa, coś działa i umożliwia minimum egzystencji. Choćby otaczał nas ocean zła, będą z niego wystawać zielone i żyzne wysepki. Widać je, są na horyzoncie. Nawet najgorsza sytuacja, jeżeli w niej się znajdziemy, rozkłada się na czynniki pierwsze, a wśród nich będą takie, których można się uchwycić, jak gałęzi krzaka rosnącego na brzegu, aby stawić opór wirom ściągającym na dno. Ta szczelina, ta wyspa, ta gałąź utrzymują nas na powierzchni istnienia.”
― Ryszard Kapuściński, Another Day of Life

“Maybe it doesn't makes any sense right now but just know that one day it will, cause nothing is happening without a reason.”
― Nabeela Zahid

“She said...one day you will change the World by the way you think, the way you act and the way you dream. Until then I will hold you close and remind you that you are PURE LOVE.”
― Positively Sherry

“Fearlessly Be You...Faith feels like your falling off a cliff...but you find the courage you jump anyway!”
― Positively Sherry

“It took dust in my eyes to see clearly, it took fasting for me to understand hunger & it took forgiveness for me know love.”
― Positively Sherry

“The Pure. It was all a fairy tale, something to give people hope. Real hope. Without it, they mightn't have held out for so long. They might've stopped fighting altogether. Yeah, just a fairy tale. There were no such things as angels, but the demons were very real.”
― Dean F. Wilson, Hopebreaker

“She said, I hope I can add a little color in the world with my thoughts, my dreams and my hope in mankind.”
― Positively Sherry

“The Hope factory was menacing in the distance, for it was one of the few buildings that somehow managed to present itself through the smog. Its hulking form consumed almost all of the horizon, and its many pistons, pillars, chimneys and flumes ate into the heavens. For the parts of the sky it could not reach, those towers sent up endless streams of smoke, and this smoke devoured the natural clouds and left an unnatural haze in the heavens. The factory was a greedy mass of brick, a ravenous form of iron. As much as it gobbled up all the landscape, it threatened that it might eat the onlookers too.”
― Dean F. Wilson, Hopebreaker

“If the Regime had a factory producing Hope, the Resistance had a factory producing the tools of despair.”
― Dean F. Wilson, Hopebreaker

“who put this brain inside of me?

it cries
it demands
it says that there is a chance.

it will not say
"no.”
― Charles Bukowski

“That’s the problem with letting the light in—after it’s been taken away from you, it feels even darker than it was before.”
― Kim Liggett, The Grace Year

“As a child, the adults were my heroes. But as an adult with cancer, it’s the children who are my heroes.”
― Bill Madden

“No matter what pain, what hard things come to us in life—and pain and trouble come to all of us—no matter what dark roads we walk or poor choices we make, it is not the end of the story.”
― Cathy Gohlke, Promise Me This

“Belief was a fraying rope bridge over a stormy sea. Strand by silver strand, I unraveled.”
― Moïra Fowley-Doyle, All the Bad Apples

“They survived on the bare bones of hope.”
― Moïra Fowley-Doyle, All the Bad Apples

“Algún día, Samuel, a nadie le preguntarán en qué cree o a quién reza, y todos los hombres seremos iguales.”
― Julia Navarro, Dispara, yo ya estoy muerto

“To find an immigration lawyer who doesn't charge or who charges low fees visit this state by state list from the U.S. Departtment of Justice website call USCIS at 1 800 375 5283 to ask about lawyers in your area.-Author, V J SMITH, SCAMS TARGETING IMMIGRANTS AND HOW NOT TO BE A VICTIM TO THEM”
― V J SMITH

“Without hope, there's no growth. Without growth, there is no life.”
― Noah Hawley, The Good Father

“I'm a speckled seal swimming past the breakers, a seabird with a wingspan so long I can fly for miles. I'm the new moon, hidden and safe from him, from everyone.”
― Kate Elizabeth Russell, My Dark Vanessa

“Don’t let anybody, anybody convince you this is the way the world is and therefore must be. It must be the way it ought to be.”
― Toni Morrison, The Source of Self-Regard: Selected Essays, Speeches, and Meditations

“Our past is bleak. Our future dim. But I am not reasonable. A reasonable man adjusts to his environment. And unreasonable man does not. All progress, therefore, depends on the unreasonable man. I prefer not to adjust to my environment. I refuse the prison of “I” and choose the open spaces of “we”.”
― Toni Morrison, The Source of Self-Regard: Selected Essays, Speeches, and Meditations

“Sometimes you get so high on life only because you truly know what it’s like to live from the bottom of the barrel.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“What's worse?
To live after losing hope, or die when you have suffered beyond limitless.”
― Somya Kedia

“Hope not, despair not.. The human race is the human race. Nothing can be done about it.”
― Marty Rubin

“To forgive ourselves for what we didn't do
Replay a scene over and over in mind
Change it change
Apologizing to our own story handful of soil
I could have planted something better here

To walk without remembering another walk
To wash off the hoped of a darkened day
Make a new one”
― Naomi Shihab Nye, The Tiny Journalist

“This year, we won't keep company with anger, bitterness and envy. Our inner circle will include hope, faith and joy.”
― Andrena Sawyer

“If you wish to cry, cry.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You find yourself selling dreams of spectacular hereafters, possible only if you believe, if you really, really, believe.”
― Akwaeke Emezi, Freshwater

“You always do things for others' sake without worrying about yourself or how you feel. But this time I want you to be selfish. It's okay to cry. Just don't shut me out. It's my turn to help you. This time let me be your hope.”
― Imania Margria, The Pacemaker

“A man find his own power through endurance of pain.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Mudah-mudahan di balik langit yang berkerdipan dengan bintang-bintang itu, tidak ada lagi kegelapan yang menghantui.”
― Norhisham Mustaffa, Persinggahan

“Her eyes softened. 'And in His sovereignty, He can take even the most painful things in our lives and somehow turn them into good, just as He promised in His Word. He can give us beauty for ashes. Again, we don’t understand how. We see the moment; He sees the whole—eternity past through eternity future. He promises weeping may tarry for the night, but joy cometh in the morning.'
Tears sprang into Grace’s eyes. She slipped her gaze to Mae again and gave her a tremulous smile. 'It is better, but still hard.'
'I know, dear. But this is not the end of your story.”
― Christy Martenson, Halstad House

“I firmly believe God is still in the business of miracles.”
― Christy Martenson, Halstad House

“My dreams and nightmares have the same people in them.”
― Jordan Hoechlin

“We cannot create hope where there is hopelessness or love where there is lovelessness. We cannot create repentance where there is unrepentance, but we can cry out to the God who can.”
― Jen Wilkin

“مشكلتك إنك شايف نفسك صغير و عاجز عن مواجهة أي حاجة في حين إن ربنا شايفك كبير و تقدر تهزم أي محن بيبتليك بيها لإن سبحانه و تعالى مش بيديلك غير الضربات اللي تقدر تستحملها و تخرج منك إنسان جديد ... أقوى من الأول.”
― نورهان إبراهيم, انعكاس

“Carefully make your choices.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Tell God all your troubles.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Trust in God at all times, even in times of troubles.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There is child in all of us that refuses to grow up, a child that is in awe of what can be, the polar opposite of the cynic in all of us who despairs over what is. Stories of magic, fantastic monsters, impossible courage and spectacular heroism appeal to this child, instilling it with hope and faith in humanity and in the cosmic order.”
― Shatrujeet Nath

“When we sing, we can do anything—change the world, bring peace, be our best selves at last. When we sing, our hearts can lift and fly, over the troubled waters and over the years.”
― Judy Collins, Sweet Judy Blue Eyes: My Life in Music

“The best resolution is the grace to repent.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“May every baby adorn our life with the power of hope and fill our hearts with the beauty of love.”
― ApolloM

“Every baby is an angel with wings of love and the light of hope.”
― ApolloM

“Hope is a mackerel sky.”
― Rainbow Harvest

“You're my heart, you're my miracle, you're my hope, you're my true angel.”
― ApolloM

“A baby is a messenger of the future carrying letters from the past, written in the language of love, hope and genetic imprints.”
― ApolloM

“Ah, my little angel! My paragon of love and my light of hope for the future.”
― ApolloM

“Sometimes we create such powerful illusions, so that we do not get lost in the darkness.”
― Christy Lefteri, The Beekeeper of Aleppo

“Education isn't education when you use it as makeup to cover the scars of your insecurities”
― Reginald Williams

“—El abuelo solía decir que todo empeora y luego mejora. O dikata njo, o dikwa mma —comentó Kainene.”
― Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Medio sol amarillo

“It's that season of unreasoning hope”
― Ruth Stone, In the Next Galaxy

“Do not get discourage in times of difficulties.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Embrace, Explore, Endure.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There was no hope of survival, anymore. I felt abandoned and betrayed. I never imagined such a terrible death and I was so conscious that it was happening now.”
― Sylvie Danielle Matias, The Shadows of Auldham

“Nature is all abundant...Nature suggests hope, joy, abundance, belief, regeneration, allowance, sharing, love, beauty and acceptance.”
― Sanchita Pandey, Lessons from My Garden

“There is no success like salvation”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The only reality is repentance.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A house that has books has hope.”
― Nitya Prakash

“May your want be turned into worship.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Christ is the center that holds all things together.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“and everything belongs to me but hope”
― Valzhyna Mort, Factory of Tears

“Her smile could persuade a dead lacerated heart”
― Sri Aurobindo, Savitri: A Legend and a Symbol

“It takes bravery to cry out, to release what is in your heart.”
― Christy Lefteri, The Beekeeper of Aleppo

“A man's life is like a burning candle ”
― Donovan Nqaba

“People act all surprised when someone dies i think thats a sign that they forget we not permanent residents on this  earth”
― Donovan Nqaba

“Tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your LIFE”
― Vinod Tiwari, From Dreaming to Achieving, in LIFE: Seven Success Secrets Unveiled inside

“She looked into my eyes, as if she could see me. In that moment I could see her too, the woman inside, the woman I'd lost. She was there with me, her soul open and present and clear as light. For those few seconds I was no longer afraid of the journey, of the road ahead.”
― Christy Lefteri, The Beekeeper of Aleppo

“When all is said and done I think the story tells us that hope is the heroes domain, not the fools. Because we dare to hope, even when doing so might undo us. We leave the worlds we create behind us, swirling in our wakes, eternal and effervescent with the beauty of our aspirations.”
― Daniel James Brown, The Indifferent Stars Above: The Harrowing Saga of a Donner Party Bride

“I couldn’t weep here, any more than I could hope. Of course he couldn’t stay: and much as I wanted him by me, I wanted even more that my friend have what he wanted for himself.”
― John Crowley, Ka: Dar Oakley in the Ruin of Ymr

“The crises in my life eventually served as catalysts to understand that I needed to make different choices to engage higher perspectives. In reading self-help and personal growth books, I began to understand when there is a reoccurring problem, such as the financial hardship we experienced, the underlying higher messages want to be revealed. They will make a continuous unyielding effort to get our attention. The opportunity that lies within crisis is, for you to be willing to look closely and identify the underlying patterns and message in what is happening around you.”
― Bridgitte Jackson-Buckley, The Gift of Crisis: How I Used Meditation to Go From Financial Failure to a Life of Purpose

“I know the solution isn't to allow myself to trust everyone in the hope that my trust will be rewarded, just as the approach of treating all situations and people with caution isn't an effective one. There is no right answer. All I can do is listen to my gut, trust in my instincts, rely on my fear, wear comfortable shows and believe in women when they tell me what they know or have seen. That's all the hope we can have.”
― Brodie Lancaster, No Way! Okay, Fine.

“If you've told a little boy that Big Boys don't cry, you've marginalized his voice”
― Reginald Williams

“If you truly are seeking answers of wholeness, why do you continue to engage in conversations rooted in partiality?”
― Reginald Williams

“We should not use the worst to define us as a people, and we use not use the best to excuse the bullshit of the worst.”
― Reginald Williams

“What he is really saying is this: this is how the story must end; our hearts can bear no more loss.”
― Christy Lefteri, The Beekeeper of Aleppo

“A man knows how to confront confrontation without being confrontational.”
― Reginald Williams

“An arrival always follows a departure. To achieve a goal you must depart from something.”
― Reginald Williams

“There is no satisfaction like the study of the Scriptures.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hope, child, is one of the most important things in life. With hope, we take the next step forward.”
― Ellen Read, The Treasure

“The Maker is Merciful.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“wenn es soweit ist will ich dabei sein... wenn du allen anderen nicht mehr in die Augen schaust, als hätten sie dir gerade den Krieg erklärt und wenn du merkst... dass manches zwar aussieht wie das Ende der Welt, sie in Wahrheit aber weiter geht, drüben auf der anderen Seite.”
― Kai Meyer, Die Arkadien Trilogie

“Do not doubt eternity of your existence,”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The greatest thing is to love God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“... and the hope, my dear, is when you go to sleep knowing that you will wake up in the morning!”
― Rodrigue Rizk

“I think writing Young Adult fiction is about writing into the realm of possibility. At that age, people are so much on the cusp between childhood and adulthood, and it's both this time of making decisions and this time of opportunity. I visualize it as a place where there are all these doors that are closed, but not necessarily locked. It's about kids having this choice—not every door is going to be easy to open. Some doors are going to be pulling back against those kids. But I think Young Adult literature is about opening those doors.”
― Samira Ahmed

“We must not only survive but strive.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A man lives on hope. He keeps thinking things will somehow straighten themselves out.”
― Romain Gary, Au-delà de cette limite votre ticket n'est plus valable

“You see hope in dark places and defend true love. You’re saving happy endings and giving them out because you believe in love, even if it’s a hard road.”
― Fiona Riley, Miss Match

“Tongues of Fire

This is what's become of us: I am
confused by mourning, and he is the sun
that goes to sleep on top of me, undone
by moonrise. Lover, all I speak is iambs

and slant rhyme. That devil lamb
of light called hope is sacrificed and none
too pleased with having lost its bleat. The stone
has rolled away but God's not gone and damn

it, I'm no fan of the weather here, it rains
too often, bones of doves and angel down
until the ground stains red with sighs and blood.

It is wet and cold. Will you explain
again the why of all there is and how
he caught me in the act, discovering God?”
― Jill Alexander Essbaum, Heaven

“Every sprig of hope I plant
turns wilty in my palm”
― Jill Alexander Essbaum, Heaven

“Tell your brain to be kind to you today. Easy on the memories, heavy on hope, and quiet with the criticism.”
― Nitya Prakash

“I secretly do a pregnancy test every day. It’s always negative. I just want to be sure, seeing as this is the last try. I’m going to do a pregnancy test every single day until my period comes. If I’m still doing tests, I’ve still got something to live for. Still got hope. But it’s the hope that kills you. Every day I torture myself looking at the little window on the white tester stick, waiting and waiting. No blue line.”
― Viv Albertine, Clothes, Clothes, Clothes. Music, Music, Music. Boys, Boys, Boys

“At all times, trust in God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Barangkali harap adalah kefanaan
yang memabukkan siapa saja
dari hidup yang sementara.”
― Robi Aulia Abdi (@aksarataksa)

“I always have hope,” Alaric said. “Hope, child, is one of the most important things in life. With hope, we take the next step forward."

Ellen Read, The Treasure”
― Ellen Read

“To convert is to convinced”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“With so many trees in the city, you could see the spring coming each day until a night of warm wind would bring it suddenly in one morning. [...] Part of you died each year when leaves fell from the tress and their branches were bare against the wind and the cold, wintry light. But you knew there would always be the spring, as you knew the river would flow again after it was frozen.”
― Ernest Hemingway

“Oh darling,
if the universe would need the love of us careless humans
to keep its restless heart alive
the sky would be full of dead stars.”
― Laura Chouette

“A baby is the most powerful person on earth, for they are born with the power of pure love and precious hope.”
― Apollo

“Oh! it is hard to take to heart the lesson that such deaths will teach, but let no man reject it, for it is one that all must learn, and is a mighty, universal Truth. When Death strikes down the innocent and young, for every fragile form from which he lets the panting spirit free, a hundred virtues rise, in shapes of mercy, charity, and love, to walk the world, and bless it. Of every tear that sorrowing mortals shed on such green graves, some good is born, some gentler nature comes.”
― Charles Dickens, The Old Curiosity Shop

“Fonny had found something that he could do, that he wanted to do, and this saved him from the death that was waiting to overtake the children of our age. Though the death took many forms, though people died early in many different ways, the death itself was very simple and the cause was simple, too: as simple as a plague: the kids had been told that they weren’t worth shit and everything they saw around them proved it.”
― James Baldwin, If Beale Street Could Talk

“Waste no time to worry but pray about everything.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“So long as the future remains unwritten, there's hope.”
― Marty Rubin

“Praying is a pleasurable paradise.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Praying is a holy pilgrimage.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Touch everyone and everything with your soul
For there resides the secret of every happiness”
― Mimi Novic, Brilliance of Dawn

“God is "teaching us something very meaningful" – whether of the unexpected powers of endurance of those affected or the hidden depths of compassion of those who respond.”
― Sophia Skaalerud

“This is what I know - Sam is dead. My brother is dead. My mother is dead. My father is dead. My husband is dead. My cat is dead. My dog, who was dead in 1957, is still dead. Yet still I keep thinking that something wonderful is about to happen. Maybe tomorrow.”
― Patti Smith, Year of the Monkey

“i look up in
hope, dreaming to be
brightened up, and
begotten out of
this hazy funk, and
suddenly, i
see
my light glowing
high above me, she
is
warming certainty
wearing her
angelic halo, as
my spirits rise up to
kiss her, i smile
clearly”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Smith Impressionist Photography

“Hopeless change be contagious, but hope can be too. And there is no medicine to match it.”
― Mitch Albom, Finding Chika: A Little Girl, an Earthquake, and the Making of a Family

“The depth at which we take in the preceding generations astonishes me. There is likely an epigenetic component to this as well as transmission through the internalizations that get passed down through the generations. Whole cultures are carried forward that way, so it makes sense that family legacies might be transmitted that way as well.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“No holiness, no heaven.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Endurance is painful but perfect the soul with the spirit.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Singleness of purpose is the key to success.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Without God, there is no grace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A poet's promise gives readers permission - to hope for a better future.”
― Emily Weis

“Stand firm in your faith.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Wait patiently but watch prayerfully.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We never know what we must endure.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Death of a beloved leaves a deep hole in our heart.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Dear self, you have your own flaws. That is why you should learn to trust in God, more than you trust your own thoughts. Your own thoughts can derail you from your purpose. Your own thoughts can limit you from reaching your maximum potential. Self, trust God and you will never go wrong.”
― Gift Gugu Mona

“Hopelessness can be contagious, but hope can be too. And there is no medicine to match it.”
― Mitch Albom, Finding Chika: A Little Girl, an Earthquake, and the Making of a Family

“Jen represented hope; and hope, she instinctively knew, would always be shadowed with pain, just as her despair, now, in the niche behind the tapestry, was shadowed with something like opposite of pain--a numbed uncaring, an acceptance of the thrall of death, almost a fervent wish for it.”
― A.C.H. Smith, The Dark Crystal

“We might ask what role relational neuroscience plays in these kinds of experiences. For me, it begins with the body. Cultivating an understanding -- and most importantly a felt sense -- of these neural pathways helps us attune body to body with our people as they enter these deeper, more challenging realms. Through resonance, our capacity to attend to our bodies while remaining in a ventral state gradually becomes theirs. An indispensable support comes from our left hemisphere's deepening understanding of the particulars of the healing process. The stability this provides helps our right stay as engaged as possible in the relationship with all its emerging uncertainty. When Joshua became so suddenly depressed, Jaak Panksepp came to mind, so I could remain curious rather than scared. When Caroline entered increasingly intense states with her mother, Stephen Porges helped me remain mindful of our joined windows of tolerance and the necessity of staying in connection for co-regulation and disconfirmation to occur.

The whole process of leading, following and responding rests on his statement, "Safety IS the treatment". In the broadest way, Dan Siegel's voice fosters deep acquaintance with the principles of interpersonal neurobiology, which supports hope for healing, confidence in our inherent health, and appreciation for our co-organizing brains. Each of these strands of knowledge increases our trust in the process. You may sense yourself adding to the list those that have been most helpful for you.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“This was the unexpected ... unforeseeable resolution of the paradox ... her personal goodness was no longer the issue because it had been replaced by the sweetness of relationship.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“I have other stories just as mysterious, just as beautiful, just as sacred, but it seems good to stop here and wonder if it is possible for us to begin to let go of our expectations about the shape in which healing may arrive, to trust the treatment plan lying dormant and waiting within our people, to cultivate a gradually gathering stillness so that, in the safety of the space between, healing pathways have the possibility of revealing themselves.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“The thin shell of hope cracked, and my thoughts, emotions, and fears scrambled.”
― Bianca Bowers, Cape of Storms

“I’m not interested in some theoretic sermon that ends with a hope and prayer, Dad. I need to hear something real. Something that literally broke the fabric of your life. A story that ends with proof of life instead of some wishy-washy platitude.”
― Bianca Bowers, Cape of Storms

“Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a desire fulfilled is a tree of life”
― Proverbs 13:12

“In a world with so much darkness, we must recognize and praise the good, no matter how small for each gem of goodness shines when held up to the light and gives up hope that our world is worth saving.”
― Nitya Prakash

“I believe, someday I would be loved like I want to be loved. By the person, I want to be loved by. In a place where there would be love alone. And no room for doubt or fear. Yes, I believe in miracles.”
― Nitya Prakash

“... and the hope, my dear, is when you go to sleep knowing that you may not wake up in the morning!”
― Rodrigue Rizk

“the redwoods are like no other trees...find a secluded grove and tilt your head back 90 degrees, and look up into the green canopies far above you, your spirits are bound to rise for you are surrounded by such giants of beauty, beautiful spirits themselves reaching for the sky”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Smith Impressionist Photography

“Without God, there is no grace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“once upon a time, i met a flower. she was so innocent, yet so wise. she was glitter and wildness. softness and sweet fragrance. she was a flock of fireflies that danced through the forest and swam naked in moonlight. she was the first soul i bared myself to, only one i was completely honest with about the things that shamed me...we wandered through the world in a bubble of our own making, floating free, full of pastels so colorful, full of fairy dust, sunbeams, and feathers. we drew people towards us like sirens in the water, wanting what we had. but we fluttered away like butterflies hopping from lily pad to lily pad, giggling all the while. we told each other the real hard truth, and listened, and laughed and cried out our hearts. when i was going through a tough time, she once told me to pick a place, anywhere in the world, and she’d be there with me, even if she couldn't be...she was my flower. she taught me about generosity, about giving with deep trust that it would return somehow somewhere. and it always does. she taught me to love people for who they are, and to just let them be, in their own flower field. i met a flower. she taught me to live in love. to bloom, and listen. now i am alive, in love”
― Bodhi Smith

“i dreamed, to
breath, to
sigh, to
float, above
clouds, over
watertops, through
fields of flowers, across
sunrise and sunset
painting romance
impressions, all throughout
my every atom.

for the longest time, i
waited, for
my dream flower”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Smith Impressionist Photography

“with the right amount of light, even the darkest of darkness glows”
― Bodhi Smith

“He wanted to talk, and she wanted more than anything to see him smile.”
― Katlyn Grace, Finding Hope

“We were never taught how to give up hope, and this is why today we perish in gas chambers.”
― Tadeusz Borowski, This Way for the Gas, Ladies and Gentlemen

“We are never too old or too wounded to receive healing waves of the personal delight of another.

... at its best, it transcends being delighted with a particular happening and is instead the reflection to us, and often to one another, of an enduring bond that is bigger than any single occurrence between us.

When we are small and see that look on our parents faces, there is such an affirmation that we are good, lovable, welcome.

These experiences go deep into us and become an implicit foundation for drawing in warm companions throughout our lives.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Hope rises like smoke from the forest. I can’t let myself follow it yet.”
― Moïra Fowley-Doyle, Spellbook of the Lost and Found

“America, what happened to your optimism, your new frontiers, your simple Rockwell dreams? I'm plunging into your night, America, pushing myself deep into your heart like a knife, but the blade of my weapon is hope.”
― Salman Rushdie, Quichotte

“We humans are always seeking the warmest attachments we can imagine”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“I want to believe in a new thing, Lord. I want that more than anything. I want to forget the old things—the bad and ugly things that have sent me here. Please let me see your hand in all of this. Let me see the path through this wilderness.”
― Tracie Peterson, A Lady of High Regard

“How we speak about the awakening of these memories may influence the ferocity with which they arrive ... One therapist says this: 'even the gentlest sensory breeze can touch and awaken these old memories in our bodies. We are so tender and so available for healing.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“We live within and beyond our own skin at the same time.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“our brains are continuously yearning for the arrival of a co-organizing other”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“In any attachment encounter, there is both what we perceive being offered and our embodied response to it.

If we call to mind, heart and body three or four people with whom we've had particularly close relationships, how do our bodies respond to their offers of connection?

We can begin by being with muscles, belly, heart and breath. How does our body want to move?”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Each of our parents and others close to us offer their unique version of attachment, so while we have four categories to give us a general outline of what may occur, we will find that each person's expression of each style is as individual as a fingerprint.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Disguised as a friend, my thoughts waltz in, asking if reason would like to dance...logic, being a gentleman, said nothing, and i was fooled again.”
― Genesis the Greykid, Words In Grey: Genesis the Greykid

“Girls and their dates still got dressed to go to the Apollo for amateur night but by 1968 pretty much every representation of hope in the country had been put up against a wall and shot.”
― Ann Patchett, The Dutch House

“In the castle of lurid Smiles,
In the realm of void Ecstasy,
In the clutches of mad Nostalgia -
There flowed a river of serene Tranquility,
Charmed by the halo of yet unknown.

And there she trespassed -
To hear the resonance of her soul,
To touch the rainbow of her sun,
To feel the nerve of her being.

She seemed to love her nest,
A tender bud caressing the depth of sweet Solitude.
Yet she longed to traverse through that river,
Crossing the limps of jolting Madness.

For sometimes she heard the beckoning of a Rainbow,
Burning the sky of a distant land,
Charmed by the halo of yet known.”
― Debatrayee Banerjee, A Whispering Leaf. . .

“Carter once told me that we shouldn’t fear putting the past behind us. He said that God is about doing new things—creating beauty out of the ashes of despair and defeat.”
― Tracie Peterson , A Lady of Hidden Intent

“We stayed with the one who felt dead inside, acknowledging his protective value, even though we had no cognitive awareness of who and what he was sheltering ...

'What is this depression, this one who is so still, wanting to tell us?”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Bit by bit, our people begin to embody the changed anticipation of being cared for and treated with kindness and respect.

Part of what strengthens this new way of being comes from us having co-internalized one another.

We continue to be their reflective companion on the outside, and they will also feel how we continue to carry them with us in our inner world.

It is quite beautiful to watch this healing unfold, often revealing itself as changes in body, feeling, behavior, relational choices first, then later affirmed in more frequent words of tenderness toward themselves.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Success is always found in unknown places and you can never reach such places without hope and belief.”
― nitin namdeo

“Hope eliminates all kinds of fear and makes you stronger.”
― nitin namdeo

“Hope Kills Anxiety.”
― Trey Knowles

“To believe is to obey.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hope is a healer.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Begin each day with the blessings of a prayer.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Depression always brings to mind the possibility that the person's SEEKING system may have been turned off ...

Our mutual trust in his system's wisdom kept us from being swept away by the despair he felt. We began to ask, "what is this depression, this one who is so still, wanting to tell us?" Then we waited.

We stayed with the one who felt dead inside, acknowledging his protective value even when though we had no cognitive awareness of who and what he was sheltering.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“In these pages, we keep returning to one foundational principle: providing the possibility of emotional/relational safety for our people, be they patients, children, partners, friends or strangers.

We are able to make this offer when they are experiencing their own neuroception of safety, not continuously, but as the baseline to which we return after our system has adaptively moved into sympathetic arousal or dorsal withdrawal in response to inner and outer conditions.

When we neuroceive safety, we humans automatically begin to open into vulnerability, and the movement of our "inherent treatment plan" (Sills, 2010) has a greater probability of coming forward.

When we have a neuroception of threat, we adaptively tighten down at many levels, from physical tension to activation of the protective skills we have learned over a lifetime (Levine, 2010). In that state, our innate healing path will often wisely stay hidden until more favorable conditions arrive.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Farmers are professional hopers.”
― Kristin Kimball, Good Husbandry

“... when an experience is too strong for our current internal and external regulatory resource to manage ... [chemical changes activate to] tuck these pathways into our ... body.

In this way, our ongoing lives are protected from the constant incursion of the raw pain and fear and the injured parts of ourselves are partly shielded from new injury.

We might say they have been enwombed, awaiting the arrival of support.

At the same time, the memories also remain malleable enough that they can be touched and awakened, which is essential for healing.

However, we also remain vulnerable to them being brought into activity when support isn't available... a frowning face (man or woman), certain breathing patterns, and even sensory fragments (the color of a person's shirt or hair, the smell of alcohol on someone's breath) all have some probability of awakening the terror.

The widely dispersed individual streams that make up these memories are all gathered into the neural net that formed at the time of the initial experience, and when our outer or inner world tugs on any strand, there is some probability that more of the neural net will open, bringing the rush of embodied feelings. Most often, the explicit memory does not arrive at the same time, so there is no context for the flood of sensations and emotions, which feels as if they are related to what is happening right now ....

What can look like an out-of-proportion response to what is happening in the moment is exactly in proportion to what is unfolding internally.

If we sense this so deeply that this knowing is viscerally available when our patients are having strong emotional experiences, we will be able to offer them acknowledgement of the validity of their experience rather than having to control or change it.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“implicit memory can change”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“profound resources of inherent wisdom and health are alive in us”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Every dream is laughable until they've seen you achieve it.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Success is just a stepping stone to what you've already achieved.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Make it happen, or it won't.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Whatever you desire, you must first become.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Dreams are conceived when you factor in and implement the small steps that will lead you to your victory!”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“I would have cried, if I had any sorrow left. I would have shouted, if anger still burned within me. But there was nothing, nothing but hope and despair, and despair was winning.”
― S. Jae-Jones, Wintersong

“It is our duty to pray, for such an act brings us to the presence of the Mighty GOD, who desires to show mercy to all who call upon His HOLY name.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We were humbled by every hardship.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Stop and consider! life is but a day;
A fragile dewdrop on its perilous way
From a tree's summit; a poor Indian's sleep
While his boat hastens to the monstrous steep
Of Montmorenci. Why so sad a moan?
Life is the rose's hope while yet unblown;
The reading of an ever-changing tale;
The light uplifting of a maiden's veil;
A pigeon tumbling in clear summer air;
A laughing schoolboy, without grief or care,
Riding the springy branches of an elm.”
― John Keats, Bright Star: Love Letters and Poems of John Keats to Fanny Brawne

“Mystery exist in every moment.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“கதைகள்தான் நல்லவர்களின் கடைசி நம்பிக்கை. பறவைகள், விலங்குகள், மரம், செடி, கொடியென இயற்கை எல்லாம் நமக்கு துணை நிற்க, அழித்தொழிப்பவர்கள் வீழ்வார்கள்; அழிக்கப்பட்டவர்கள் எழுவார்கள் என்ற நம்பிக்கையை கதையன்றி வேறு யார் கொடுப்பது?”
― Su. Venkatesan, வீரயுக நாயகன் வேள்பாரி [Veerayuga Nayagan Velpaari]

“Never give up hope, that’s the one thing that makes you keep going.”
― Nitin Namdeo

“Hope and despair are never together.”
― Nitin Namdeo

“Hope, faith, and confidence can miraculously change the life of any person.”
― Nitin Namdeo

“Often, people give up when the distance between their hope and outcome is too short.”
― Nitin Namdeo

“Even a little ray of hope has the potential to turn you into a big star.”
― Nitin Namdeo

“Hope is good, but it’s more like examination result, we need to prepare, appear & than wait for result; hope is good, problem comes when people, despite lackadaisical efforts, still wait for days which aren't even part of their calendar.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Each moment knows its own mystery.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The darkness as well as the light were divinely ordered to fulfill a sacred purpose.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Maybe it took the ugly things--the ashes, the scraps, the dirt--to grow the beautiful things.”
― Grace A. Johnson, Prisoner at Heart

“In various paradigms of practice, we have called these protectors "defenses" or "resistances", as though they were objects that needed to be moved out of the way. This is understandable, because we see that these parts of ourselves sometimes cause injury if we view them only from the outer perspective, without opening to the ways they are sheltering our inner world.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Only if we are able to widen the lens to take in the bigger picture that includes both the outer challenges and the inner distress do we begin to sense that the protectors are in proportion to what is in need of shelter. It is our system's sense that moving the safeguard aside and allowing the implicit to emerge would be more harmful than whatever the protector is doing in this moment.”
― Bonnie Badenoch

“As we make the journey inward with our people, we will come to the next challenge to our compassion: those inner community members who have actively bought harm to the young ones inside. This is such tender territory, a place where we need to acknowledge the suffering our people have sustained without demonizing and alienating the ones who bought it, for they are now part of the ones in our care as well. This can be radical inclusiveness at its most healing, widening our joined windows of tolerance to truly accept every part.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“It can help us keep our balance to distinguish between the living people who were hurtful and the internalized ones who are now part of our neurobiology. Those who harmed us may never change, but once they become part of us, they seem to partake in our impulse towards healing.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Each time I experience the unseen wisdom of a person's system, it deepens my trust in the inner process unfolding and my awe at the way we are organized to be protected until the possibility of healing arrives.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“The bodily experience we have taken in from [other people that our body has internalized as 'imported parts'] will affect our muscles, belly and heart brains, autonomic nervous system, eyes, ears and vocal cords when they are active in us. While carrying this much of others can feel like an overwhelming burden, it is also the open door to healing, since their aliveness inside us means they can be touched with the ... care that others might offer us.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“May we each find a forest-bathing path that can be a daily balm in this taxing world.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Traumas embed when our system is overwhelmed by pain and fear without having sufficient internal resources or companionship to help integrate the experience ...

Our people may see others being present, but as either unavailable for support or actively injurious, or the experience may have been so terrifying that even had someone tried to help, our people might not have been able to receive it ...

what remains now is a sense of isolation with the remaining anguish and terror. Over the years, I have found that as soon as a sense of accompaniment enters the memory, there is a new foundation for doing the work. Just as our people have internalized those who injured them, that same capacity can bring us inside to support processing the emotions and to resolve this primary wound of being alone.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“For me, hearing a relational history at the beginning of our work helps me form pictures of some encounters that bought pain and others that offered empathic support. Early in life, who comforted this person? Who kept her safe? Who was distant? Who needed her to regulate them? Who felt dangerous? Who bought confusion or chaos? Who criticized and who was accepting? We might quickly discover that one person brought contradictory experiences - the confusing one also comforted, or the dangerous one at home was a primary support of safety in the outside world. All this helps us begin to feel into the qualities of relatedness our person has taken in.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“We can perhaps hold both the desire to separate from these bodily memories and the willingness to be with them in the broad embrace of welcome and compassion.

I do believe this kind of acceptance is a lifetime's work that inevitably leads to 'failure' at times. Our biology wants to protect us from what may harm us, and the arising of implicit memory can feel quite threatening.

If we can soften towards our own tendency to want to move away and offer to begin again with gestures of inclusion, this is likely what is possible and optimal for us humans.

Humility and grace are perhaps the gifts of this tension, gifts that we can then extend to our people in the form of honoring their struggle.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Yes, the world is full of unspeakable cruelty. But the answer wasn't to never feel hope, or bliss, or love-but to savor every fleeting, precious second of those feelings when they came.”
― Katherine Center, Things You Save in a Fire

“Whenever you feel there is no hope, Remember you”
― Kuldeep chauhan

“Not all roads are pretty and worth something. They are hard, overwhelming and shake you to your core, but in the tiny cracks of light that keep you moving forward holds tiny moments of hope. And in a dark place, hope is a grande’ thing.”
― Nikki Rowe

“The memories are always with us, but sometimes we can ease the way for others. That is what we must do, use our pain to build understanding and empathy, not to build walls. Then it is transformed into a thing of beauty, then our suffering has value.”
― Rachel Linden, The Enlightenment of Bees

“Have you ever hurt your heart wanting, wanting for years,
asking why what happened
happened, hoping beyond the last desire to feel hope—”
― Suji Kwock Kim, Notes from the Divided Country: Poems

“It is difficult to sleep when you are besieged by hope.”
― Katherine Rundell, The Good Thieves

“Despair is not your portion.”
― Paul Brady

“سيان ان احيا او اموت، الايمان اقوى من الموت، والموت أهون من الذل فهنيئا لنا الامل الذي هانت بجانبه الحياة. واهلا بصباح جديد من الحرية وليقض الله ما هو قاض..”
― نجيب محفوظ

“[A]ll of the experiments in government from below, whether during the U.S. Revolution or recently in Oaxaca, were shortlived. They would be deemed to be failures by many but the very fact that they happened at all makes them small victories. [W]e must maintain the necessary humility to work out how to make these dreams more lasting, first of all by working together and combining what is best from the anarchist and Marxist traditions. Yet it is still important to remember the victories and the people who made them.”
― Staughton Lynd, Wobblies and Zapatistas: Conversations on Anarchism, Marxism and Radical History

“When they want to know about your latest relationship, tell them the moon didn't return your phone call last night, but you are hopeful.”
― Aimee Herman, Meant to Wake Up Feeling

“God says, "I know the plans I have for you, plans for good and not for evil, plans for a future and a hope.”
― Jeremiah - Bible

“Transformation is not about an emotion: it is about a commitment to a process of good will, and anyone can do it.”
― Ruth Morris, Stories of Transformative Justice

“Fairy tales, you’ll say. But you know what? People need a good fairy tale every now and then. People invented fairy tales and filled them with monsters so they wouldn’t become monsters themselves. Because the truth can turn you into a monster. You have to become a monster if you want to withstand the truth.”
― Christos Ikonomou

“Never get used to the FAILURE and never lose hope, even when you see your efforts going in vain, because it’s the hope that keeps the fire burning, remember those who GET USED to sleeping under the skies soon stop dreaming of roofs, and it’s the hope which keeps the dream alive.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“And hope never abandoned us - only we could abandon it.”
― Nadine Brandes, Romanov

“Children are starving for story, the kind that builds on hope, the kind that echos for a lifetime. We need story in our lives, not dreams based on greed.”
― Maxwell King, The Good Neighbor: The Life and Work of Fred Rogers

“The hope that we may one day awaken to a condition of life utterly different from that which we experience daily makes men willing victims of every form of tyranny and suppression. Man is stultified by hope and fear.”
― Henry Miller, The Books in My Life

“…we have futures. That means we can make things true…”
― Iris Murdoch, The Sea, The Sea

“She firmly believed that fears were best fought head-on. Courage being fear stuffed with hope and whatnot.”
― Kristin O'Donnell Tubb, The Story Collector

“For the next weeks, I hit snooze over and over in some wild hope that the morning would just pack up and leave me alone.”
― Brittany Cavallaro, A Study in Charlotte

“I wish I had been what I thought I was; and so debonnaire; and so debonnaire.”
― Zelda Fitzgerald, Dear Scott, Dearest Zelda: The Love Letters of F. Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald

“THE HEART OF THE MATTER
Chaos bleeds the land;
Nothing thrives well when there is great divide;
It’s the heart issues that move a man;
tolerance must be on all sides.”
― Traci Lea LaRussa

“Never be quick to judge a man.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Faith overcomes fear.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Sometimes the lowest and darkest moments of our lives are the best moments to reckon, because they humbled us, squashed us, and forced us to go beyond our limits, not only to hope, but to be creative in finding value and meaning even in unbearable pain, loss, illness, or rejection.
— Danny Castillones Sillada, an existentialist and surrealist painter”
― Danny Castillones Sillada

“ليس المجتمع الذي نحلم به بخال من الشر، فلا خير في مجتمع يخلو من نقص يحث على الكمال. ولكن المجتمع الذي نحلم به يمحو شرورا نراها في وضعنا الحالي ضربا من القضاء والقدر.”
― Naguib Mahfouz, القاهرة الجديدة

“I hadn’t thought of—let alone said—“Soul Leading” in many years, and stumbled awkwardly through the words. Ian spoke it without hesitation, though, and I wondered how often he had used it through those years.

The words seemed puny and powerless, swallowed among the sounds of hay rustling and beasts chewing. But I felt a tiny bit of comfort for having said them. Perhaps it was only that the sense of reaching out to something larger than yourself gives you some feeling that there is something larger—and there really has to be, because plainly you aren’t sufficient to the situation. I surely wasn’t.”
― Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone

“The greatest secret to life's success is to help someone else achieve it.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“A strong animal with a weak mind is feeble in front of his foes.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Celebrities want to be treated like normal people and normal people want to be treated like celebrities. There's a balance to all things.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“The oppression of anonymity and lack of human contact can inveigle people to reinvent themselves, rethink their lives and give hope a chance. Once they have broken down the wall of apathy and reached the wellness of concern, they can realize what it feels to be missed. ("Knowing someone was waiting")”
― ERIK PEVERNAGIE

“When I listened to her, I understood: You have to hold out to see how your life unfolds, because it is most likely beyond what you can imagine. It is not a question of if you will survive this, but what beautiful things await you when you do. I had to believe her, because she was living proof. Then she said, Good and bad things come from the same universe holding hands. Wait for the good to come.”
― Chanel Miller, Know My Name: A Memoir

“So New Year, I have too many hopes in you..

I hope you lead me safely to the shore.
I hope you can be nice to me, just nice and nothing more.
I hope you vanquish this tornado of sores.

I don't ask the sun to be always shining.
I don't ask the day to be much longer.
I don't ask the guiding stars to be brighter.
I don't ask for more flowers or more powers.
I don't ask the sky to be clear from clouds,
so no rain of misery and frustration to be found.

All I ask for is some peace around.
All I ask for is some peace of mind.

So New Year, I have too many hopes in you.
My wishes are infinite, what are you going to do?
Don't disappoint me, I suppose... you already know!”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Let the sky celebrate!
Let it pour some rain
to wash away the past years' grief.

Let the fireworks speak
announcing a New Year to break,
displaying seasons of different flavours.

Oh New Year, can you restore our hopes and spill our fears?

I wonder.. What will you bring?
Happiness, confusion, or sadness?
Let the other years witness..
your joy, your pity, your cruelty, and your niceness.

So New Year, I have too many hopes in you.
My wishes are infinite, what are you going to do?
Don't disappoint me, I suppose you already know.
The hope fountain knows no chains,
Don't tell me it's all in vain..
Tell me how I can refrain myself from dreaming in my dale.
If only there was a chance or even an opportunity in disguise,
I wouldn't cease proving and proving my worth all the time,
I would use my ship to sail,
And you will witness my success..
This is what I promise,
And here comes the test..
Let me declare it in that feast..

So New Year, I have too many hopes in you..”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Did I tell you about Cilka?" "No, Lale, you didn't. Who was Cilka?" "She was the bravest person I ever met. Not the bravest girl, the bravest person.”
― Heather Morris, Cilka's Journey

“It's time to live now, Cilka," he says. "Without fear, and with the miracle of love." "Is that a poem?" she asks him, smiling through her tears. "It is the beginning of one.”
― Heather Morris, Cilka's Journey

“One can only hope, as his life comes to end, there were more prayers in his favor, than curses lacking amend. "Tares among the Wheat" H. Melvin James, c. 2019”
― H. Melvin James

“I think of Gould and his essay every time I have a patient with a terminal illness. There is almost always a long tail of possibility, however thin. What’s wrong with looking for it? Nothing, it seems to me, unless it means we have failed to prepare for the outcome that’s vastly more probable. The trouble is that we’ve built our medical system and culture around the long tail. We’ve created a multitrillion-dollar edifice for dispensing the medical equivalent of lottery tickets—and have only the rudiments of a system to prepare patients for the near certainty that those tickets will not win. Hope is not a plan, but hope is our plan.”
― Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End

“There are no second chances at life.”
― Timothy Peak, To Heaven and Back With Angels

“Don’t be ashamed by your mistakes, they only prove that you try hard and never give up.”
― Riley Czarkowski

“After every full stop there is hope of a new beginning, use it.”
― KRJPD

“Yet, the gospel offers hope for wandering hearts like ours. The Bible reveals that instead of judging all of humanity in one fell swoop —God visited us in our despair. The gospel is the story of God writing himself into human history. Of course, if God really does exist, then he has been a part of the story from the very beginning. Thus, the gospel is really not our introduction to God but rather our re-introduction.”
― Dan DeWitt, Jesus or Nothing

“This is specifically the point of the gospel: Jesus has taken all our sin. And faith in him cleanses us from all transgressions and all unrighteousness. Jesus bore the full weight of our sin in our place. As a substitute he took it all. He took it all out of the way. He nailed it all to his cross.”
― Dan DeWitt, Jesus or Nothing

“The cosmos is filled with purpose because there is a God above. Our hearts are intrinsically and acutely aware that there is more to us than chemical reactions in laws of physics. Our short lives find meaning in the Creator of the heavens and earth. Though death awaits us all, it is not the end.”
― Dan DeWitt, Jesus or Nothing

“The gospel gives an explanation for our existence, clarity for our confusion, grace for our guilt, meaning for our morality, and answers for our adversaries. The gospel makes sense of the world while filling life with meaning and purpose.”
― Dan DeWitt, Jesus or Nothing

“If you were built for optimism, you just had to figure out a way to stay that way. We couldn't keep not caring, even if we wanted to; we just weren't made for it. I felt an unexpected throb of empathy for pessimists: You can't help it, either.”
― Jayson Greene, Once More We Saw Stars: A Memoir

“But our position is so weak. I mean, we are sleeping with different guys every night. So even if you want attention, you can't say anything so selfish as that. You aren't even sure if you're an item. You give yourself insurance, like, It wont last, anyhow, but all you can do is hold on to a faint hope along with your knees—but you never know.

That's a prostitute's love.”
― Ko Hiratori, JK Haru is a Sex Worker in Another World: Summer

“The cradle of JOY lies in the bossom of hope that someday, we’d ride on the wings of the victories of many a battle fought and won .
Try this- ‘Be strong and courageous..... you’d overcome as long as the sun rises at dawn and sets at dusk.”
― Kelechi Erondu

“We were somewhere in between, somewhere I could see the light and the dark. Somewhere I could see the world when all I saw was you.”
― Saim .A. Cheeda

“It's a trap!”
― Jar-Jar Binks

“Hope plays an enormous part in everyone's life. Hope makes the impossible possible.”
― Lorna Byrne, A Message of Hope from the Angels

“The importance of hope should never be underestimated. With hope in our heart, we can do so much.”
― Lorna Byrne, A Message of Hope from the Angels

“Eddy tells me his book is basically an argument against suicide. Every page contains a reason not to kill yourself.”
― Louise Erdrich, Future Home of the Living God

“With Life comes Handy..
Struggles & Sorrows;
& so does Hope, Faith & Smile!”
― Somya Kedia

“I'd thought you'd given up on me.”
― Heather Morris, Cilka's Journey

“When there is not a single ray of Hope left,
I dare to dream even More!

That's me!”
― Somya Kedia

“Hope- it's a strange, invisible thing, but people hold on to it tight because it's what we need to keep breathing. And it's what has kept me breathing for these past two years.”
― Aisling Magic, Silent Music

“There will be music for you
one day.”
― Andrea Gibson, Lord of the Butterflies

“When you’re at your wits end without a clue of what to expect, you’re tired, frustrated, overwhelmed and at a loss for words, just know that a chapter of your life is winding down and another unfolding. Rather than stay gloomy, pained or worn out , speak peace, learn the curves and smile through as you watch the fresh buds of your new chapter blossom in magnificent beauty and glory”
― Kelechi Eronduu

“az erőszak
ketté-
szakít

de el
nem
pusztít”
― Rupi Kaur, Milk and Honey

“I continue to exists, only because with existence there is still hope.”
― Pierce Brown, Dark Age

“When we plant trees, we plant the seeds of peace and hope.”
― Wangari Maathai

“Might I wish to be all that I can be and not fall victim to all that I fear to be.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Friends, your struggles don't mean that you're weak; they mean you're human. Your inexperience doesn't mean you won't succeed; it means you haven't yet.”
― Rachel Hollis, Girl, Stop Apologizing: A Shame-Free Plan for Embracing and Achieving Your Goals

“You're not going to achieve anything if you don't get comfortable with the idea of achievement.”
― Rachel Hollis, Girl, Stop Apologizing: A Shame-Free Plan for Embracing and Achieving Your Goals

“Dreams are things you hope for, for your life. Dreams are the things that occur to you as you go about your day.”
― Rachel Hollis, Girl, Stop Apologizing: A Shame-Free Plan for Embracing and Achieving Your Goals

“You were made to have the dreams you're afraid of having. You were made to do things that you don't think you're qualified for. You were made to be a leader, You were made to contribute. You were made to make changes for good, oth in your local community and the world at large. You were made to be more than you are today and - this is the important part - your version of more might not look like my more, or hers.”
― Rachel Hollis, Girl, Stop Apologizing: A Shame-Free Plan for Embracing and Achieving Your Goals

“Suffering produces endurance,’ he reads. ‘And endurance produces character and character produces hope.’ I feel his hand gently on my back. ‘And hope does not put us to shame.”
― Lisa Heathfield, Paper Butterflies

“Sparks are what give us ideas.
They keep us going when darkness is all around us.
They can fill us with hope.
They can make the world seem sane again.
Remember:
Just because it is dark and gloomy doesn't mean that there is no light.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“…though under temporary gloom at night, the return of day will hardly fail to bring return of spirits. The youth and cheerfulness of morning are in happy analogy, and of powerful operation; and if the distress be not poignant enough to keep the eyes unclosed, they will be sure to open to sensations of softened pain and brighter hope.”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice, and Emma

“Love and well wishes,” he tells me. “Stars and sunrise. Hopes and health. May truth walk with you.”
“As does my heart,” I respond.”
― Lesli Richardson, Jailmates

“Should I write about how badly shattered I am?
Or carve the words of what's next?

I have million emotions to write about my breakdown,
To scream out aloud,
To be heard,
to me have said!

But I simply choose to write one word 'Hope'
When I think of my Journey.. Ahead!”
― Somya Kedia

“This soul-o trip on Bessie was a spiritual renewal, a healing, a time to realize that no matter what life throws in my direction, I can cope, endure, and reach the other side of any situation a stronger woman.”
― Debi Tolbert Duggar, Riding Soul-O

“Ever wondered what happens to a shooting star after it has been wished on by thousands of people?
It falls and stays alone
Thinking...
If someone was selfless enough to wish for him to be back in the sky.”
― Yahya Bootwala/VhaL Murthi

“The last time I saw it, its hull was crushed and it laid helpless against the incessant swells that rolled up upon the shallows within which it laid canted and broken. Yet, in the hands of a seasoned sailor who saw potential in the carnage, it was hauled out the swells, lovingly repaired, and the next year it pushed out past the swells that had held it helpless and it sailed again. And although our hulls are crushed beyond hope of repair and we find ourselves helplessly awash in the incessant swells of our sin, with God we too can sail again.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Endurance is eternal endeavour.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Sokak szerint a remény erőt ad, mások viszont, akik már reméltek, nemcsak úgy ímmel-ámmal, hanem igazán, azok tudják, hogy ez pont fordítva van: a reményhez kell az erő. Sokkal több erő kell hozzá, mint a reménytelenséghez.”
― Attila Bartis, A Lázár apokrifek

“Hear me beautiful woman, The Voice from within. Greater is He that is within you than he that is within the world. You cannot begin to understand when one looks at you with eyes of the world and only sees what is optically visible. It takes time for one to know you and what's inside. Only One knows you from within, from the beginning. The world may hurt you because of its outward mindset but know that your beauty is deep. Know that you are loved by the one who sees the real you. Know that you are understood by the one who knows your mind and your heart. Know that you are a virtuous because of your resilience through love, and not defeated. Oh beautiful woman stand strong and confident in the one who reaffirms Who You Are and not how Broken You Are. Your power is strengthened with every Act of forgiveness that you practice. Your beauty is increased with every act of kindness that you show to that ugly head a worldly perception with hopes that it will recognize "you". Stop quirreling with the enemy in your mind that turns your hampster wheel. It drains your hope by showing you pictures passed instead of vision unrevealed. You are who HE says you are despite anyone who doesn't marvel in adoration. Don't see youself as the world reflects you; the world's mirror is tainted. Optical illusions can be fatal. Wake up! The eyes tell the mind what to see but only the heart can discern what lies beneath the scars, beyond the perseverance, inside of forgiveness, over the hills and valleys, signs on the journey, and hope for the spirit. Emotions are vissitudal. You are being etched in inexorable truth. Stand as your are, not as you're seen.
Sincerely,
Vitrue”
― VaeEshia Ratcliff-Davis

“But the more he begged the magic, the more he tried to grip it in his shaking hands, the more it boud away from him, skittering away from his touch. Alfie nknew what this meant. "If magic shies away from your touch your intentions are not the right ones. You must let it go.”
― Maya Motayne, Nocturna

“Endure as you enjoy.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Never quit on yourself , never quit on your dreams!”
― Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams

“Endure all things.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Don't blow out a candle before you light it.”
― M L Bull

“Faith is vital for surviving life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We model how much we love our kids by the boundaries we set for them.”
― Drenda Keesee, The New Vintage Family: A Vintage Look for the Modern-Day Family

“I live first and leave the bullshit dead last”
― Jordan Hoechlin

“And if you face every day with hope, then you’ve already won,’ Mickey says.

Hope. Like a bird, it flies too high above me.

‘What if I don’t know what to hope for any more?’ I ask quietly.

Mickey takes my hand in hers. ‘Perhaps hope on its own is enough.”
― Lisa Heathfield, Paper Butterflies

“There’s plenty of things that are wrong in our world, and we can give them free reign to completely define our view of the world. Or we can focus on the fact that what’s wrong with the world are the essential raw materials from which a person of determination crafts everything which is right.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I know for certain that what art first unfolded for me unfolds in me still, and it’s what leads me to choose, in spite of the odds, to believe that, yes, we can put something into the world that is greater than what is being taken from it every damn day of our lives. We can make good things happen. Writing can change us, make us better, stronger people whose actions, though they may seem small & inconsequential at the time, can matter, for ourselves and for the world.”
― Lacy M Johnson, The Reckonings

“They never believed in me back then
But Now they calling my name”
― Jordan Hoechlin

“If there’s hope, then let’s move.”
― 墨香铜臭, 魔道祖师 [Mo Dao Zu Shi]

“Where there are bees there are flowers, and wherever there are flowers there is new life and hope.”
― Christy Lefteri, The Beekeeper of Aleppo

“[At] times we have to grab life with both hands, and twist and squeeze and wrench just to extract one sweet drop from this world: But oh how sweet, how nourishing and wholesome, when we discover that even a drop of joy and beauty and hope is possible.”
― John Sean Doyle, Mud and Dreams:

“Some days the bravest thing we can do,
Is to hold on, have hope, to keep walking,
Even just for another day.”
― Mimi Novic, Brilliance of Dawn

“We all remember the ones who touched our heart so deeply,
That our heartbeats began to dance and reminded us to live once again.”
― Mimi Novic, Brilliance of Dawn

“We are most ourselves, the most human, when we unabashedly immerse ourselves in the world with love and hope, gratitude and kindness.”
― John Sean Doyle, Mud and Dreams:

“Tonight my heart weeps on behalf of my eyes
a reluctant delegation of tears
like condensation on a window
on the verge of falling

Tonight I am a ruin
a castle made of sand
The tide has come to reclaim me
I am a mirage in a ghost's memory
already gone if I was ever here

Tonight I am the blood of the rose
squeezed and pressed in a child's hand
I am the moon without the sun
My light is dimming
and the moths have taken up residence
in my stomach where the butterflies once lived
It is dark and they are hungry

Tomorrow I will keep planting flowers in my soul
Winter will pass
They will bloom and the butterflies will return”
― Connor Judson Garrett, Become The Fool

“Praying leads us to the God of all possibilities.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Prayer shall purify thee.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Sometimes when we think it’s the end of the road, Is when we learn to fly.”
― Mimi Novic, Brilliance of Dawn

“We are always either remembering the past or looking forward to the future,
Yet the only real place we stand that is real, is on the bridge of the now.”
― Mimi Novic, Essence Of Being

“The harmony of the spirit with the soul leads to happiness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Happiness is harmony of spirit with the soul.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The more we fill up ourselves with the word of God, the less room there will be for lies.”
― VaeEshia Ratcliff-Davis

“Yesterday is gone with its aches, today is a holiday, and tomorrow is the beginning of a new adventure.”
― TheLeader

“[Star Trek] It has given us a legacy-a message-man can create a future worth living for.... a future that is full of optimism, hope, excitement, and challenge. A future that proudly proclaims man's ability to survive in peace and reach for the stars as his reward. ...
We have its legacy...all we have to do is use it.”
― Stephen E. Whitfield, The Making of Star Trek

“Hoping beyond hope is holy pursuit.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Amazon ebook is free until August 29, 2019”
― Gary McDougall, Don't Tell Me There Ain't No God

“Even if all things turn to ash, you will still
have hope. Oh, darling, there is an unfathomable power in the love of hope. The thought that there is something, is indubitable. Love is hope and
hope is a never giving up thought...!”
― Krishna Chhetri, A Drop of You

“My Words will describe my Life's Journey, one day!
I hope it turns into a ballad or a song, for others to cherish.”
― Somya Kedia

“Revisionist historians either introduce new discoveries and theories to challenge outdated belief systems OR they conveniently twist things to suit their own agenda. The former creates hope and progress; the latter creates fear and conflict.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“The divinity of a dream is beyond doubt.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I’m not certain that the greatest thrill was actually being rescued. Rather, I think that the greatest thrill was finally realizing that I would be. And the cry of an infant two thousand years ago was that realization.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Do not cease dreaming.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I believe in hope as an act of defiance, or rather as the foundation for an ongoing series of acts of defiance, those acts necessary to bring about some of what we hope for while we live by principle in the meantime. There is no alternative, except surrender. And surrender not only abandons the future, it abandons the soul.”
― Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark

“We can count on Christ to gives us strength to endure every circumstance.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“When the song was ended, he struck the rail he leaned upon a sharp blow with his open hand. There swept over him a feeling that he had stood precisely where he stood now, on such a night, a thousand years ago, had heard that voice and that song, had listened and been moved by the song, and the night, just as he was moved now.

He had long known himself for a sentimentalist; he had almost given up trying to cure himself. And he knew himself for a born lover; he had always been in love with some one. In his earlier youth his affections had been so constantly inconstant that he finally came to settle with his self-respect by recognizing in himself a fine constancy that worshipped one woman always — it was only the shifting image of her that changed! Somewhere (he dreamed, whimsically indulgent of the fancy; yet mocking himself for it) there was a girl whom he had never seen, who waited till he should come. She was Everything. Until he found her, he could not help adoring others who possessed little pieces and suggestions of her — her brilliancy, her courage, her short upper lip, “like a curled roseleaf,” or her dear voice, or her pure profile. He had no recollection of any lady who had quite her eyes.”
― Booth Tarkington, The Gentleman from Indiana

“Whoever stop dreaming prepares for death.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To be bold, to believe, that is all there is.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Toată viața o ocupăm într-o necontenită goană spre cineva, spre ceva. Schimbăm mereu parteneri, gândindu-ne că într-o zi îl vom găsi pe cel ales. Dansăm o viață pe un cântec al deziluziei, al speranței, continuând să credem că undeva,cândva, la un capăt ori poate la un început de drum, ne vom găsi jumătatea.”
― Mihai Vârlan, Dalila

“It’s not supposed to reflect reality,” she said. “Reality is all well and good. But sometimes you just want to pretend the world is a better place than it actually is. That great and wonderful things can happen. That love triumphs over everything.”
― Jennifer E. Smith, Field Notes on Love

“The church is not a place for perfection. It is, and should be, a haven of protection.”
― Mary E. DeMuth, We Too: How the Church Can Respond Redemptively to the Sexual Abuse Crisis

“With every breath hope rises.”
― George E. Miller

“Hope and faith flower from the cheerful seeds of the old year to the sprouting garden of the new year's dawn.”
― Terri Guillemets

“Why does the third of the three brothers, who shares his food with the old woman in the wood, go on to become king of the country? Why does James Bond manage to disarm the nuclear bomb a few seconds before it goes off rather than, as it were, a few seconds afterwards? Because a universe where that did not happen would be a dark and hostile place. Let there be goblin hordes, let there be terrible environmental threats, let there be giant mutated slugs if you really must, but let there also be hope. It may be a grim, thin hope, an Arthurian sword at sunset, but let us know that we do not live in vain.”
― Terry Pratchett, A Slip of the Keyboard: Collected Non-Fiction

“I wish we could stop using the word belief in matters of fact, leaving it where it belongs, in matters of religious faith and secular hope. I believe we'd avoid a lot of unnecessary pain if we did so.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters

“Love cultivates hope; hope fertilizes resilience, and we can all be farmers of dreams”
― George E. Miller

“As long as you do not lose faith in spite of situation, you ask for divine help from God, with hope in your heart, you shall surely see a change of circumstances.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“They soothed him with words of flattery, and they gave him hope—the two traps into which people the world over will always fall.”
― Voltaire, L'Ingénu

“The choice is with us; let us will it, and our habitation becomes a paradise. For the will of man is omnipotent, blunting the arrows of death, soothing the bed of disease, and wiping away the tears of agony.”
― Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, The Last Man

“Sinners, your dear Lord Jesus, the great peacemaker, is now an important suitor to your perishing souls--namely, an inviting, knocking, waiting, promising Christ (Prov. 1:22; 9:4; Isa. 65:2; Matt. 11:28; Rev. 3:20; Song 5:2; John 6:37). The treasures of grace are opened and offered for sale on easy terms without money and without price (Isa. 55:1; Rev. 3:18). Oh make speed and come. Make the purchase. Buy the pearl of price that is better than rubies, and you will have treasure in heaven. The favor of God, precious blood, white raiment, tried gold, and the eternal life of your never-dying souls are worth the having. Consider also that now the Holy Spirit calls and offers His assistance to close the bargain, to tie the marriage knot between Christ and your souls (Hebrews 3). If you lose this opportunity, you may never have the like. "The Spirit and the bride say, Come" (Rev. 22:17).”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“You know, you just kind of do the best you can and hold on to moments that feel a little better than others. You fall asleep and try not to think about the pressing time of past and future, compressing you from both ways, but you can’t let yourself get worried about it. You just have to try to fall asleep. And you put both feet on the ground when you wake up, seeing the sun that rose once again, despite it all, knowing that this is one of very few limited mornings that you will get to experience and you just have to stop carrying life like a burden. Life is not a burden. It’s not heavy to be alive. It’s weightless. It’s light as air. You’re just floating, a leaf through space, for a little while. You just have to learn to close your eyes more, or open them, when you can. You just have to learn to float with the current more, not fight against things. Change, movement, transitions ... you have to become one with the current.

So what if you find yourself homeless and aimless, broke to the bones with no one to hold or call or care for? Go climb a mountain and sit above the world for an hour or two. Breathe in cleaner air and drink water falling through the cracks of the stones.

Don’t take the photo and don’t share it with anyone. It’s still beautiful even if only you know about it. You hold this moment in your heart and you go forward for here, one step at a time, and you try to get moments like this, even with other people, down on the ground, and maybe sometimes you will find yourself crying at 4am by yourself but that’s all good. It’s all okay. Just soak up whatever life offers and don’t think too much about it. It’s all beautiful.

Stop seeing life as a burden. Something heavy to carry. Life is not heavy. Life is weightless and you can dance through it like a thin fog a summer’s morning.

It’s all beautiful.”
― Charlotte Eriksson

“That night she listened to the Nirvana album again. In Kurt Cobain's voice, Irene heard a perfect and beautiful misery, a voice stretched so thin with loneliness and wanting that it should break. But his voice didn't break, and there was a kind of joy in it too.”
― Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also A Star

“The lyrics will soothe the soul,
The heart will pound with each love song.
Soon in him, I will find a friend!
His charm will prolong.

A new phase,
Happiness shall finally last,
One day, the rays of the sun; I say,
Will erase the shadows of the past.”
― Somya Kedia

“Eleanor West spent her days giving them what she had never had, and hoped that someday, it would be enough to pay her passage back to the place where she belonged.”
― Seanan McGuire, Every Heart a Doorway

“I wanted to believe things would work out for me as well.”
― Hanna Abi Akl, It's a Big Big World

“Sometimes our pain pushes us, and sometimes our hope pulls us.”
― Edith Eger, The Choice: Embrace the Possible

“Life can be unfair— full of fear, pain and disappointment—and then God shows up when we don’t even deserve it. Roxie Applesauce will be released in 2020.”
― Tonya L. Matthews

“What is it about us that we take such inspiration from the lives of those who triumph over tragedy? Is it as simple as that we love a story with a happy ending, or does it go deeper than that? Could it be because we never really know if, within ourselves, we have the strength to bear such tragedy and survive such intense grief? Or is it that we too actually do know pain—and along with more than a few tears—we know from experience, that after the pain, there does again come a time for joy, because we have our own story. And could it be that for everything we’ve been through, that no one really knows us—especially, if we keep it all a secret.”
― Tonya L. Matthews

“The church is not a place for perfection. It is, and should be, a haven of protection.”
― Mary DeMuth

“It should seem as if there were a few green sunny spots in the desert of life, to which we are always hastening forward: we eye them wistfully in the distance, and care not what perils or suffering we endure, so that we arrive at them at last.”
― William Hazlitt, The Round Table, Vol. 1: A Collection of Essays on Literature, Men, and Manners

“Without prayer, how can there be progress?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The best of all things is to be Born Again.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Whatever be your situation, call on the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A dream within a dream is the dream of a dreamer.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Prayer paves the path.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To return to God in repentance leads to rebirth.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Restoration leads to refreshing time.”
― Lailah Giffty AKita

“There is no force like Faith.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Heaven is boundless, and the sea is beneath you.”
― Rich Shapero, Arms from the Sea

“There is hope.
There is hope everywhere.
Today God gives milk
and I have the pail”
― Anne Sexton, The Awful Rowing Toward God

“I know what LDR means, but I don't know what does it feel, because though we are miles apart, distance couldn't beat love. I still feels like we are together, always.”
― Krizha Mae G. Abia

“One beautiful moment can rob an entire day of its despair.”
― Ace Boggess, States of Mercy

“There were ghosts in the wind, whispers from the snow or the invisible meltwater flowing beneath.”
― Rich Shapero, The Hope We Seek

“Every word was a cheat. Every thought and feeling was false. I played the game. Everything I touched, I cheapened.”
― Rich Shapero, The Hope We Seek

“Long ago, darkness reigned over the night. People were afraid and remained inside their shelters from sundown until sunrise. The goddess Selene saw their fear and gave light to their nocturnal world by driving her moon chariot across the starry sky. She followed her brother Helios, who rode the sun and caught his shining rays on her magnificent silver chariot, then cast them down to earth as moonbeams. She felt pride in the way the earthlings were comforted by her light.
But one night when she had abandoned her chariot to walk upon the earth, she noticed that in times of trouble many people lost all hope. Their despair bewildered her. After considering their plight, she knew how she could make her moon the greatest gift from the gods.
From then on she drove around the earth and each night caught her brother's rays from a different angle. This way the face of the moon was everchanging. People watched the moon decrease in light every night, until it could no longer be seen from the earth. Then after three nights of darkness, a crescent sliver returned and the moon increased in light until it was fully illuminated as before. Selene did this to remind people that their darkest times can lead them to their brightest.
The ancients understood Selene's gift in the lunar phases. Each night when they gazed at the moon, they knew Selene was telling them to never give up hope.”
― Lynne Ewing, The Secret Scroll

“Hope is the key... at times of despair!”
― Amresh Jha

“Despair is a bad thing, friend. The world moves on through hope. We will be home soon. You will feel better then.” But the darkness around him embraced him like stormy waves do a drowning man. He felt he was sinking in the sea of hopelessness.”
― Mukta Singh-Zocchi, The Thugs & a Courtesan

“One of the best things you can do for yourself is to believe in yourself.”
― Angel Moreira

“Tears teaches a man to trust in Truthful God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I hope I helped you see the world a little bit different, Park. Even just a little bit.”
― Jordon Greene, A Mark on My Soul

“We don't get the best of life everytime.

Out of those, sometimes we have to stay with whatever life gave us and hope for the best.

Because out of those sometimes, many times

Just keeping the hope alive gives us the best of life.”
― Ratish Edwards

“As Acheron would say, sometimes you have to fail in order to succeed. Whether we want it or not, there is an order in the universe. It's hard to understand and many, many times it's hard to swallow, but it's there and our choices are our own. Failure is part of life and no one can succeed every time they try something. -Alexion”
― Sherrilyn Kenyon, Sins of the Night

“There’s something about lifting your voice to God, especially in the words of the Psalms. If you have something to be thankful for, it gives shape to your gratefulness. And if you don’t, the song becomes a place into which to pour your overflowing heart. The psalms give voice to your sorrow and pain, and singing them lifts up your heart. It resets your focus on God and gives you hope.”
― Sarah Christmyer, Becoming Women of the Word: How to Answer God's Call with Purpose and Joy

“The Problem of Life seemed to him to be solved. He looked on down the years, and he could see no troubles there of any kind whatsoever. Reason suggested that there were probably one or two knocking about somewhere, but this was no time to think of them. He examined the future, and found it good.”
― P.G. Wodehouse, Psmith in the City

“I have not become downhearted or low-spirited. Life is everywhere life, life in ourselves, not in what is outside us. There will be people near me, and to be a man among people and remain a man for ever, not to be downhearted nor to fall in whatever misfortunes may befall me — this is life ; this is the task of life. I have realised this. This idea has entered into my flesh and into my blood. Yes, it 's true !
The head which was creating, living with the highest life of art, which had realised and grown used to the highest needs of the spirit, that head has already been cut off from my shoulders. There remain the memory and the images created but not yet incarnated by me.
They will lacerate me, it is true ! But there remains in me my heart and the same flesh and blood which can also love, and suffer, and desire, and remember, and this, after all, is life.
On voit le soleil ! Now, good-bye, brother ! Don't grieve for me ! "

Letter to his brother after being sentenced to death.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky

“Sorrow sanctifies the soul.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Pain purifies the soul.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The light is on-
In the heavy, gloomy night,
Like a fisherman's light drifting.
You can think of my tiny house
As a tiny boat tossed by a storm
But I have not sunk
Because the light is still on.”
― Shu Ting

“Choose the path leading to the betterment of humanity, harmonization and peace. It's well worth the effort.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Sikander was right—they were just stories, and stories couldn’t save people. Maybe those stories did more harm than good by giving us false hope. All they did was reinforce our faith that the world was once made up almost entirely of magic or miracles. But where was that magic now, when we needed it?”
― Aditi Khorana, The Library of Fates

“Steal an hour and spend it staring at a
sky. Make it a constant as the days
pass by. Realize it's a privilege that
my sky stays here. It's a privilege
that it's always here for me, and it's
always for free. And no matter how
messed up everything is, how i mess
everything up, i'm always welcome to
stare anyway. So steal an hour before
life gets stolen away, before you get
stolen away. Choose the right one and
you just might witness some change.
takes practice, patience and a heart
that stays the same. Now it's as
important as your constant need to
check everything in place, to make a
home out of every place It's a home as
much as any other roof, it's a roof
that goes with you every where.”
― Mennah al Refaey

“The smallest of things, own the biggest parts. The simplest of things that can change your whole life. A nice thing unplanned that warms your heart, a simple smile that can always light you up. The purest of wishes that went so fast over your head, but somehow came true and became the biggest part of your life. A face you are used to belonging forever in your heart with memories on a loop endlessly in your mind. Days so good you forget how tired you are. 11:11 am wishes better than you have ever imagined it. Your favorite cup of coffee in the morning with the perfect shade of sunlight on your face. Offer a pure heart and earn back this world's flowers. Offer a big smile and earn back a laughing sky. Count the days and make them count. Mark your calender everytime your heart jumps.”
― Mennah al Refaey, Daily thoughts

“The two of them smelled strange, like hope, like something fucking with the fine edges of my memory, something I was hungry for but couldn’t remember the taste of.”
― Akwaeke Emezi, Freshwater

“Some people mocked you if you said that you joined others when your time came. Well, they could laugh, those clever people, but we surely had to hope, and a life without hope of any sort was no life: it was a sky without stars, a landscape of sorrow and emptiness.”
― Alexander McCall Smith, Blue Shoes and Happiness

“When we run out of options, out of desperation, we jump and hang-on to hope, even if it's the thinnest of thread, because when we run out of options every thread becomes stronger than a rope and do you know what gives strength to the thread? It’s our belief.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Confident hope breeds inward joy. The man who knows that his hope of glory will never fail him because of the greater love of God, which he has tasted, that man will hear music at midnight; the mountains and the hills will break forth before him into singing wherever he goes. Especially in times of tribulation he will be found "rejoicing in hope of the glory of God." His profoundest comfort will often be enjoyed in his deepest affliction, because then the love of God will specially be revealed in his heart by the Holy Ghost, whose name is "the Comforter". Then he will perceive that the rod is dipped in mercy, that his losses are sent in fatherly love, and that his aches and pains are all measured out with gracious design. In our affliction God is doing nothing to us which we should not wish for ourselves if we were as wise and loving as God is. Oh friends! you do not want gold to make you glad, you do not even need health to make you glad; only get to know and feel divine love, and the fountains of delight are unsealed to you -- you are introduced to the highest joy!”
― Charles Spurgeon

“Damn the tunnels and fuck those who wait for the light at the end of it,
Darling;
Just stop wasting your time and learn to be your own kind of light …”
― Samiha Totanji

“It's always a good time to step up and look up. What do you see? Hope for a better future.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“it was like how I imagined water meeting the bank would be, eroding away at the strong surface and creating its impression in the soil, taking piece by piece away with each toss of the current. I was the embankment, and Hailey was the flowing water. Peaceful, graceful, tranquil”
― Maia Starr, Saved By Dragons

“Sometimes you need to open yourself to the possibility of the miraculous, Tiger Tolliver. Sometimes you just do.”
― Kathleen Glasgow, How to Make Friends with the Dark

“I burned all our bridges - not knowing that love knows how to swim.”
― Laura Chouette

“Do” is a word of infinite actions.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“He is everything you fear, and worse. He is also everything you hope, and more.”
― Jill Criswell, Beasts of the Frozen Sun

“You have to do all what you can, you never know what you are going to hear and where it is going to lead you.. Let’s do our best; it ignites my faith, at least, we are not just sitting in a corner waiting for a miracle, we ask the miracle to happen instead.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“When beauty withers, hope disappears in the cyclone of cares and burdens.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Christmas does not invite you to something that happened in history. Rather, Christmas is God inviting you to something that’s already shaping your eternity.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Another gate of success was widely open for her, a reckless step led to an unexpected career.. Sometimes, that’s what we hope for after every mistake we make.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Somewhere between the stars
there is a place for you and me;
Where the moon kisses the horizon
and the darkness fades away.”
― Laura Chouette

“And that’s the end,” she
said, and she saw in his eyes, as
the interest of the story died
away in them, something else
take its place; something
wondering, pale, like the
reflection of a light, which at
once made him gaze and marvel.
Turning, she looked across the
bay, and there, sure enough,
coming regularly across the
waves first two quick strokes
and then one long steady stroke,
was the light of the Lighthouse.
It had been lit.

-To The Lighthouse.”
― Virginia Woolf, To the lighthouse

“In whatever battle we're facing, we too often lose hope. And once we've lost hope we've not only lost the battle, we've lost everything else as well.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“When you are on your last straw, that means you have one more opportunity, use it to not give up doing good.”
― Hannah Garrison

“I don't believe in magic, yet I see making wishes as a nod to hope, an acknowledgement of the power of will, the recognition of a goal.”
― Cecelia Ahern, Perfect

“And that’s the end,” she
said, and she saw in his eyes, as
the interest of the story died
away in them, something else
take its place; something
wondering, pale, like the
reflection of a light, which at
once made him gaze and marvel.
Turning, she looked across the
bay, and there, sure enough,
coming regularly across the
waves first two quick strokes
and then one long steady stroke,
was the light of the Lighthouse.
It had been lit.”
― Virginia Woolf

“Iluzja jest przyrodnią siostrą nadziei i bywa zwykle w pogodnym nastroju.”
― Melissa Müller, A Garden of Eden in Hell: The Life of Alice Herz-Sommer

“Blood donors and organ donors are not fools, they are kindhearted people with the believe that people like them also deserve to live and be happy again.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“It's never too late to believe again and dream again.”
― Angel Moreira

“Christmas is not a story of hope. It is hope.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The heart of evil beats in Afghanistan. When men hold every advantage, neither wealth, nor beauty, nor intelligence, nor education, nor strength, nor family can compete with gender. Women have only prayer and hope as allies.”
― Jean Sasson, For the Love of a Son: One Afghan Woman's Quest for Her Stolen Child

“Of the nature of women, nothing final can be known. Never had I found such comfort in a void, in the black absence of knowledge.”
― Tara Westover, Educated

“Poets! Towers of God
Made to resist the fury of the storms
Like cliffs beside the ocean
Or clouded, savage peaks!
Masters of lightning!
Breakwaters of eternity!

Hope, magic-voiced, foretells the day
When on the rock of harmony
The Siren traitorous shall die and pass away,
And there shall only be
The full, frank-billowed music of the sea.

Be hopeful still,
Though bestial elements yet turn
From Song with rancorous ill-will
And blinded races one another spurn!
Perversity debased
Among the high her rebel cry has raised.
The cannibal still lusts after the raw,
Knife-toothed and gory-faced.

Towers, your laughing banners now unfold.
Against all hatreds and all envious lies
Upraise the protest of the breeze, half-told,
And the proud quietness of sea and skies…”
― Rubén Darío

“I believe in Christmas because God is the only Being I know Who is so utterly selfless as to do such a thing, and so incredibly ingenious as to figure out how to do it.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“And who are you really, Tallis? Are you going to be the hero of Selkirk, rather than its monster? A promise of hope, rather than a warning of darker things to come?”
― C.E. Clayton, The Wrath of Silence

“Christmas is opportunity while everything else in life is the hope of opportunity.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“North Brooklin, Maine

30 March 1973

Dear Mr. Nadeau:

As long as there is one upright man, as long as there is one compassionate woman, the contagion may spread and the scene is not desolate. Hope is the thing that is left to us, in a bad time. I shall get up Sunday morning and wind the clock, as a contribution to order and steadfastness.

Sailors have an expression about the weather: they say, the weather is a great bluffer. I guess the same is true of our human society—things can look dark, then a break shows in the clouds, and all is changed, sometimes rather suddenly. It is quite obvious that the human race has made a queer mess of life on this planet. But as a people we probably harbor seeds of goodness that have lain for a long time waiting to sprout when the conditions are right. Man's curiosity, his relentlessness, his inventiveness, his ingenuity have led him into deep trouble. We can only hope that these same traits will enable him to claw his way out.

Hang on to your hat. Hang on to your hope. And wind the clock, for tomorrow is another day.

Sincerely,
[Signed, 'E. B. White']”
― E.B. White

“What is usual is not what is always.
As sometimes, in old age, hearing comes back.

Footsteps resume their clipped edges,
birds quiet for decades migrate back to the ear.

Where were they? By what route did they return?

A woman mute for years
forms one perfect sentence before she dies.”
― Jane Hirshfield, After

“Sometimes when things seem like they are falling apart, they are actually falling into place.”
― Zaid Ismail, The Egosystem: A synopsis of the human condition

“At the end of hope,
hold on a little longer.”
― Shweta Tale

“Hope is spelled L.o.v.e.”
― Tonny K. Brown

“A good man is measured by what he is willing to sacrifice, to commend his love toward, that he is always willing to give himself over to the promotion of ideals, dreams, and the imagination of things to come that may benefit anyone...but himself.”
― Tonny K. Brown

“Which do you think is more patient, an idea or a hope?”
― Max Porter, Lanny

“What's done is done. Whether to you, or by you, and you cannot change it.
But what's not done is not done.
And there, both hope and hazard lie.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Stepsister

“Do you know why average men can live out thire lives and die without accoplishing anything ? First off, because they lack imagination ..They never find anything more valuable than thier own lives .So they lived and die , shamelessly creating nothing but shit ..”
― Hajime Isayama, 進撃の巨人 18 [Shingeki no Kyojin 18]

“The mountains will fall to dust before I will ever give up on my daughter.”
― Connilyn Cossette, Until the Mountains Fall

“No matter how hard you try to fit the pieces together, sometimes it's beyond your control, so sit back and trust in his plans.”
― Tilicia Haridat

“As we jumped the tiny hedge because we couldn't be bothered with the tiny gate to set off on our running, I inhaled the early evening light and realized this was softening, what others might term a little softening. Then, landing on the pavement in the direction of the parks & reservoirs, I exhaled this light and for a moment, just a moment, I almost nearly laughed.”
― Anna Burns, Milkman

“It’s like being beaten – but with hope instead of fists.”
― C.G. Drews, A Thousand Perfect Notes

“Like a surgeon's scalpel, hope can save a life, and hope can take a life. It can uplift us, and it can destroy us. Just as there are healthy and damaging forms of confidence, and healthy and damaging forms of love, there are also healthy and damaging forms of hope. And the difference between the two is not always clear.”
― Mark Manson, Everything is F*cked: A Book About Hope

“من الجبن أن تقف في الزاوية
خوفًا من التوغل في فم الهاوية

المغامرة تمنحك الكثير
فلا تركل عقارب الزمن
فتخشى التأثير

انسج خيوط مشاعرك
على هيئة مصيدة
فتلتهم خيبات الصمت
وخطواتك المترددة

ابتلع الهاوية فبل ابتلاعك
غير نهج الطبيعة
بتمرد طباعك.
فلن تمد لك الفرصة
يدها للمصافحة
اذا لم تفترس أوجاعك.

ليكن زادك التغيير
والاقتناص متاعك !”
― فتون العنزي

“Fortunately, even boundless despair eventually reaches the limits of our body and soul, and slowly blunts itself against them.”
― Pavel Kohout, The Widow Killer

“In Life, we have two choices after being heartbroken, we can become bitter or better. Always choose the latter!-Better”
― Bettye Nicole, Love Remains: "Grief From Life, Grief From Loss"

“Hope which is not anchored in the truth, is an illusion”
― Joseph Jacson K.

“He didn't mind, though. He hardly noticed at all. Because that's the thing about hope--when it seems that there's no point in moving, it pushes us so forcefully that we come to feel like we /need/ it to keep going...

And that's what hope really is, after all. An anesthetic. Something that takes the sharp edges of reality out of focus just enough that we can keep looking at it, keep moving forward with steps that are guided by the assurance that every inch of ground can't possibly be covered in broken glass. And then when it /is/--- when your feet are left as coiled ribbons of wet skin-- you forget what guided you there in the first place.”
― Dathan Auerbach, Bad Man

“There is no lasting hope in violence, only temporary relief from hopelessness.”
― Kingman Brewster Jr.

“Well, if there’s a hell like this place then there has to be a heaven somewhere.”
― David Peace, The Damned Utd

“If you’re not changing forwards, you’re changing backwards because we are always changing.”
― Richie Norton

“Dreaming Woman

Instead of dams
We build bridges arching
Across turbulent waters
Instead of walls We craft doors
With ancient wisdom
Instead of weapons We create future generations
By words of life
Instead of oppression We live We breathe
We adapt to life as it comes Recreating it around us
Again and again
Hoping that one day It will be allowed to stay.”
― Maria Lehtman, The Dreaming Doors: Through the Soul Gateways

“Be the light in the darkness.”
― Evie Neill

“This is the Centre Americain de Secours. What is more American than wild hope?”
― Julie Orringer, The Flight Portfolio

“Sometimes I wonder if the cost of my dream is less about the efforts to achieve it and more about disappointment I’ll experience if it doesn’t happen. But then I remember that the nature of a dream is such that it is worth dreaming even if it never comes true.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Xavier would compare the land to his God, I knew, and His faithfulness and steadfast love. He would say how no matter what, God was always there. God had no mountains and valleys or storms and quakes. He could not erode or wash away. Eventually land would do that, I knew. But while I roamed the earth for my short life, I could rely on land to remain as it was. I could rely on God for all eternity. He never changed. He was the same yesterday, today, and tomorrow. And His faith never faltered, His trust never faded, and His love never failed.
But what I was unsure of was whether I believed in such amazing love and faith. If I believed that Someone so great could actually forgive someone so wretched. Xavier would tell me He would, if only I let Him. Yet how I would reply to that, I knew not either.”
― Grace A. Johnson, Held Captive

“In high school she even had time for herself, to draw and read, to write down quotes, to be inside her own head without an agenda.”
― Kate Fagan, What Made Maddy Run: The Secret Struggles and Tragic Death of an All-American Teen

“After staring at the ceiling for more than an hour, I was finally asleep, but I wasn’t in my dream.
I was walking and walking beside a small stream, and only stopped as I saw a big rounded tree. What made me stop was that the tree had leaves the size of a palm. Bigger then any size I had seen in my life.
I stepped under its shade looking closer at the magical tree and found that my name was carved at its big trunk.
I was still surprised and bewildered at my finding when I felt the tree shake and a leaf fell in front of me. I was about to pick it up when more and more leaves started to fall, Leaving
the tree with only half of the leaves. I tried my best to stop my tree from shaking when I woke up from my dream. I was breathing heavily. My heart was beating fast. I was soaked.

“My life, The leaves are falling one by one from my life.”
I said to myself, as I closed my eyes hoping for my life to find spring again.”
― Ahmad Ardalan

“Change is a product of learning and doing. Too many of us just learn and judge. ⁣”
― Richie Norton

“the poor sons’
scrap on spoils
cut deep,
old wounds of lost war
sacred bones awake
of our fathers’ toil
burn in deep
of lost path
exhumed in rage
and revenge”
― nii norton

“I breakeven
I cry
rusty halo
the end where there’s nothing
fall for anything.”
― nii nortey

“The sun rising on the horizon is more than a good sign; it's a powerful omen to say that we can still hope and dream. Every day is a new chance to change and make it better for a brighter future.”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job

“I used to think death meant freedom, but now I know all you really need to be free is someone who believes in you so much you finally believe in yourself.”
― J.T. Geissinger, Dangerous Beauty

“Nothing is lost. That which seems lost is just not confined to this moment.”
― Ricky Maye, Outsiders: The Story of Success

“Many unfortunate human situations unfold [. . .] where people who face bad options take desperate gambles, accepting a high probability of making things worse in exchange for a small hope of avoiding a large loss. The thought of accepting the large sure loss is too painful, and the hope of complete relief is too enticing, to make the sensible decision that it is time to cut one's losses.”
― Daniel Kahneman

“Let us not become so cautious that we forget to live.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, City of Girls

“Hope doesn't care about the problems that have already been solved. Hope cares only about the problems that still need to be solved. Because the better the world gets, the more we have to lose. And the more we have to lose, the less we feel we have to hope for.”
― Mark Manson, Everything is F*cked: A Book About Hope

“Nothing worth having is easy or free”
― Ronie Kendig, Storm Rising

“We are more than the sum total of our actions.”
― Ronie Kendig, Storm Rising

“Because the only thing that can ever truly destroy a dream is to have it come true.”
― Mark Manson, Everything is F*cked: A Book About Hope

“Walk in light
or dark...
or fly
where your feet
has yet to spark...”
― Anjalts

“Silence...is filled
with droplets of music ...
everywhere”
― Anjalts

“Did you ever hear of The Hero City?

Of course.

Great film, right? Marty made it over the course of the Siege. Just him, shooting on whatever medium he could get his hands on. What a masterpiece: the courage, the determination, the strength, dignity, kindness, and honor. It really makes you believe in the human race. It’s better than anything I’ve ever done. You should see it.

I have.

Which version?

I’m sorry?

Which version did you see?

I wasn’t aware…

That there were two? You need to do some homework, young man. Marty made both a wartime and postwar version of The Hero City. The version you saw, it was ninety minutes?

I think.

Did it show the dark side of the heroes in The Hero City? Did it show the violence and the betrayal, the cruelty, the depravity, the bottomless evil in some of those “heroes’” hearts? No, of course not. Why would it? That was our reality and it’s what drove so many people to get snuggled in bed, blow out their candles, and take their last breath. Marty chose, instead, to show the other side, the one that gets people out of bed the next morning, makes them scratch and scrape and fight for their lives because someone is telling them that they’re going to be okay. There’s a word for that kind of lie. Hope.”
― Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War

“If you are waking up believing that there is more to life than there is — then there is more for you out there.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, The Law of the Universe

“Great mercy covers a multitude of sinful mistakes.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hope is a door left unlatched in a high wind
banging and banging itself to pieces.”
― James Richardson, By the Numbers

“I just hope wherever you disappeared to is quiet and warm and safe, I hope you finally found that.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Troubles are never thorns.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We do not know why things happen as they do!
But we can only be content to count our blessings in any circumstance as we fix our eyes on Divine Being, who knows all things. He sees all things. He controls all circumstances,”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We are winning,” said the graffiti in Seattle, not “We have won.” It’s a way of telling in which you can feel successful without feeling smug, in which you can feel challenged without feeling defeated.”
― Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark

“Prayer is as precious as pearls.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A moment of hope makes grief even more difficult to bear.”
― Kesia Lupo, We Are Blood and Thunder

“Grave is precious as pearls.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Handwritten letters make you realize how bad your writing is but how clean is your heart which still feeds hope.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Our gift to love...inspires love...
when we close our eyes to see...
the big picture”
― Anjalts

“Jehovah is a righteous Judge. But maketh mercy to rule over judgement.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“In a multitude mistakes , mercy triumph judgement.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Freedom is faith.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There must be hope while there is existence; for where there is existence there must be God; and God is forever good nor can be other than good.”
― George MacDonald

“Failure to seize opportunities is often a result of choosing distractions over dedication.”
― VaeEshia Ratcliff Davis

“Look to nature for comfort and believe...
Each sunrise brings hope
Each wave in the ocean brings joy
Each drifting cloud brings relief
Each gust of wind steers positive thoughts our way
Each sparkling star fills our hearts with love and light”
― Margo Vader

“When the glow in the mountains lights your soul

When you find yourself looking at the splendour of the clouds or a bird in flight

Pause and Drop a Pin

When the movement of wind on the water lulls you into a timeless peace
When the setting sun holds you in its golden light

Pause and Drop a Pin

When life shrinks you down
When you lose your way and cold winds make you pull your jacket tightly over your chest
When you feel darkness enter your mind and hope seems out of reach
Remember all the sacred places that invited you into yourself
Remember the vast expanse of all those pins
A little piece of you lives in those corners.
Don't let your heart shrink or your world grow small.
Relax into your expansive and most radiant heart
We don't end at our own skin; we will always exist everywhere we have dropped a pin.”
― Eoin Finn

“The characters of mythologies are like superman or spider-man who have infinite power and infinite goodness. When people try to imitate God, they fail miserably. You have to be stupid to jump from a hundred storey building like Superman in the hope that you will be able to fly like him.”
― Awdhesh Singh, Myths are Real, Reality is a Myth

“Maybe,' said Sam; 'but where there's life there's hope, as my gaffer used to say; and need of of vittles, as he mostways used to add. You have a bite, Mr. Frodo, and then a bit of sleep.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings

“...the point was that no one ever knows when something they say will cause a profound change in somebody else”
― Ambelin Kwaymullina, The Interrogation of Ashala Wolf

“We're going to find time for happiness. Because how can we stand against tyranny if we ourselves are filled with hate?”
― Tahereh Mafi, Defy Me

“Sherrie described atheism as a positive system of belief—one based on data, exploration and observation rather than scripture, creed and prayer. Atheists believe that human life is a chemical phenomenon, that our first parents were super-novas that happened billions of years ago—that humans are inexplicable miracles in a universe of structured chaos. Atheists believe that when we die, we will turn into organic debris which will continue cycling for billions of years in various incarnations.
Sherrie explained that atheists appreciate life unfathomably because it is going to end. No one who takes atheism seriously dies without hope.”
― Israel Morrow, Gods of the Flesh: A Skeptic's Journey Through Sex, Politics and Religion

“My love is like a lonely light
wandering through the darkness
searching for a home.”
― Laura Chouette

“The blacker the prospects and the harder it was to hope, the more firmly they grasped at hope when it flickered forth.”
― Marie Bregendahl, En dødsnat

“The thinnest shaft of light entered the empty chambers of my heart, just for a moment. Then it disappeared, extinguished by the weight of all that had gone before.”
― Kate Mosse, The Winter Ghosts

“Many years from now, our descendants will look back on the use of animals for food—particularly the intense animal suffering in factory farms—as a moral atrocity.”
― Jacy Reese

“Had she really thought the world didn't change? She was a fool. The world was made of miracles, unexpected earthquakes, storms that came from nowhere and might reshape a continent.”
― Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom

“Love is divisible in three parts. Hope a parte ante, and hope a parte post: that is, in plain English, that hope which is past, and that hope which is to come.
- DON SANTO”
― DON SANTO

“My certainty that deep down I'm a free man. It's a constant, precious possession, and whether I keep it or lose it is up to me and no one else. I desperately want the insanity we're living through to end. I desperately want what has begun to finish. In a word, I desperately want this tragedy to be over and for us to try to survive it, that's all. What's important is to live; Primum vivere. One day at a time. To survive, to wait, to hope.”
― Irène Némirovsky, Suite Française

“The problem with wishing was that it only worked with stars and flowers, and neither were at her disposal.”
― Emory R. Frie, Giant Country

“When life’s problems seem bigger and tougher than you
Your attitude will determine if you will get through”
― Cheryl Williams

“The incremental value of wealth declines as we become richer. Yet people keep on accumulating it. They think that more is better. Hence, when they fail to get happiness even after becoming wealthy, instead of looking for the appropriate reason for their unhappiness, they blame lack of greater wealth for the lack of happiness and work even harder to make more money with the hope of buying happiness with money.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“She learns to ask. To want. To hope. Learns the feeling of responding to a hunger that lives, not in her belly, but somewhere else in her body.”
― Mathangi Subramanian, A People's History of Heaven

“God is all about life, not death. Death is his enemy’s domain.”
― Lisa Tawn Bergren

“If it’s all meaningless then why are we discussing that it’s all meaningless, for such a conversation is of itself meaningless. So, maybe the fact that we’re having a meaningless conversation about life being meaningless evidences that it’s not.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“A mother must pray persistently for her children, if she delight in their prosperity.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“when you jump in, love is the sea...and in a sea of love, sometimes the tides cannot seem to carry you close enough, and other times they slam you into the shore, so always be the flower on the wave, carrying your tidings under your petals, joyful to be floating no matter where the sea might take you”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Simplique Impressionist Photography and Insights

“Your past mistakes can't defeat you, because tomorrow is a brand new day.”
― Karen Gibbs

“I've been fed to the wolves, my soul experiencing near death so many times.
Having a little hardship is a far easier path than being completely fucked by life.
But these words, these goddamm words save me everytime. A little slice of poetic notion, a little reminder in pain there is life.”
― Nikki Rowe

“He was hoping that things would work out well.
The Doctor always tended to hope that things would work out well - his life would have been unbearably stressful if he didn't. Plus, a long lifespan spent traveling in both time and space had given him a certain perspective on hideous situations involving almost certain death. So far none of them had ended that badly.”
― A.L. Kennedy, Doctor Who: The Drosten's Curse

“so beautiful is the light that finally reaches your soul”
― Bodhi Smith

“Every morning is a hope for a better day till it becomes a night to await hope for the next day again.”
― Nitya Prakash

“You'll spend a long portion of your life fighting off evil, if you are consumed by its toxins. One cannot win with the same tactics of the opponent, spend the time running toward your soul on an internal seek, an inner peace that accepts there is pain, there is tragedy, there is misfortune in this world but there is also power to turn these great adversities into the kind of light that ripples a postive effect amongst millions.”
― Nikki rowe

“Now was different than every day of my past. And I hoped my future could be just as sweet.”
― Grace A. Johnson, Held Captive

“Ah yes—could it really be said that people who had no hope in their hearts were alive?
Sina thought not.
Well, of course they ‘jogged along,’ as she expressed it; they could do that all right; but actually what Sina called life—that she did not think was to be found in those who had nothing to hope for.
This was Clever Sina’s opinion on the subject.”
― Marie Bregendahl, En dødsnat

“Everybody wants to change the world, but we must start in our own homes, with our neighbors and in our own communities”
― Manuel Corazzari

“With deep humility, we shall behold the heavenly blessings.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The sacred wandering cannot be rushed. It is a life transition. It requires patience and endurance. There are valuable lessons to be learned.”
― Dana Arcuri, Sacred Wandering: Growing Your Faith In The Dark

“As we grow our faith, we wait in silence. As we listen for His voice, we have hope that He will speak. It may not be a loud boom or thunder, but a soft whisper. He may use a song, a butterfly, a sermon, a stranger, or even a red cardinal, but there is hope that God will come through for us.”
― Dana Arcuri, Sacred Wandering: Growing Your Faith In The Dark

“In all things God's ways are good.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I’ve made myself vulnerable
I’ve let myself care.
I’ve opened my firmly closed heart.
My safety is gone
It’s no longer there
My protection is falling apart.

Nobody promised
Our hearts would be safe
Or our bodies protected from harm.
A moment can change
All we think that we have,
Hope will endure through the storm.

Troubling a Star
Madeleine L’Engle”
― Madeleine L'Engle, Troubling a Star

“Count your blessings, there lies the best comfort.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“James was standing on the ground he and Hoke had packed hard with their foot traffic--arms crossed, admiring the work of their labor--when the idea seeded and planted in his mind.”
― Leanne W. Smith, A Contradiction to His Pride

“Trials teaches a man better than tales.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Love me while am living.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Faith leads to frutifulness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Misfortune may pave the path to fortune, with Faith.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hope holds the heart of the spirit in a steadfast state.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Explore eternity of existence with eagerness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Sovereign LORD, your saving help is my shield.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“For as long as the Minotaur can remember - no, for much longer than he can remember - he has risen every day aware of the possibility of change. Some would call him gullible. The truth is, there are days on end when he would gladly barter some of his hope for the arrogant cynicism of people like Shane and Mike. In the backseat the Minotaur's wristwatch pounds incessantly at the thin bones of his arm, resonates up through the joints, rides roughshod over his ribs and battles with the rhythms of his heart.”
― Steven Sherrill, The Minotaur Takes a Cigarette Break

“The darkness might keep us from seeing the hope around us, but it does not have the power to remove the hope around us.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The light from the cabin drew him like the beacon of a lighthouse pulling in a weary sailor. It shone for miles over the rolling land.”
― Leanne W. Smith, On A Dark & Snowy Night

“We don't get to pick our background, Hoke," she told him one time. "But we can sure enough pick our future.”
― Leanne W. Smith, On A Dark & Snowy Night

“Children grow wings, Abigail. You got to let 'em or they won't be strong to face whatever lies before them.”
― Leanne W. Smith, A Contradiction to His Pride

“Let the living live while there is breath.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“No amount of darkness can ever put out the smallest flicker of light.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“When we count our blessings, we find the best comfort.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“When we look at the beautiful side of life, we find the joy of living.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“When I count my blessings, I find the best comfort in a blessed existence.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The best of being is to live the best live, doing what you love.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The best of being is to live the best life, doing what you love.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Without a song, we will be sad.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You are children of the light.”
― John-Clement Gallo, The Shadowverse

“I'm hopefully a grain of sugar in God's cup of green tea.”
― Wyatt Pringle

“Life is for the living.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To find strength to endure any situation, read stories.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Your circumstance is common , so seek the comfort of faithful endurance.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To pray is to seek heavenly blessings.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Praying is the pursuit of eternal blessings.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I'm only running forward, lighting up the dark within”
― Lee Felix

“If you don't give up your hopes and dreams, then there will be a good ending,”
― Min Ho

“No matter how hard people try to break you down, or whoever tries to stomp on you. You will always have the same value, no none can change you.”
― Bi Rain

“Tomorrow when the farm boys find this
freak of nature, they will wrap his body
in newspaper and carry him to the museum.
But tonight he is alive and in the north
field with his mother. It is a perfect
summer evening: the moon rising over
the orchard, the wind in the grass. And
as he stares into the sky, there are
twice as many stars as usual.”
― Laura Gilpin, The Weight of a Soul

“Look no where else than within.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“[T]he only thing they needed was hope. Not that pie in the sky stuff, not a preference for optimism over pessimism, but rather “an orientation of the spirit.” The kind of hope that creates a willingness to position oneself in a hopeless place and be a witness, that allows one to believe in a better future, even in the face of abusive power. That kind of hope makes one strong.”
― Bryan Stevenson, Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption

“Had I known that you would be my first glimpse of spring, I would've kissed every fallen petal of my hope along the way.”
― Sai Pradeep

“Those who tell you that you cannot fly are the ones who chained themselves to the ground.”
― Sai Pradeep

“you are the yellow-breasted finch singing the sound of sunshine into my heart”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Smith Impressionist Photography

“The biology of emotional freedom depends on getting your endorphins flowing and turning off your stress hormones. How you achieve this? Laughter, exercise, meditation and doing anything that makes you loved.”
― judith orloff, Emotional Freedom: Liberate Yourself from Negative Emotions and Transform Your Life

“They are all in the same category, both those who are afflicted with fickleness, boredom and a ceaseless change of purpose, and who always yearn for what they left behind, and those who just yawn from apathy. There are those too who toss around like insomniacs, and keep changing their position until they find rest through sheer weariness. They keep altering the condition of their lives, and eventually stick to that one in which they are trapped not by weariness with further change but by old age which is too sluggish for novelty. There are those too who suffer not from moral steadfastness but from inertia, and so lack the fickleness to live as they wish, and just live as they have begun. In fact there are innumerable characteristics of the malady, but one effect - dissatisfaction with oneself. This arises from mental instability and from fearful and unfulfilled desires, when men do not dare or do not achieve all they long for, and all they grasp at is hope: they are always unbalanced and fickle, an inevitable consequence of living in suspense. They struggle to gain their prayers by every path, and they teach and force themselves to do dishonourable and difficult things; and when their efforts are unrewarded the fruitless disgrace tortures them, and they regret not the wickedness but the frustration of their desires. Then they are gripped by repentance for their attempt and fear of trying again, and they are undermined by the restlessness of a mind that can discover no outlet, because they can neither control nor obey their desires, by the dithering of life that cannot see its way ahead, and by the lethargy of a soul stagnating amid its abandoned hopes.”
― Seneca, On the Shortness of Life

“Victims of police brutality is not new.
It happened to me and can happen to you.
I hope you learn a lesson or two
From this incident I've been through.”
― Heide Velarde, A Fadeaway Dream of Justice to Redeem

“There is beauty in finding the silver lining, even
through the darkness. It is there if you search for it.”
― Tracey Ehman

“I wanted the mind of a scholar, but it seemed that Dr. Kerry saw in me the mind of a roofer. The other students belonged in the library; I belonged in a crane.”
― Tara Westover, Educated

“Once we understand that our happiness is the result of our life experiences with the world, we will also understand the importance of taking care of both our external and internal world. We can’t be happy if our children are unhappy, our spouse is unfaithful or if our boss hates us. It is futile to focus just on internal changes and hope to attain long-lasting happiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Dirmit looked at the spot left by her mother's finger. Then she ran her eyes across the four walls and counted all the marks that had been stamped there to predict that they would be abandoned, they would go mad, they would be left to starve without a roof over their heads, or they would fall into evil ways. 'We've made so many markes for one another!' she reflected. Then she got up and started to scratch off all the spots.”
― Latife Tekin, Sevgili Arsız Ölüm

“Hope is like melted sugar, even if it changes the form, it still tastes sweet. And caramelized hope tastes even more delicious..So, under any circumstances, we should keep on hoping for the best”
― Munia Khan

“Don’t rely on previous valiance to carry you over to the next day. This traps you in the past. Every day can be the best day of your life. Your best days are ahead of you.”
― Richie Norton

“no man can consider himself entitled to complain of Fate while in his adversity he still retains the unwavering love of woman.”
― Edgar Allan Poe, The Poetic Principle

“just remember that no matter what, there's always a light somewhere behind the clouds, waiting and ready to show itself”
― Bodhi Smith

“Most of us believe that wealth is the greatest source of happiness. People sacrifice everything to earn wealth with the hope that it will lead to happiness. Undoubtedly, wealth can provide us with worldly pleasures, comforts, status in the society and even fame, but it is noteworthy that our greatest source of pain is also wealth.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Even when your heart was
hurting, there was something so hopeful about reading a book filled with
love. The pages were somewhat of a reminder that maybe one day I would be
okay again. Maybe one day I would be all right.”
― Brittainy C. Cherry, The Air He Breathes

“Israel is an icon of indomitable spirit embraced by infinite hope in believing the unbelievable.”
― Dr. Tony Beizaee

“I've known businesspeople who were not realistic thinkers. Here's the good news: they were very positive and had a high degree of hope for their business. Here's the bad news: hope is not a strategy.”
― John C. Maxwell, Thinking for a Change: 11 Ways Highly Successful People Approach Life and Work [Paperback] [Oct 05, 2014] JOHN C. MAXWELL

“Remember, my sister, even the light of a thousand splendid suns falls short of the majesty of the Creator. He will save us.”
― Rehan Khan, A Tudor Turk

“Each man lives in the hope he will one day be legend. I no longer think of myself this way.”
― Rehan Khan, A Tudor Turk

“Over the years I have often prayed for my children’s character to flourish. I have experienced over time that God is more interested in our character than in us having a comfortable life. It is, of course, through the hard times that we grow. We cannot experience the glory without the suffering. I have noticed that when my children go through challenging experiences, they mature in different areas of their lives.”
― Mandi Hart, Parenting with Courage: Shaping Lives, Leaving a Legacy

“The Scripture Is Given To You To Create The Picture of Your Lovely Future!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, My Heritage

“A Destroyed Future Can Be Sutured And Restructured By Creating Pictures From The Scriptures...”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, My Heritage

“Life has much of harmony yet in store for you.”
― Fanny Fern, Ruth Hall: A Domestic Tale of the Present Time

“He who is without hope is also without fear.

- On Psychology”
― Arthur Schopenhauer, The Horrors and Absurdities of Religion

“In the ashes of bitter tragedy, lie the seeds of astonishing rebirth.”
― Stewart Stafford

“Children do not only have an innate hope; they are hope. And more than that: they are our future. As Kahlil Gibran writes, they are like "living arrows sent forth" into infinity, and their souls "dwell in the house of tomorrow..." They carry their hope with them to a future we can't see.

Children come to us fresh from the divine source, from what I call "Mama," from life itself, and they lead us to the same: to the God-force within creation. That is why none of us - no matter our race, creed, religion, or politics - can look at a child and not feel joy. We look at them, and something thrills us to the depth of our hearts. They are living miracles, and when we see them we know that there is a God, that life itself is a miracle. Children show us, with their innocence and clarity, the very face of God in human form.”
― Mumia Abu-Jamal, Death Blossoms: Reflections from a Prisoner of Conscience

“إنّ تسمية المحيط المسالِم أو الهادئ منذ عبورِه أوّل مرّةٍ من قِبَل بحّارة أوربّيين لم تكن أكثر من صفةٍ لأملٍ يائس”
― Christoph Ransmayr, Atlas eines ängstlichen Mannes

“She ran back to a person
Who broke her
With the hope that
He would fix everything
And surprisingly
He did”
― Jyoti Patel, The Curved Rainbow

“Hope is the food of the foolish. Eat up, kiddos.”
― Cori McCarthy, Once & Future

“Is that stupid?" he asked. It was the first time she'd seen him look anything less than sure of himself. "To want a chance at greatness?”
― Leigh Bardugo, Wonder Woman: Warbringer

“Faith is faithfulness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We think we meet someone with our eyes
When we actually meet them with our soul”
― Mimi Novic , Your Light Is The Key

“Don't despair precious ones, no worry is too great that love can't heal.
Each day whilst moving through the mists of time our heart is gently whispering the way of scattered dreams, the path fragranced with the sweet smell of hope, as we walk upon the way towards the sanctuary of ourselves.”
― Mimi Novic, Guidebook to Your Heart

“We must give freedom to our soul to fly every single day of our life,
Or there will come a day when we will completely forget that we have wings.”
― Mimi Novic, Guidebook to Your Heart

“With prayer, life is a paradise.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There is no kind teacher like tribulations.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Spencer closed his eyes, all the pent-up frustration leaking from him. In its place he was left with something even harder to handle. Hope.”
― Valerie M. Bodden, Not Until Forever

“With inner strength, the soul can be still in the storm.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Life is about dancing in the rain while the sun sings its music and the rainbows deliver hope.
It is in being totally and fully present with ourselves,
That we can live a whole lifetime in a single moment.”
― Mimi Novic, The Silence Between the Sighs

“At 10:37pm she took her last breath. Her last breath of life was a very long exhale and then she never took another breath again.”
― Bernadette Sutherland, Dear Mum in Heaven

“It is your faith that will make you stand firm.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“So many of us are struggling, suffering in the loneliness.
We are all fighting something, we are all suffering in our own silent way.”
― Mimi Novic, Your Light Is The Key

“They were so peculiar, these days. They were so absurdly hopeful that their faces had taken on some of the stupidity of domestic beasts.”
― Grace Curley, The Light that Binds Us

“Soon their arms were wrapped around her, and at that moment Alice knew she had found a home, a permanent one, for the first time in her life. Not just within the brownstone walls of that house, but in the people who resided there. For the first time, Alice was apart of a family.”
― Grace Curley, The Light that Binds Us

“But there would also be a time when these fears would slowly ease—when the need to constantly lock and hide and protect would soften, and she would no longer startle at the gentle passing of fingertips on her back in the morning, or a playful jostle of her shoulder by a laughing girl. These things she hoped for, and knew would come. These things she held closest to her heart, like the first peak of sun over a mountain that whispered: You can have this. You can keep this. You deserve this. ”
― Grace Curley, The Light that Binds Us

“Hope is Just Around the Corner – Keep Going”
― Ed Bishop

“If You Think Hope is Just a Dream, Remember That Dreams Do Come True”
― Ed Bishop

“Water,
Walking,
Walking on water.
Walking,
Walking on for years and years and years.
Taking it into my head,
Living by the right lines,
Reading what the very man said.

Water,
I'm walking,
Walking on water,
Walking,
Walking on.

Lying on eleven years,
Taking it into my head,
Mary, Mary drop me softly.
Been reading what your very man said;
Lying on eleven years
Taking it into my head.
Leave my clothes on the beach;
I'm walking down into the sea.

Prove it to me.”
― P.J. Harvey

“Some people are bastions of hope, special, pure, clear, light among the rest and we need a world full of them...”
― Lluvia

“Hope?! Hope is a bit desperate, isn't it? Hope is right below wishful thinking and right above performing a rain dance.”
― Rich Hall

“Peace and happiness!' Miss Ivy was laughing an ugly laugh that hurt Beka's ear. She jumped off the platform and went to stand a the kitchen door. There was a hurt look on Lilla's face, and seeing it, Granny Ivy said, in a much softened voice,
'Those things only visit in spells, Lilla, best to accept it. I have lived these sixty odd years, and I haven't yet met anyone at peace or happy. I don't even know what happiness means. Far as I can make out, it's like love, there when you need it less, gone when you need it more. Hope is the one reliable thing I know.”
― Zee Edgell, Beka Lamb

“The future is a blank canvas. - Rise Up and Salute the Sun”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Only you can decide the person you want to be.”
― Rehan Khan, A Tudor Turk

“One person plus one typewriter constitutes a movement.”
― Pauli Murray

“like a blanket of hope, in your life may all the cold turn to warm...and may all the warmth become a glowing heat, and may all the glowing heat be a wrapped blessing of joy warming your heart”
― bodhinku

“Let go of your sorrow, sing.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Whoever fear God, shall find favour.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Maybe I won’t get sick,” I whisper. “That’s right,” she says, and hope spreads through me like a virus.”
― Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything

“Reason to live, they repeat like a pop song,
The bones of a beloved emperor, and I, the
motionless chariot
trying to drag them home with forced hope.”
― Robin Sinclair, Letters to My Lover From Behind Asylum Walls

“One sees clearly only with the heart. The essential is invisible to the eye.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Le Petit Prince et ses amis

“always remember, you are the sunshine to those who look up to you, and they are your sunbathers...so glow brightly, be that positive enlightenment that radiates joy into their hearts and fills them with warmth and positivity. so that they may do the same one day, unto all those sunbathers who look up to them”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Smith Impressionist Photography

“If I take into consideration the scope of my sorely limited vision, I slowly begin to realize that the less I can see something the greater it actually might be. And maybe that’s what vision is all about.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“If you can't be a hope for yourself, to whom you can be a hope for?”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“when shadows dream of light, it is then that light knows anything is possible”
― bodhinku

“Hope Within Hope
***
I have died again, and again
Now, one would bring me alive
So that
I may long survive

Perhaps anyone would come
Such as the light
And would enlighten me
For the faculty of sight”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Tis better to have an abundance of hope than an absence of faith.”
― F. Allen Davis, Continuous Improvement By Improving Continuously (CIBIC): Addressing the Human Factors During the Pursuit of Process Excellence

“Please look at them and know that you too can seize your failure by the neck and look it in the eyes. Know that you can gaze at the you that was and say, "I love you. You can be more than this."

Know that you can step forward, even when everything in you is screaming to keep looking back.

You are evolving and growing.

You deserve to.”
― K. Ancrum, The Weight of the Stars

“I see how we ourselves stand before the future, divided between hope and fear. But at least we know that there is a future, that the moment is momentous. We stand now as we do sometimes in our own individual humdrum lives, thrilled by the thought of the morrow, the morrow which will be utterly unlike today, or yesterday.”
― Henry Miller, The Wisdom of the Heart

“when the shadows are dancing with the scattering sun rays in a melody of illumination flowing all around, you know anything is possible...magic happens, there is just an effervescence about everything, everything is more beautiful, more colorful, more alive in the faint glow of the twilight”
― bodhinku

“For many, their dream is simply to survive until tomorrow. And in these situations, my prayer is not that God would alter their circumstances nor change their heart. Rather, it is that they would invite God into both.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“May foolishness extinct itself after her, followed by honesty, integrity, kindness, hope, love and all its poisonous derivatives that plagued those that treasured them.”
― Vann Chow, The Pachinko Girl

“Jesus is my joy”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Every dawn is born with its own unique hope!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“How fragile love is. How delicate and small in its first buds, when it’s just an idea, a wish filled with hope. It is so easy to turn away from it entirely and choose to live alone in your own private fear. I had one moment of courage, and it changed my life. I didn’t turn to love out of loneliness. Or out of habit. I let love change me.”
― Adriana Trigiani, Big Cherry Holler

“Even at her sickest, she tried to create at least one drawing every single day. Sometimes she drew stuff out of her head. Other times, she sketched nurses and orderlies and other patients. Once, she was so tired that she could barely sit up, but she struggled through a detailed drawing of her own scrawny fingers holding a pencil.”
― Paul Acampora, I Kill the Mockingbird

“The magic happens only after we start believing that it will happen, the tricks may look ordinary in the beginning, but they gain extra-ordinary power once strengthened by hope and determination. Hope is magic, just keep searching for the new tricks.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Healing takes place in the heart.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hope keeps the heart in a happy state.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hope makes a happy heart.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The trouble with getting your hopes up too far is: it's a long way down.”
― Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star

“With death on our conscious we have the opportunity to act with diligence and love unconditionally”
― Sheryl Griffin, Poetic Ramblings of a Hopeful Heart

“Contemplation is a spiritual practice that has the potential to heal, and connect us to the source of our being.”
― Richard Rohr

“The Garden

If no one loves her
Please, love you
Even if she’s a wreckage
Or lost, in a predetermined path
Or broken, by a perfect love
Or loved, by your sacrificial loneliness
Please, build her
Even when you have no stone
Or judge her abysmal tombstone
Or her nothingness collapses your passion
Water her azaleas
Out of frozen concrete
From sublime bottles
No one full, ever knew how to fill.

Jenim Dibie”
― Jenim Dibie

“We are nowhere, wanting to be somewhere, idling at the starting line of adulthood.”
― Libba Bray, Hope Nation: YA Authors Share Personal Moments of Inspiration

“Without hope, we are helpless.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hope is that final fuel to complete the fact.”
― Alan Maiccon

“It is beautiful how every single time I look at the sky, the moon, the constellations and the stars changing their position, I see hope.”
― Nitya Prakash

“...so I'm not going to be good at answering these binary questions, you see. Because sometimes I am so terrified of getting out of bed, because I don't know what the world will bring, or what I'll see. I am terrified because there is so much darkness out there, there is such cruelty, I am terrified when the phone rings that someone will tell me ... someone I love will have died or the world I thought I knew will be gone for ever and I dread it, I dread the day, I dread what it will bring.

And sometimes I cannot wait for the sun to rise, because the world is full of people, of human beings singing their songs and telling their stories, of lie and passion, glory and wonder, and Death is not a thing to fear, but is life's mirror reminding us to live, live, live, and I am honoured, I am so honoured, to travel the world and see the world is a place of people, and to be alive with them, living with them, even at the end.”
― Claire North, The End of the Day

“Suffering is the first step towards sanctification.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Silence teaches you to understand the signs on bad days; patience is necessary in the course of life, because hope goes before our lives.”
― Alan Maiccon

“I can't wait to collapse
into perfection”
― Sundin Richards

“Repentance leads to times of refreshing.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“God loves you, so He gave you life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“No matter the difficulty, do not give up.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Fear not!”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Religion without righteousness of Faith is vain hope.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Christianity without Jesus Christ is mere hope.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Until you realize your helplessness, can you seek for help.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Without hope, there is no faith. Without faith, no hope will hold.”
― Alan Maiccon

“The one who does not lose hope in love, fear who you are and who you were. Eternally dwells.”
― Alan Maiccon

“The creative being knows that there is harassment in his house, and so he continues on his path, ‘cause he keeps going when there is any harassment around. He is patient when there is tribulation, being a devoted family father, he grows hope with his experiences”
― Alan Maiccon

“Jehovah is a just God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Do not concentrate on your sufferings. Concentrate on your hope. Hope means life.”
― Elmar Hussein

“The creative being knows that there is harassment in his house, and so he continues on his path, ‘cause he keeps going when there is any harassment around. He is patient when there is tribulation, being a devoted family father, he grows hope with his experiences.”
― Alan Maiccon

“If you want to know how easy it is to love someone without holding back, forgive that person genuinely and try loving them again. You will experience love in 3D and in high definition. Forgiveness is the engine of love.”
― Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal

“If you want to know how easy it is to love someone without holding back, forgive that person genuinely and try loving that person again. You will experience love in 3D and in high definition.”
― Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal

“If you do not have a forgiving heart, stay far away from love otherwise you will spoil the beauty of love.”
― Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal

“Worrying is an inkblot over life's wonderful itinerary.”
― Erwin D. Maramat

“Every human being who wishes to fly with the eagles first must acquire indomitable hope. Then they will be able to find it in others.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Today is a hard day." Sometimes, there are hard days. Days stretched so tight with pain that they seem as if they can allow no room for hope.”
― Libba Bray, Hope Nation: YA Authors Share Personal Moments of Inspiration

“In the coming days, there's a question I want you to ask yourselves: "If not me, then who?"
If not me, then who will stand for people whose voices aren't being heard?
If not me, then who will stand for the right of all people to lead lives of joy and dignity?
If not me, then who will stand for facts and reason and learning and truth?
If not me, then who will stand for kindness?
If not me, then who will stand for honesty?
If not me, then who will stand for generosity?
If not me, then who will stand for equality and justice?”
― Jeff Zentner, Hope Nation: YA Authors Share Personal Moments of Inspiration

“But I have learned in the last year, more than ever before, that sometimes we have to be loud.”
― Atia Abawi, Hope Nation: YA Authors Share Personal Moments of Inspiration

“If I had to give the young one piece of advice, it would be this: don't believe in tomorrow.”
― Marty Rubin

“It’s not the pain that’s unendurable. It’s the hopelessness. It’s the hopelessness that makes you reckless.”
― Tahereh Mafi, Shadow Me

“That’s what I need right now; something to save me from being pulled under by hope again.”
― Jessica Pennington, When Summer Ends

“Are you happy?"

"I think I may be going to be happy."

Remember, things do not force, forge or fashion. They fall into place”
― Ann Beattie, Chilly Scenes of Winter

“Be grateful for each day, even the dark ones.”
― Pepper Winters, The Son & His Hope

“There is always light in the midst of the Darkness, even if it’s only a pinpoint in the distance. And when it seems as if there isn’t, it’s just an illusion. Just a lie that the Darkness wants you to believe. Break through the illusion. Remember that you’re growing through it and towards the light. You are always growing towards the light.”
― Millie Florence, Lydia Green Of Mulberry Glen

“There is always light in the midst of darkness, even if it is only a pinpoint int he distance.”
― Millie Florence, Lydia Green Of Mulberry Glen

“May the saints of all the stars and constellations bring you hope as they guide you out of the dark and into the light, on this voyage and the next. And all the journeys still to come. For now and evermore. - The Doctor.”
― Chris Chibnall

“Optimists are the least prepared for the loss of hope.”
― James Marcus

“He had always found hope harder to deal with than despair. Despair didn't get disappointed.”
― K.J. Charles, The Magpie Lord

“Hope is a lover's staff; walk hence with that
And manage it against despairing thoughts.”
― William Shakespeare, The Two Gentlemen of Verona

“From the time of snow-melt,
when the creek roared
and the mud slid
and the seeds cracked,
I listened to the earth-talk,
the root-wrangle,
the arguments of energy,
the dreams lying
just under the surface,
then rising,
becoming
at the last moment
flaring and luminous --

(excerpt from the poem, Wild Trilliums)”
― Mary Oliver , Dream Work

“The beautiful thing about hope is that it acts exclusively of the thing being hoped for. During a dark day, the prospect of a bright tomorrow offers you strength today regardless of what tomorrow actually holds.”
― Daniel V Chappell

“He must have heard her, because he finally stood and turned with an automatic smile before registering the sight of her. His eyes widened as he absorbed the way she looked, his mouth slightly ajar. He seemed immobilized, struggling anf failing to find his voice.
"You're... Indescribablly beautiful," he finally whispered. "Truly."
He was in love with her, she realized with sudden force.”
― Nicholas Sparks, Every Breath

“I stand perfectly still.
Every inch of my skin is taut with tension, fraught with feeling and the pressure is building in my chest, pounding louder and faster and harder, overcompensating for my stillness. I do not tremble when I’m frozen in time. I train my breaths to come slower, I count things that do not exist, I make up numbers I do not have, I pretend time is a broken hourglass bleeding seconds through sand. I dare to believe.
I dare to hope....”
― Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me

“The book she held had collapsed against her chest, planted like a shield between her tender heart and all that discouraged and despaired.”
― Millie Florence, Lydia Green Of Mulberry Glen

“When prayer flags flutter and the prayers inscribed on them blend into the wind, the surroundings sing. Hope soars, compassion spills. May those feelings guide us all through the day.”
― Pooja Bhatt

“Courage is not the absence of fear,
it's to feel the fear and do it anyway.”
― Jeanette Coron

“God’s faith in me always dwarfs my faith in Him.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“f all we see are cinders and ashes, all we see is ‘what was’ at the expense of what the cinders and ashes are preparing to be.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Player: Sir, I don’t think we will win this match, every team member is convinced about the loss, the discussion is only about how badly.

Coach: What do you think?
The player: I think we only win if we decide to win, but I am just one member of the team, I can’t do anything on my own. At the end of the day it’s a team game. One person can make a difference, but the games are won by the teams.

Coach: So, go there and make a difference.

Player: How?

Coach: It’s difficult but not impossible, you not only have to fight the opponents but also the fear of your team-mates, pretend it’s not difficult, stand firm, just over-look the refusals & denials, keep trying & make them believe it’s a cake-walk even if you are bruised, petrified or tired.

Player: But what about the negative mind-set of some players.

Coach: Don’t worry about them. They are like sheep, will anyways follow the majority. Keep trying, and most of them will feel ashamed of not doing anything, at least they will pretend to try, and that will give a positive signal to other players.

Player: But I also feel de-motivated at times?

Coach: Well, find your motivation in fighting the loss of hope, picture yourself in a post win situation, go for the win & take others along, even if some needs to be carried on your back.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Suffering gives you hope.”
― Nitya Prakash

“The words they spoke. The feelings that would not take the form of words. Forgotten Promises. Unrealized hopes. Frustrated longings.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Bear the ills of life without being bitter.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hope sees what we can’t. And because we can’t, hope asks us to believe that it can.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“God is not dead—
She has forsaken us.
We wipe our angry, hate-filled tears
after another shooting, as a man
polishes his gun outside a mosque.
All those stolen lives—we scream
for justice! But God has quietly left
our temples and churches.
She will not return, for what WE have done
is much worse. We have murdered
humanity.
God has deserted even the devout of us
who save our love and compassion
for those good and righteous, as we abandon the bigots
brimming with hate. Yes, those least deserving
of love, but the most in need of it.
God’s agony rings in our hearts. She wails for the future
shooters. Though we reject them,
God greets these cracked and confused creatures—
the least deserving of compassion but the most in need of it!
We’ve read their spiteful tweets, but when we pass
them in classrooms, in trains and markets, we dismiss
those seemingly small opportunities for kindness.
We don’t know—and how ignorant we are—
that every time we ignore them,
we sharpen our daggers
and stab humanity in its pink raw flesh,
not in dark alleyways. No, we do this openly
in broad daylight, for hating them
shows how loving we are. For condemning
them proves how moral we are.
But every shooting illumines
the failure of our collective duty to love
as God loves, to be compassionate as God
is compassionate.
Your prayers heal, yes,
but for God’s sake, let God be.
I say: First,
resurrect your humanity!”
― Kamand Kojouri

“Optimism is the act of dreaming and believing at the same time. There is hope in optimism, otherwise pessimism would minimize the chances of the triumphal entry of hope.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Are you in pain?
Do not panic, pray!”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hope never comes late, we should consistently practice it.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Hope moves barriers for one who has learned to move by decision.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Hope divides seas for a captain of a shipwreck.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Brainpower is our inner genius that craves to radiate creativity, positivity, hope, and ideas for the greater good of our real self and the world.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Sometimes, before even attempting to achieve something we feel afraid because we don’t know what will be the result of our efforts. We don’t know whether we will go all the way or whether dissatisfaction with the results would make us abandon our goals midway.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“One needs to keep reminding themselves of higher goals at all times while observing the outcomes of smaller actions.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“I understand now that magic is not for wickedness, not for the devil, not for those with cruel hearts. It's for hope. For survival. It thrives in the darkness not because it is dark in nature but because the fire shines brightest then.”
― Elizabeth May, Toil & Trouble: 15 Tales of Women & Witchcraft

“Hope is contagious. When you have enough it spreads naturally.”
― Laura Sebastian, Lady Smoke

“I hope you fall in love with someone who treats you right.
I hope you fall in love with someone who kisses your scars, kisses right where it hurts and make you feel alright.
I hope you fall in love with someone who knows how to make you laugh.
I hope you fall in love with someone who’ll never make you question your worth or the fact that you are enough.
And darling, I hope you fall in love with that one who’ll let you sleep peacefully at night with no doubts that may eat you alive…”
― Samiha Totanji

“I'd grown fond of quoting Václav Havel, the great Czech leader who had said that "hope" was the one thing that people struggling in Eastern Europe needed during the era of Soviet domination.

Havel had said that people struggling for independence wanted money and recognition from other countries; they wanted more criticism of the Soviet empire from the West and more diplomatic pressure. But Havel had said that these were things they wanted; the only thing they needed was hope. Not that pie in the sky stuff, not a preference for optimism over pessimism, but rather "an orientation of the spirit." The kind of hope that creates a willingness to position oneself in a hopeless place and be a witness, that allows one to believe in a better future, even in the face of abusive power. That kind of hope makes one strong.”
― Bryan Stevenson, Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption

“Spilled Ink

It seemed unfair
And unfinished,
And now it would always be tragic.

Because you kept
Loving them
Even when the story ended.

And there was nowhere
To spill the ink
Of the heartbreak their absence wrote.”
― Liz Newman, Of Ruin and Renewal: Poems For Rebuilding

“Sometimes,
People just aren’t going to get it
It’s an ever-elusive concept, to be understood
All you can hope for
Is that you find someone that tries.
Find someone that tries.”
― Liz Newman, Of Ruin and Renewal: Poems For Rebuilding

“The Mask

We often pair the turmoil in our mind
With a calm exterior,
Hoping that the mask
Will serve as a floodgate
To hold back the chaos
Of our swirling thoughts”
― Liz Newman, Of Ruin and Renewal: Poems For Rebuilding

“You are completely free to reject everything we have to say about spirituality. What we believe in is not that important. What really counts is what you believe that gives your life meaning, direction, and purpose.”
― Gary Eby, Reflections: A Journey to God

“As I stand cloaked in some seemingly perpetual darkness desperately hoping for a scant ray of light, I ask, “Why has the sun never risen?” And I realize that it rose a long, long time ago. I just refused to open my eyes sufficiently to see it.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Her heart was gasping, empty. Whatever resistance had been in her, she gave it up. Her hands knew what they wanted: They wanted Akiva, the spark and heat of him. Even in the warmth of the Moroccan spring, she was cold, as if the only thing with a chance of warming her was him.”
― Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone

“...but in the next moment I cursed myself for being so great a fool as to dream of hope at all.”
― Edgar Allan Poe, A Descent into the Maelstrom

“Nothing is so cold and so calculating as money in a void where love and hope had been.”
― Skye Warren, Trust Fund

“What she had shared with Akiva could not be touched by shame. Madrigal lifted her voice to say, "We dreamed together of the world remade.”
― Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone

“I wish my hair was blue."
But she never broke the bone. What started as a childish defiance turned into something else. Weeks became months, and the longer she went without breaking the wishbone, the more important it seemed that when she did, the wish - the hope, rather - should be worthy of her.
In the requiem grove with Akiva, it finally was.”
― Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone

“It is evil to give up on someone before them.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Let us get back to the Winning Ways, Let’s Forget about Despair, let’s hope better things for Tomorrow, time to let go of what’s Saddens our hearts”
― Sami Abouzid

“Hope is an essential emotion...despair gives birth to monsters”
― Elena Bougioukou

“I wish to find you where the sky meets the ocean's edge. I wish to paint sunlight on your skin and whisper the song of a lightly-breaking wave into your soul. I wish to bathe in your essence and, when the Sun finally sets, lay nestled in your arms needing nothing but your heat beating in my year and the certainty of your hand on my chest.”
― Tom Grasso

“No hope, but death, to bury up our shame.

Phillip – Act IV, scene 7”
― William Shakespeare, King Edward III

“Let adversity reinforce your principles and values, not destroy them, hold on to them, like a strong tree holding on to the ground and his roots against the winds and tempest. The Storm will pass.”
― Lizzie Blazquez

“Atlantis

People would whisper about us
And our fall from grace
As our world fell to ruin
And our worst fears were realized,
We’d be submerged and forgotten
The stuff of speculation.
Legend at best,
We were a lost city,
Singing our siren ballads
Of heartbreak and woe
From the depths below,
We were here!
We were here.
We were here…”
― Liz Newman, Of Ruin and Renewal: Poems For Rebuilding

“Once you understand the value of time constraints, you life will suddenly be free. With freedom you’ll be better enabled to provide joy to those you serve with intentional attention.”
― Richie Norton

“...to be defenseless did not mean to be without honor.”
― Madeleine Albright, Fascism: A Warning

“Let's never stop searching for our Kindred souls,
The ones that take us from the darkness of the night to the daybreak of hope.”
― Mimi Novic, The Silence Between the Sighs

“Almost everybody needs ideas to live by including hope and faith in order to tolerate the hardships of existence.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“...hopelessness can create an atmosphere where fixable problems become unfixable ones. We must work to resist this erosion in our belief in the potential of our own behavior and actions to change things.”
― Carol Brunson Day

“There is a far greater purpose for us and the world, more than we can see or some would like us to see.
We must carry on and trust infinitely the power of the soul.”
― Mimi Novic, Guidebook to Your Heart

“Hope was the wind that came from nowhere to fill your sails and carry you home.”
― Leigh Bardugo, King of Scars

“She hopes she might convince her sea monster that she will not abandon her.”
― Melissa Barbeau, The Luminous Sea

“Anger is an assertion of rights and worth. It is communication, equality, and knowledge. It is intimacy, acceptance, fearlessness, embodiment, revolt, and reconciliation. Anger is memory and rage. It is rational thought and irrational pain. Anger is freedom, independence, expansiveness, and entitlement. It is justice, passion, clarity, and motivation. Anger is instrumental, thoughtful, complicated, and resolved. In anger, whether you like it or not, there is truth.

Anger is the demand of accountability. It is evaluation, judgment, and refutation. It is reflective, visionary, and participatory. It's a speech act, a social statement, an intention, and a purpose. It's a risk and a threat. A confirmation and a wish. It is both powerlessness and power, palliative and a provocation. In anger, you will find both ferocity and comfort, vulnerability and hurt. Anger is the expression of hope.”
― Soraya Chemaly, Rage Becomes Her: The Power of Women's Anger

“A broken soul is like an alabaster box that contains expensive perfume. God recognizes its sweet aroma, our personal composition of failure and frustration, through which He chooses to teach us humility, patience, and hope.”
― Alis Cerrahyan

“Someday is my favorite day of the week!”
― Jessica de la Davies, Slippery When Wet!

“Battling for our Wounded Warriors to have a better tomorrow for what they battled for US yesterday.”
― Roxanne Ward

“Could it that the impossible is compelling because we have just enough God within us to know the impossible to be achievable, and just enough of ourselves within us to know that we have to rely on Him to do it?”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Time is the most powerful healer, that heals almost every wound. Just trust the process, take your time and let the healing begin.”
― Asma Naqi

“Inside of my soul they lay
One twisted devil and hundreds of angels pray.
So whenever my devil sings its gloomy song through my mind,
Those angels gather and whisper through my heart;
Prayers of hope and peace that my soul rises upon the highest sky…”
― Samiha Totanji

“The bravest of whom I’ve known are those who have been through suffering, disappointments and pain.
But still they choose to love fearlessly, give nonstop and live with hope that fills their lungs …”
― Samiha Totanji

“The man who leaves you is simply clearing the way for the one you deserve.”
― Naide P Obiang

“For it is often through the gift of becoming undone, being in a situation that’s way over our heads, that we can understand our life’s purpose the clearest, especially how we can use our individuality to mend our undoing through a vision that better matches the potential of our Higher Self.”
― H.L. Balcomb, Cinderella In Focus: "Finding hope when you're feeling a sense of hopelessness!" pub date: Dec. 2018

“Where have you been?” I softly answered followed by a question. I wanted to laugh hysterically at the controlled calmness of it all, as if nothing at all had happened, as if he hadn’t resurrected himself after an eternity of absence.
“New York. I have a good friend there. I found a job, a place. I had to- away from here; away from Bella; from you.”
Swallowing, I clasped my hands together to stop from trembling and I said in a low, audible voice, “From me?”
He sighed heavily. “I can’t love you, Helena. I still love Bella. And I suppose I could love another woman in another way at the same time, but not you.”
“…but why?” I tried hard to keep my voice and gaze even. I glanced at the plain wedding ring on the third finger on his left hand, his wedding band. It was gleaming brightly in the firelight. I felt my heart plummet, like a disappointed child.
Seeking the right words, he replied with a very soft voice, “It’s because I would always see you as an extension of her. I want to fall in love with you in separate way, the one that involves only us, uninfluenced by the past and our hurt. I can’t do that now and I can’t tell when I’ll be able to.”
― Bea C. Pilotin, The Whys Of Us

“Where have you been?” I asked, almost a whisper. I wanted to laugh hysterically at the controlled calmness of it all, as if nothing at all had happened, as if he hadn’t resurrected himself after an eternity of absence.
“New York. I have a good friend there. I found a job, a place. I had to- away from here; away from Bella; from you.”
Swallowing, I clasped my hands together to stop from trembling and I said in a low, audible voice, “From me?”
He sighed heavily. “I can’t love you, Helena. I still love Bella. And I suppose I could love another woman in another way at the same time, but not you.”
“…but why?” I tried hard to keep my voice and gaze even. I glanced at the plain wedding ring on the third finger on his left hand, his wedding band. It was gleaming brightly in the firelight. I felt my heart plummet, like a disappointed child.
Seeking the right words, he replied with a very soft voice, “It’s because I would always see you as an extension of her. I want to fall in love with you in separate way, the one that involves only us, uninfluenced by the past and our hurt. I can’t do that now and I can’t tell when I’ll be able to.”
― Bea C. Pilotin, The Whys Of Us

“The world tells us to be our best selves, to be amazing, to be an inspiration. Sometimes, it's nice to just BE.”
― Jessica de la Davies, Inspire & Nurture SELF CARE

“Does that mean that all one has to do is wait for the right moment? It was not just a question of that, as Hesse explained: the vita active and the vita contemplativa stand in a very sensitive relation to one another, which must constantly be rebalanced. He would come to summarize this in 1956: 'The flaw in our questioning and complaining is presumably this: namely, that we desire to have something given to us from outside that we can only attain within ourselves, through our own dedication. We demand that life must have a meaning - yet it has precisely as much meaning as we are able to impart to it.' This led him on to formulate the idea of a elite, a secret society, the invisible realm of the league of those taking part in The Journey to the East and finally to The Glass Bead Game - the 'monastery for free spirits' that Nietzsche had in mind and that Hesse affirmed and rejected in equal measure: 'In short, wanting to improve humanity is always a hopeless task. That is why I have always built my faith on the individual, for the individual can be educated and is capable of improvement, and according to my faith it has always been and still remains the small elite of well-intentioned, dedicated, and courageous people who are the guardians of all that is good and beautiful in the world.”
― Gunnar Decker, Hesse: The Wanderer and His Shadow

“The best day includes time for play.
Today is the day!”
― Jessica de la Davies

“Who longs in solitude to live,
Ah! soon his wish will gain:
Men hope and love,
men get and give,
and leave him to his pain.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“No matter how bleak or menacing a situation may appear, it does not enitrely own us. It can't take away our freedom to respond, our power to take action.”
― Ryder Carroll, The Bullet Journal Method: Track the Past, Order the Present, Design the Future

“A fact of life is there is tragedy and hope. There is sadness and joy. To ignore one over the other will destroy a person.”
― Todd Stocker

“ان حياتي لن تكون ابدا في المغرب.
مع انني احب وطني بعمق ... احب ارضه و تاريخه...احب لغته و تقاليده.
احب شعبه المستضعف المقهور...لكنه متعال و شامخ على مر العصور
ليس بيني و بينه حواجز و سدود ... بيني و بينه قصة حب خالدة لا ينطفئ اوارها... انني ابنته الباره ابدا... من صلبه ولدت انا..ومن ترابه...ما اسعدني عندما يقولون لي بانني شعبية... انه وسام فخر اعتز به...و اعذب مديح سمعته في حياتي.
و انا ملقاة في غياهب السجن ساعدتني على الصمود والبقاء تلك الكراهية التي كانت تملأ قلبي لجلادي ... والتي خلت انذاك انها تشمل كذالك بلادي.
لكنهم ما ان اطلقوا سراحي حتى انطفأت نيرانها و خمدت اليوم حين تحاول الكراهية ان تذر بقرنها... وتطفو الى السطح من جديد...اعيدها بكل جوارحي الى القعر...لا اريدها ان تنغص علي عيشي وان تدمر ما تبقى من حياتي.
ان الكراهية تنهش الروح و تضعضع الجسد ... انها لا تجدي نفعا ولن تعيد الي الذي مضى....”
― Malika Oufkir, Stolen Lives: Twenty Years in a Desert Jail

“If we stop worrying about what others may think of us; we too can dance like nobody’s watching as we go through life's unexpected circumstances; just like a child, waving our arms and kicking our legs with abandon, with no fear of judgment. We can twirl weightlessly to our own personal music of faith and hope.”
― Alis Cerrahyan, Dance Like Nobody's Watching

“I don't know why I keep asking you these questions. It's not like I expect you to answer, and even if you did answer, how would I know? But maybe that doesn't matter. Maybe when I ask you a question like "You doing okay?" you should just tell me, even if I can't hear you, and then I'll just sit here and imagine what you might say.
You might say, "sure thing, Nao. I'm okay. I'm doing just fine.”
"Okay, awesome" I would say to you, and then we would smile at each other across time like we were friends, because we are friends by now, aren't we?”
― Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being

“Hopes are so very well constructed.”
― Emma Richler, Be My Wolff

“Once the change
Completed inside
The change outside began
The crawling caterpillar spread her wings
And the consequences were felt around the globe”
― Nhojj Poetry, Hope

“हम उम्मीद अच्छे की करते है फिर जो मिल जाये उसी में खुश रहते है”
― Sushil Singh

“Mimi, all shadows are cast by light. There is a moment, a chance, when you face your greatest darkness, that you can turn, just a little bit, and trace the source of the shadow unto its origin. It is in those moments you have the chance to understand something about yourself and about the world that you may have never seen before. The darkness of your past is an opportunity. You are not the things that have happened to you. You are not your talents or your weakness, you are what you choose to be. There is no shadow you can cast that love, friendship, and kindness cannot overcome.”
― Michael Kilman, Mimi of the Nowhere

“Family is there for each other Leahara, as best as they can be. Sometimes it’s the little things. Sometimes they are distanced because they have to be. Sometimes they do things that we don’t understand. And sometimes the best families are the ones that we make in life, not the ones we are born with.”
― Michael Kilman, Mimi of the Nowhere

“There are spiritual solutions to all life challenges: breathe deeply; relax; affirm the positive; place your hand on your heart; quiet your mind; lot go; smile; listen to your Inner Voice. Feel Peace...Joy...Grace...Gratitude...Healing...Abundant Life..,Love!”
― Gary Eby

“Choose the positive because it's all good: be honest; be open; stop and think; see the red flags; let go of ego; now make a healthy choice.”
― Gary Eby, Reflections: A Journey to God

“Nothing but a symbol? People die for symbols. People have hope because of symbols. They're not just lines. They're histories, cultures, traditions, given shape.”
― Roshani Chokshi, The Gilded Wolves

“Waiting is still an occupation. It is having nothing to wait for that is terrible.”
― Cesare Pavese, Il mestiere di vivere: Diario 1935-1950

“The point I'm making is that you can choose to look at the tough moments as failures or you can choose to look at them as a bad few minutes in a good day. It's okay to feel sorry for yourself for a few seconds, but then you need to pick yourself up and brush yourself off. If you do that, you never fail.”
― Katie McGarry, Only a Breath Apart

“There is a noise that is different to grief. Sadness wails and cries and lets loose a sound to the heavens like a baby calling for its mother. That kind of noisy grief is hopeful. It believes that things can be put right, or that help can come. There is a different kind of sound to that. Babies left alone too long do not even cry. They become very still and quiet. They know no one is coming.”
― Naomi Alderman, The Power

“Yaşamda belli bir noktaya gelince, en son ölen umut değil, en son umut ölümdür.”
― Leonardo Sciascia, Una storia semplice

“Worrying requires way more energy than hoping, which—unlike worrying—is energizing.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Isn't that how the world is going to change? By each of us putting ourselves out there, facing despair, and taking care of one another?”
― Corey Wheeland, Blessed, Beautiful Now: How I Embraced The Present By Celebrating My Past And Learned to Love Life Again

“Sometimes the brightest lights come out of the darkest corners.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, Encouragement: How to Be and Find the Best

“For wasn't it just a matter of time before we crossed each other's path?
Despite all the hoopla, wasn't Manhattan just ten miles long and a mile or two wide? So in the days that followed, I kept en eye out, I looked for his figure on the street corners and in the coffee shops. I imagined coming home and having him emerge once more from the doorway across the street. But as the weeks turned into months, and the months into years, this sense of anticipation waned, and slowly but surely, I stopped expecting to see him in a crowd.”
― Amor Towles , Rules of Civility

“For wasn't it just a matter of time before we crossed each other's path?
Despite all the hoopla, wasn't Manhattan just ten miles long and a mile or two wide? So in the days that followed, I kept an eye out, I looked for his figure on the street corners and in the coffee shops. I imagined coming home and having him emerge once more from the doorway across the street. But as the weeks turned into months, and the months into years, this sense of anticipation waned, and slowly but surely, I stopped expecting to see him in a crowd.”
― Amor Towles, Rules of Civility

“If you ask me what I live for, I'll say catharsis. And hope. And writing. I'll never be a defeatist”
― Mohadesa Najumi

“We live in the real world, and make our choices based on what’s in front of us, but we can always pray for a miracle.”
― Peter V. Brett, Messenger’s Legacy

“The whole world was out there, but I was in my mother's arms, and I didn't know it yet.”
― Nina LaCour, We Are Okay

“We, alone, are responsible to choose whether we default to reflect the world, or be a reflection upon the world.”
― Garry Fitchett

“The mind says everyone is temporary but the heart fills you with the hope that someone will prove your mind wrong.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Everyday is a new opportunity to raise the bar. Make today count.”
― Wesam Fawzi

“But a man must have peaches if he comes upon a very bad day. Without peaches in syrup there’s nothing to look forward to and so man stays put, and so a man drowns.”
― Henry Reign, When Fire Met Rain

“His presence is found at the end of your rope”
― ALLENE VANOIRSCHOT, Daddy's Little Girl

“Hold onto your miracle,
It's just a spark right now,
Guard it from the wind that blows,
Ignore the tongues that wag and the clock that drags so slow,
Day you day the spark to a flame will grow,
On a day unexpected, the miracle in life will show”
― Ann D'Silva, Sand & Sea : Footprints in the Sand

“We need to be honest with ourselves before we can truly be honest with others.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, Encouragement: How to Be and Find the Best

“Trade in our cynical hopelessness for cynical hopefulness. If we must be cynical, choose hopeful over hopeless.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, Encouragement: How to Be and Find the Best

“Hope alone will never change the state of your life. Hope simply comes to inspire you.
Hope prophesies on your future.
Hope enables you-
to stand up and do
to stand up and rebuild
to stand up and live.”
― Naide P Obiang

“I write romance because when it is driven by a female, it empowers women and gives hope for a happy ending.”
― Kailin Gow

“Tomorrow never disappoints.”
― Naide P Obiang

“red light contradicts
blue sky and so much
depends on makeshift branches
set in stone.”
― Ben Ditmars, Mirrored Voices: Emerging Poets Anthology

“Don't hope for better times, work towards them”
― Mike Yanek, The Book of Manly Quotes: 200 Quotes on Masculinity, Success and Happiness

“When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it. Each thing has to transform itself into something better, and to acquire a new Personal Legend, until, someday, the Soul of the World becomes one thing only.”
― Paulo Coelho

“The suffering of pain and abandonment is overcome by the suffering of love, which is not afraid of what is sick and ugly but accepts it and takes it in itself to heal it.”
― Ilea Delio

“One who has survived a forest fire would never let a spark go astray.”
― Sruthi T K

“Fear is like a megaphone in your head that pulses aggression and sadness. Hope is the audio gain adjuster. Happiness is the musical algorithm.”
― Deborah Bravandt

“[Y]ou may live in the world as it is, but you can still work to create the world as it should be.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“...hugging Dad back feels like the good thing to do and my hope is to grow into a good man, so I do it.”
― Trent Dalton, Boy Swallows Universe

“I know it hurts and I know there are days when you wake up in the middle of the night and can’t breathe because of this unbearable lack of something or someone. I know what it’s like to be sad for no reason at all, standing in the rain with no intention of surviving. I know things hurts, I hurt, but life can also be so beautiful… Wonderful things are waiting for you. I know it, I’ve had a taste of it, small moments of complete clarity. Magical nights under the stars and peaceful mornings with someone you love. Before you know it you will thank yourself for staying strong and holding on. I do, most of the days. I know there are days when even one single positive thought feels like too much effort, but you must develop an unconditional love for life. You must never lose your childish curiosity for the possibilities in every single day. Who you can be, what you can see, what you can feel and where it can lead you. Be in love with your life, everything about it. The sadness and the joys, the struggles and the lessons, your flaws and strengths, what you lose and what you gain.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps

“Hope can have sharp edges as it leaves you.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Where You'll Land

“Hope is a sign of vitality. With it, anything is possible.”
― Daphne Michaels, Mountaintop Prosperity: Move Quickly to New Heights in Life, Work and Money

“Prayer is one of the few spiritual practices that is pointless unless God is real. Meditation calms the body whether or not there's a spiritual being receiving our deliberate breathing and clear mind. Reading sacred texts aligns us with the wisdom of our ancestors whether or not it was divinely inspired. Church attendance connects us to the needs of our community. Fasting cleanses the body of toxic substances. Resting on Sundays allows us to let go of stress and worry. But prayer? Taking time to pour out our needs and our anxieties, demanding change, confessing sin, crying out for help - all of these things depend upon the existence of God, and specifically the existence of a God who hears and responds to our cries. Prayer in the face of insurmountable problems is an admission of weakness and need. Prayer is a commitment to a better future, a sign of faith that the world will one day be made right. Prayer is an act that emerges out of helplessness. Prayer is an act of hope.”
― Amy Julia Becker, White Picket Fences: Turning toward Love in a World Divided by Privilege

“Everything is new and doomed.”
― Tommy Orange, There There

“The soul finds no peace in peace, it wanders in its longing for ignition.”
― Mahrukh Memon

“It is almost always better to take a chance and hope that your life will get better instead of ending it.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“It’s ok to not look back.
It’s ok to look forward to the future
with a broken heart and a limp.
Is there any other way to
travel toward God
this side of heaven?”
― Rachel Joy Welcher, Two Funerals, Then Easter

“I realize that even in the worst of times there’s always a ray of hope.”
― Trish Cook, Midnight Sun

“Sometimes there is so much that needs to be said that we must get really quiet in the hopes that someone out there is listening hard enough to the silence to hear every last word.”
― Jeanette LeBlanc

“And then what?

"And then I will show you a trick that dragons have."

A tiny flicker of hope sprang to life in my heart.

"Oh, it should be more than a flicker. Haven’t you heard? We dragons can light anything ablaze.”
― Sarah K.L. Wilson, The Ruby Isles

“And we’d all live happily ever after...

"Okay, that was a nice daydream, but maybe it’s time to come back to reality.”
― Sarah K.L. Wilson, The Ruby Isles

“Our parents are the worst for us, the most difficult to endure, precisely because they have the most intentions towards us. Hopes, dreams, needs for relationship. Acknowledgement.”
― Jason Dias, Finding Life on Mars: A novel of isolation

“It won't be the same. . .
I won't be the same. . .”
― Irfa Rahat

“The curtain has fallen on the past, the performance has gone dark and the actors have moved on. Applaud the show, but don’t stay in the dark, hoping for a reprisal that will never come. It’s time to get up and move toward the next act, the one that stars YOU.”
― Toni Sorenson

“I don’t define darkness as the absence of light. Rather, I define it as the absence of God. And in that sense, it’s never dark.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I was never very fond of four-letter words but there was once a man who called me Hope; and I spent four long summers craving to find its synonyms.”
― Sanhita Baruah

“Deep despair, dear Lord, deep despair
My heart yearns to be your heir
But my prayer remains unheard
Speak to me that I may hear
And I will know that you can hear
For I need to see you here!
Deep despair, dear Lord Jesus , deep despair !


Deep despair, dear Lord, deep despair
Your voice I wait to hear
Your presence I seek to be near
That I may not live with fear
And I will always be your heir
And never wander like the deer
Deep despair, dear Lord Jesus, deep despair!

Deep despair, dear Lord , deep despair
When expectations become desperation
May your might be my light
That I may see you as my guide
And do all things in your might
As I journey on with Thy light
Deep despair, dear Lord Jesus, deep despair !

Deep despair, dear Lord , deep despair
May I know who You really are
That I may know who I’m really are
As I stand between here and there
In a world that seeks to keep me here or there
So I may not be your heir
Deep despair, dear Lord Jesus, deep despair!

Deep despair, dear Lord, deep despair
When all hope is gone
And all otherwise thoughts have come
May I smile for what you have done
As You overcome condemnation with redemption
And provide all needs for glorification!
Deep despair, dear Lord Jesus, deep despair!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“Let us think often of this: Whatever comes our way, Christ will hold us fast. Uncertain as this life is, we know this for certain: He will bring us home.”
― Owen Strachan , Always in God's Hands: Day by Day in the Company of Jonathan Edwards

“When it comes right down to it, the only way to face a crises that makes any sense at all - is together. And the only direction to face- is up.”
― Phil Callaway, Family Squeeze: Tales of Hope and Hilarity for a Sandwiched Generation

“The tongue can be an ambassador of the heart. Or a deadly weapon. Somehow the Spirit of God took hold of me. I realized the devastating power of reckless words. And I began to pray that God would transform my tongue and use my words to bring healing and hope.”
― Phil Callaway, Family Squeeze: Tales of Hope and Hilarity for a Sandwiched Generation

“When a broken person is down it takes builders to rebuild them from the bottom to the top”
― Jerome Montgomery II

“Even as a creative artist, I used to think enduring struggles and hard days in silence and telling people everything was great meant I was strong. And then I learned it just meant I was scared---scared of people not loving me any other way. Scared of sharing the lessons that pain had to teach. I no longer see perpetual claims of "fineness" as strength.

People desperately need to see the full human experience, especially the dark parts. They need to know that other folks struggle, too, and that it's all part of a bigger story of triumph. They need permission to keep going, knowing that hardship is normal for everyone. Give them that gift. Have that courage. Tell the whole story.”
― Jennifer DeLucy

“There's is always a way to make life better.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“We were decades, still, from a time when a simple Google search would bring up a head-spinning array of charts, statistics, and medical explainers that either gave or took away hope.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“We grow stronger and freer with every hope, every belief, we discard.”
― Marty Rubin

“First [Simeon] takes the child Jesus into his arms and praises God, saying: "At last, all-powerful Master, you give leave to your servant to go in peace, according to your promise..." (Lk 2:29)”
― Pope Benedict XVI, Jesus of Nazareth: The Infancy Narratives

“Should all the hoards of mankind assemble as one and bring the full force of their numbers against us, we must remember that one man standing alone with God remains an immovable majority.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Now she felt a restlessness that went beyond that; the old hopes felt too confining, as if they were a dress she had outgrown. Perhaps you outgrew your dreams, too, as your world expanded.”
― Cassandra Clare, Queen of Air and Darkness

“The year was past the edge, heading away from the dark... Of course, dark would come again, but that was in the nature of the world. Many things were beginning.”
― Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment

“Somewhere in the process I started writing toward an answer to the question I wake up with every morning and go to bed with every night. How do I find hope on a dying planet, and if there is no hope to be found, how do I live in its absence? In what state of being? Respect? Tenderness? Unmitigated love? The rich and sometimes deeply clarifying dreamscape of vast inconsolable grief?”
― Pam Houston, Deep Creek: Finding Hope in the High Country

“When I'm old I shall wear midnight, she'd decided. But, for now, she'd had enough of darkness.”
― Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky

“Any dream that is all contemplation and no initiation is only a wish.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“He was suddenly thrilled to see his private, personal star arise in the east. This was a particular star his nanny had chosen for him as a child. As a child, he would sometimes talk to this star, but only when he was his most serious, real self, and not being any sort of a show-off or clown. As he grew up, the practice had somehow worn off.
He looked up at his old friend as if to say, “You see my predicament.”
The star seemed to respond, “I see.”
Abel next put the question: “What shall I do?”
The star seemed to answer, “You will do what you will do.” For some reason this reply strengthened Abel’s belief in himself. Sleep gently enfolded him. The constellations proceeded across the hushed heavens as if tiptoeing past the dreaming mouse on his high branch.”
― William Steig, Abel's Island

“A book can change the world, but a word of hope, a smile, and experienced advice can change a life.”
― Jennifer Megan Varnadore

“There is a solution for everything
As long as you believe
Because belief is where magic is found
Remember to hold onto hope
Because hope is ever-lasting and endearing to your heart
And if you can't find a way... create one
There is a solution for everything”
― Christine Evangelou, Exit Point: Arrows From a Rebel Heart

“Some days are sweetened with pure, but fleeting joy. Just keep keeping on.
Some days consist of a kind of sorrow that tries to break you. Just keep keeping on.
Some days are filled with bright, warm light that clearly shows the path to follow. Just keep keeping on.
Some days are filled with calm and peace. Just keep keeping on.
Some days are filled with a violent commotion that does its best to disrupt our innermost harmony. Just keep keeping on.
Some days we must just take a rest, until we can once again, keep keeping on.
Some days are filled with hope and faith and the recognition of a journey we wouldn't trade for anything. And so we keep keeping on.”
― Connie Kerbs

“You bear it by working hard to get ready. You bear it by having good people by your side. You bear it by not just hoping but knowing you can handle a lot, because you already have. At least, that's what always worked for me.”
― Hillary Rodham Clinton, What Happened

“And where are the windows? Where does the light come in?
Bernie, old friend, forgive me, but I haven't got the answer to that one. I'm not even sure if there are any windows in this particular house. Maybe the light is just going to have to come in as best it can, through whatever chunks and cracks have been left in the builder's faulty craftsmanship, and if that's the case you can be sure that nobody feels worse about it than I do. God knows, Bernie; God knows there certainly ought to be a window around here somewhere, for all of us.”
― Richard Yates, Eleven Kinds of Loneliness

“Comfort was that elusive composite of fantasy and hope.”
― Renato E. Madrid, Mass for the Death of an Enemy: A Novel

“There’s nothing wrong in dreaming
when you are awake
Reality is brimming
with hunger, love and ache

The sky is unsure
why the arid moor feels bleak
Quaking of earth to lure
the narrowness of creek

From the poem- Sprinkled”
― Munia Khan

“The world is not interested in what we do for a living. What they are interested in is what we have to offer freely - hope, strength, love, and the power to make a difference!”
― Sasha Azevedo

“He, who had once been the declared optimist, had not once expressed hope. Now it was she who was offering it to him. And it might be false hope”
― Eudora Welty, The Optimist's Daughter

“Hah! Nearly everyone I knows is dead." Mr Weavall stared at the bunch of flowers for a while, then straightened up again. "Still, can't do nothin' about that, can we? Not even for a box of gold!"
"No, Mr Weavall," said Tiffany hoarsely.
"Oh, don't cry, gel! The sun is shinin', the birds is singin' and what's past can't be mended, eh?”
― Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky

“This love is like a dive under the ocean.

When I first saw you I was fascinated by the extensiveness and you were so beautiful. I did not believe you were so deep that I went downstairs. I wanted to know and see what you have - in the depths, all the way down to darkness. Until I was slowly breathed but I wanted to continue. I visit your paradise peacefully and peacefully. The place where the problem is not heavy and I'm free. But as a dive in the sea, my air gradually decreased. I had to go up and assemble a new hope. That's when I'm dialing again I'm stronger, and I can see the depth of your mystery. The ocean will be ashamed of the depth of my love. With every sinking and flight in your abyss, I feel the light of the world even though my breathing is getting dramatic. As I have this love for you, every time I feel, I'm trying to stop myself coming back and coming back to the sea you built in my heart.”
― Sphencer D. Perales

“And where are the windows? Where does the light come in?
Bernie, old friend, forgive me, but I haven't got the answer to that one. I'm not even sure if there are any windows in this particular house. Maybe the light is just going to have to come in as best it can, through whatever chinks and cracks have been left in the builder's faulty craftsmanship, and if that's the case you can be sure that nobody feels worse about it than I do. God knows, Bernie; God knows there certainly ought to be a window around here somewhere, for all of us.”
― Richard Yates, Eleven Kinds of Loneliness

“That's what it is to be a hero," Riordan says. "It's fighting on even when you're hopelessly outnumbered. It's seeing your friends dying all around you, witnessing the most shocking cruelty you could imagine, and still finding the courage to go on. It's doing the very best you can.”
― Juliet Marillier, Tower of Thorns

“Hope fought hard to stay alive. Even when you thought it was beaten to nothing, burned to ashes, drowned deep, still it flickered away, waiting to be found again.”
― Juliet Marillier, Den of Wolves

“As we begin a New Year, let’s discard what was jaded. Let’s put on in its place, the beautiful garments of Faith, Hope and Love.”
― Anusha Atukorala

“If the hope of giving
is to love the living,
the giver risks madness
in the act of giving.”
― James Baldwin

“If I have found promise, it is because I’ve squeezed it from the seemingly impossible.”
― Naomi Whittingham

“In the course of your life, you may lose people. Maybe their paths aren't meant to parallel yours. Maybe they're on their own journey, and you were only meant to start together. It's our foundations that create the basis of who we become. Maybe our paths diverged, maybe we sought different woods that held less traveled steps. We aren't meant to lead the same lives, but that doesn't mean each path doesn't lead to some different part of the same Wonderland. We are all unique, and we all need the chance to change the world in our own ways. Which decisions will you make? Where will you go? What will you give to the world? Who are you really?

Isn't it time you found out? It's never too late until the race is done.”
― Jennifer Megan Varnadore

“Sometimes I feel I am enough for anyone. At other times I hope, I am.”
― Nitya Prakash

“You want to know something I've learned in my life?:

A lot of the people who influence you, don't have anything to their name but time and experience. It isn't the money. It isn't the fame. It's not the temporary pleasures of life that keep you sane while you're in the dark.

It's Hope.”
― Jennifer Megan Varnadore

“I could see in her a piece of the bright hope I once had in myself and it made me sour and angry. It made me feel sorry for her too. I wanted to take both her hands in mine, look her in the eye, and let her see that the world isn't interested in a little black girl's dreams.”
― Jeanette Winterson, The World and Other Places: Stories

“Man is alive by his hope.”
― Ali Khaheshi, HAPPY LIVING: A guide to understand yourself and your behaviours

“Never be so dependent on technology that a notification is the only thing that brings you hope.”
― Nitya Prakash

“And here we are. Selling our dreams, to someone else and getting paid for it with the counterfeit. Which we would keep safe all our life, in the hope of using it to buy the dreams of others, in the future again.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“We were planting seeds of change, the fruit of which we might never see. We had to be patient.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“People need stories, child. They bring us hope, and that hope is real.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Skyward

“Do you know how magic works?
The kind of magic that gets reindeer to fly in the sky? The kind that helps Father Christmas travel around the world in a single night? The kind that can stop time and make dreams come true?
Hope.
That's how.
Without hope, there would be no magic.”
― Matt Haig, The Girl Who Saved Christmas

“I hope I’ll always believe in love. Even if love shames me and tries to destroy me, I hope I’ll want to start again.”
― Warsan Shire

“There he lost his love and half his crew, if the tales be true…”
― George R.R. Martin, Fire & Blood

“Hope is a crazy thing, a courageous thing. Faith is a bold, irrational choice.”
― Katie Davis Majors, Daring to Hope: Finding God's Goodness in the Broken and the Beautiful

“Suffering is a given, but so is joy.”
― Richie Norton

“It all comes down to the first thing you think of when you wake up. That first image or idea before the filtering of conscious thought takes over, while you’re still in between. Whatever you think of, that’s the reason you get up in the first place. That’s the reason you get out of bed, into your clothes, into your shoes, and out the door.”
― Christina Collins, After Zero

“The distance that the dead have gone
Does not at first appear;
Their coming back seems possible
For many an ardent year.

And then, that we have followed them
We more than half suspect,
So intimate have we become
With their dear retrospect.”
― Emily Dickinson

“Life’s looking more beautiful now. I didn’t sleep the whole night, but it seems he has awakened me from an irrecoverable sleep.”
― Dhaval Rathod, Unleash That River

“I think I can show them the path out. I understand now that it’s not a question of faith or hope; it exists, and we can find it. It’s going to take some time, though.”
― Rachel Hartman, Tess of the Road

“When life gives you another chance, you don’t ask life questions like - why things turned out that way the previous time? Or why have you been so unfair? Instead, you gladly accept the opportunity and say ‘why not?”
― Dhaval Rathod, Unleash That River

“Your heart is the place that balances all of your character pieces, the essence of you. When you’re in alignment with your life’s story, peace is your reward. A type of peace that inspires, heals, and encourages”
― H.L. Balcomb, Cinderella In Focus: "Finding hope when you're feeling a sense of hopelessness!" pub date: Dec. 2018

“When we elevate our communication, we naturally elevate all outcomes of our life, starting with our own heart...our conversation with life itself.”
― H.L. Balcomb, Cinderella In Focus: "Finding hope when you're feeling a sense of hopelessness!" pub date: Dec. 2018

“Surrounded by the insanity of war, it's a special hope given knowing life can go on.”
― Pierce Brown, Morning Star

“There's hope for the broken, and this is true even if it's our own choices that broke us. Our hope, the very anchor of our souls, is standing on the porch. And His eyes are stretching out through time and space and they are singularly focused on you. On me.

Here's the deal--only Jesus gets to tell you who you are. Period. Any other voice is a lie from the pit of hell. When Jesus said, 'It is finished,' He wasn't kidding. Then and there, death and sin lost all legal claim over you.”
― Charles Martin, Long Way Gone

“When you're in doubt, glitter it out”
― Barbie

“When our hope is delayed, it is not cancelled.”
― Nicole DeLaittre

“Explore the eternity of your existence.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hope was mirage, and none trusted easily to it.”
― Laini Taylor, Days of Blood & Starlight

“We have all we need to come through. Against all odds, no matter what we've lost, no matter what messes we've made over time, no matter how dark the night, we offer and are offered kindness, soul, light, and food, which create breath and spaciousness, which create hope, sufficient unto the day.”
― Anne Lamott, Almost Everything: Notes on Hope

“Sometimes when we feel lost, the universe sends a little help. Something or someone to guide us on our path.” She chuckles, her eyes gleaming. “And that can come in the most unexpected form.”
― Christina Collins, After Zero

“Hope is the best name in the world, because it is the best quality of the human mind.”
“Is it?”
“For me, it is. It’s all I have.”
― Mark Beauregard, The Whale: A Love Story

“Beauty is you kept persuading but never pushed me into anything. Maybe that is why we kept connecting back and kept coming back!”
― Pragya Tiwari, Outlet from Loneliness

“I hear myself singing – We shall overcome, we shall overcome someday…”
― Pragya Tiwari, Outlet from Loneliness

“Don't just hope: Be, do, and live in the moment.”
― Akiroq Brost

“I’ve learned that the long-game is the shortcut.”
― Richie Norton

“Our hope is our offering to Him, our sacrifice. And in our hope, He is shaping us, molding us, drawing us to Him. We will now Him here, friend.”
― Katie Davis Majors, Daring to Hope: Finding God's Goodness in the Broken and the Beautiful

“She said, a little unkindly, 'We do not have time for your emotions or any heroics. I can only save one life today. I chose you. You have all your stories, and you're young still. Benno, you and I, we'll change the world. But you must trust me. Take this and do not let go...”
― Katherine Locke

“It is the man without vision who sees only an ending. Yet, it is the man of faith who sees an ending as the very place from which a thousand beginnings will be birthed.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Everything was not lost. This was the message we needed to carry forward. It’s what I truly believed. It wasn’t ideal, but it was our reality—the world as it is. We needed now to be resolute, to keep our feet pointed in the direction of progress.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“Don't give up on your faith just to please someone who has no faith at all;
That is like giving up a treasure to please someone who has none.”
― Gillian Duce

“Sometimes the hole of despair is just too deep. Hope cannot reach that low, or maybe a person cannot hold on to the edge of Hope from inside the crater of despair.”
― jamie west zumwalt, Beloved Chaos: moving from religion to Love in a red light district

“The best remedy for those who are frightened, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere they can be alone, alone with the sky, nature and God. For then and only then can you feel that everything is as it should be and that God wants people to be happy amid nature's beauty and simplicity.

As long as this exists, and that should be for ever, I know that there will be solace for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances. I firmly believe that nature can bring comfort to all who suffer.”
― Anne Frank, Anne Frank: The Diary of a Young Girl - Multiple Critical Perspectives

“(Excerpt from) Everlasting:

You can't touch hope
But you can feel her
Through the breath of angels
And in the faces of those with hope etched in their eyes
The ones that give you something to believe in once more

Remember to cherish hope’s rays and her warmth
As she rises through the fire
As a phoenix reborn
For hope springs eternal
Like the shape of the rising sun
And the pools of cascading gold
From heavens-high
As a new dawn wakes to come”
― Christine Evangelou, Beating Hearts and Butterflies: Poetry of Wounds, Wishes and Wisdom

“So what can we really do for each other except--just love each other and be each other's witness? And haven't we got the right to hope--for more? So that we can really stretch into whoever we really are?”
― James Baldwin, Another Country

“All your failures and hopes, your suffering and striving, are inconsequential, compared with this. They are nothing.
You are nothing.
It was a relief to be nothing; it felt deep and beautiful and true.”
― Rachel Hartman, Tess of the Road

“Above the dark town
After the sun's gone down
Two vapour trails cross the sky
Catching the day's last slow goodbye
Black skyline looks rich as velvet
Something is shining
Like gold but better
Rumours of glory...”
― Bruce Cockburn

“Belief was uniquely human.”
― Rachel Hartman, Tess of the Road

“Africa’s hopeful transformation lies in entrepreneurship”
― Nicky Verd

“Purgatory is hell with hope.”
― Philip José Farmer, To Your Scattered Bodies Go

“Drops of rain fall on my naked skin
They clean my spirit and awake my conscience
They cry with me in a cathartic release
They scream, they fight, they hurt, they heal

(Excerpted from Healed by rain, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“This is the perfect place for you, Henry. With the right support you could become the next Aparicio. Personally, I think everyone involved—you, me, the front office—should do everything possible to make sure you wind up wearing a St. Louis Cardinals cap.”

Henry reaches up and touched his brim. “I’m wearing one right now.”
― Chad Harbach, The Art of Fielding

“Nothing is possible without belief. You can't step into the potential of possibility without any faith. Believe that it is possible.”
― Akiroq Brost

“In life, there are bound to be difficult times. Don't lose hope. Keep trying.”
― Akiroq Brost

“...
My cosmic desires freeze in an apocalyptical healing
Of agonized thoughts, of betrayed hearts, of dancing daemons
Alleviate my nightmares and calm my deep thunders
...

(Excerpted from Healed by rain, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“Let the whole universe know,

What you are able to do!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“...
My soul sings loudly, forever changed by love
Crafting oceans of majestic pain
But releasing every storm from within
Feeling exhausted, but safe and blessed
...

(Excerpted from Healed by rain, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“I want to write about the Earth,
whose veil of light embraces tendrils
and gives us peace and joy

and hope for new beginnings…

(Excerpted from Underneath horizons, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“…
I’ll pray to God to give me strength and patience
I’ll feel no pain, no vengeance, no regrets
And I will learn to love again…myself, this time.
...

(Excerpted from My kind of resilience, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“I want to write about the Sea,
whose waves run smoothly in incitement
and carry joy, under the wings of freedom

(Excerpted from Underneath horizons, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“I want to write about the Sun,
whose rays of light caress the sea
and under his bliss, all the essence breathes

(Excerpted from Underneath horizons, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“I have just dine on a savory dish that I believe you will find delicious, and I am writing to commend it to you. I am calling it Hope.”
― Mark Beauregard, The Whale: A Love Story

“When your appetite is sharpened by persistent failure and frosty despair, a warm bowl of Hope is just the thing to set your mind and spirit right.”
― Mark Beauregard, The Whale: A Love Story

“…
I’ll celebrate the waltz of stars, in endless harmony
I’ll dream with my angels, in far away lands
And I will send love letters, to my future self
...

(Excerpted from My kind of resilience, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“I've asked myself again and again whether it wouldn't have been better if we hadn't gone into hiding, if we were dead now and didn't have to go through this misery, especially so that the others could be spared the burden. But we all shrink from this thought. We still love life, we haven't yet forgotten the voice of nature, and we keep hoping, hoping for... everything.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“...
I return to the beginning of time
Gathering fallen feathers of the angels’ wings
Delighted, I breathe the infinite sky
...

(Excerpted from Healed by rain, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“…
I’ll feel the magic, in the blissful daylight
I’ll listen to the cheerful songs of nature
And I will heal my soul, with joy and love
...

(Excerpted from My kind of resilience, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“…
I’ll take the sadness in my eyes and bury it into depths
I’ll withstand with courage, every shadow of my harmful past
And I will never lose again, just learn and win
...

(Excerpted from My kind of resilience, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“The posters…they’re still hanging up."

“I noticed.” Lance shrugged. “I thought about taking them down but…I can’t do that. It gives them hope, believing that maybe someday they’ll see their loved ones again.”
― Kayla Krantz, Acid Rain

“They’re both a little crazy , both a little messed up. But they’re choosing to be messed up together.”
― Kandi Steiner, The Wrong Game

“A rebel! How glorious the name sounds when applied to a woman. Oh, rebellious woman, to you the world looks in hope. Upon you has fallen the glorious task of bringing liberty to the earth and all the inhabitants thereof.”
― Matilda Joslyn Gage

“For I am bound with fleshly bands,
Joy, beauty, lie beyond my scope;
I strain my heart, I stretch my hands,
And catch at hope.”
― Christina Rossetti, Complete Poems

“He could leave. I could leave. We could both end up heartbroken, sitting on the floor of our souls and trying to piece together our lives again. But, we could also find forever. We could take the next steps together—toward a year, five, or maybe, forever. And that was a game worth playing.”
― Kandi Steiner, The Wrong Game

“Your conversations help create your world. Speak of delight, not dissatisfaction. Speak of hope, not despair. Let your words bind up wounds, not cause them.”
― Tao Te Ching

“If my fondest desires do not exceed my greatest abilities, it may be that what I’ve desired is not to desire.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“She was like a Rubik's Cube in a blind man's hand - impossible to figure out. And yet I was the blind man determined to try.”
― Kandi Steiner, The Wrong Game

“It was little more than a weak flame flickering under the weight of his melancholia, but it was there. A splinter of possibility. Maybe he didn't want to die.
Maybe, just maybe, he wanted to live.
It didn't burn away his sadness. It didn't make his future appear any less dark.
But it was there—hope, perhaps, or something like it—and it was enough.”
― Traci Chee, The Speaker

“It is possible to have a thousand problems and still not have a single valid reason to kill yourself.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“We were in it together, no matter what was to come, and we would fight for the win. For each other. Until the last whistle blew.”
― Kandi Steiner, The Wrong Game

“No, I don't think poems will save us. And yet, and yet”
― Sarah Kay

“If the God Who crafted each of those
twinkling stars cared for him like the Bible promised, everything
would work out. He’d just have to have faith. - Brandon”
― sara Turnquist - A convenient Risk

“A journey of life ends when the hope collapses.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Cancer is never a lethal disease
If your strength of mind wants it to freeze
Death will arrive, but it loves to wait
When living in hope is never too late”
― Munia Khan

“You may know that the peony is Jeannin's, the hollyhock belongs to Quost, but the sunflower is mine in a way.”
― Van Gogh

“You may know that the peony is Jeannin's, the hollyhock belongs to Quost, but the sunflower is mine in a way.”
― Vincent van Gogh

“But there is no light at the end of the tunnel to see.
I think there is no hope left for me.
I wonder how many miles I have to walk through.
And if there is a miracle coming to hit me somewhere out of the blue …”
― Samiha Totanji

“You will find that joy, love, and hope are the strongest, most elevating emotions in our Universe. Discover for yourself how they can anchor the spirit, open your heart and bring to you.... endless possibilities.”
― Andrew Pacholyk, Lead Us To A Place: Your Spiritual Journey Through Life's Seasons

“Hold on, keep trying, don't give up even when you think you can't.”
― Akiroq Brost

“I wear a pair of wings
Full of flaws and imperfections
But they are still beautiful enough to spread them and fly
Feeling so perfectly unflawed …”
― Samiha Totanji

“He says that hope is a very, very fragile thing and that when you steal it from someone, it can be like stealing their soul. He's convinced that taking away hope is much worse than giving someone the truth, and that those were the alternatives he was forced to choose between.”
― Cristina Henriquez, The World in Half

“Hope didn't wait to be attacked. Hope was a suicidal creature.”
― Angela Panayotopulos, The Wake Up

“Hey boy! Regardless of what they do, always remember that your hero is in you and there will always be tomorrow.”
― Abayomi Kayode Patrick

“My poetry is a journey in the depth of my heart, in the abyss of my conscious, underneath this realm and transcending horizons.
Is who I was, who I am and who I had become.”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“The two crucial points about ‘Happiness’ are to be satisfied and thankful. Once you grasp these two mindsets, no matter how small and pathetic your life may be, it will look perfect in your eyes.”
― Mouna Saadallah, Because I was born as a Military Child

“I hope you'll erase all of your soul's mournful songs
and allow me enhance your spirit in a delightful flight of chimeras.

(fragment "I hope", chapter Hope)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“Faith is embracing the invisible simply because the invisible is the precursor to everything that is visible. Therefore, to lack faith is to lack everything.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I chose to...
Live and make this living worth it
Pray with angels and receive their blessing
…
Enjoy the beauty of this mesmerizing world
Feel the bliss with every passing morning
…
Hear the calling of my inner beauty
Sway in tears of joy and embrace the flight
…

(Excerpted from Mindfulness,”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“I chose to...

Float in contentment and forgive all the deep pains
Accept the shadows of my queer past
…
Encounter faith and that magic love from within
Enrich my spirit with graceful emotions of who I am
…
Listen to the essence of life and collect its charm
Cultivate the fascinating practice of spiritual well-being

(Excerpted from Mindfulness, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“I chose to...

Explore the senses of this delightful universe
Breathe the sensations of my body with every move
Abandon myself in flow and feel compassion
Become aware of my existence
and thank Lord for His blessings on me…

(Excerpted from Mindfulness, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“A glimmer of hope, even a small one lingering tantalizingly far in the future, can help you face the trials in between.”
― AAAA

“It's never foolish to have a dream. Even if it never comes to be. It can give you the hope you need to keep going”
― Laila Ibrahim, Paper Wife

“Maybe. Maybe there was a way. And then things could be so good.
My brain was a hope-making machine.”
― Ransom Riggs, A Map of Days

“there would always be flashes of beauty even in the midst of pain”
― Laila Ibrahim, Paper Wife

“Hope dies to ten thousand small cuts.”
― Steven Erikson, Fall of Light

“I hope I never hold anyone down; I hope I never cut someone's wings. I hope I never take anyone's freedom; I hope I never cover someone's eyes and ears. I hope that I never keep anyone from having their true love; I hope that I never cage someone's heart. I hope to be the wind and the air; the window and the song; the field in which love may roam, run and then bury itself.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I didn't realize then that women like her walked on roads of embers. Their life was an endless wait for the husband kidnapped by the police, the missing brother, the son who had been imprisoned. Women who could not sleep because of the fire in their chest. Ali's mother was one of those women, battered by fate.”
― Benyamin, Jasmine Days

“Going with the flow of life is like catching a train at the station. You need to be at the right station at the right time and board the right train to get you where you need to be. If you go earlier than you’re supposed to, you can catch the wrong train. You don’t want to do that because it will just take you further away from me than you feel you already are. You need to go through the growing pains of grief so that you and I can fulfill our destiny and be in the right place at the right time to be reunited again.”
― Kate McGahan, Only Gone From Your Sight: Jack McAfghan's Little Guide to Pet Loss and Grief

“Shall we do without hope? Some days
there will be none. But now
to the dry and dead woods floor
they come again, the first
flowers of the year, the assembly
of the faithful, the beautiful,
wholly given to being.”
― Wendell Berry, Leavings

“Hope isn’t for the weary. It’s for the brave.”
― Saim .A. Cheeda

“We can depend on the assurance that God cares about us and is always with us.”
― Melanie Dickerson, The Orphan's Wish

“I will always look for what my eyes cain’t see.”
― Jessica Marie Baumgartner, Fantastic Tales of Terror: History's Darkest Secrets

“Our sole hope, our sole confidence, our
only assured promise, is your mercy.”
― Augustine of Hippo, Confessions/Enchiridion

“عندما يكون الخوف داخل الإرادة تعمى الحياة لفرط إرتعاش اناملها ، و عندما يكون الخوف خارج بوتقة الإرادة يغشى الحياة نور الإدراك فياحبذا خوف و إرادة على خط سواء نظرُُ سليم و حياة كريمة.”
― Marwa Zaghdoud

“If I am privileged enough to see an upturn, I want to return here with my spirit mended; smiling at the most marvelous of scripts ever written.”
― Saim .A. Cheeda

“Music melts the soul misery.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I hoped for one of my people to do this. But maybe if you can, it will bond you to the land and you’ll be able to rid the white man of his crimes.”
― Jessica Marie Baumgartner, Fantastic Tales of Terror: History's Darkest Secrets

“Be idealistic about the future, be realistic about the present, and never forget the lessons of the past.”
― Dean F. Wilson

“I welcome injustice, because injustice gives me something to strive for. We need the darkness, for it allows the light to shine. God’s greatest gift to mankind is Satan, because evil gives us something to strive against.”
― Jan Golembiewski, Magic

“Why worry? Why bothering yourself about life challenges? Some of the problems you're facing can be solved in a tinkle of an eye if you follow the right path and you hold on strongly to your believe.”
― Abayomi Kayode Patrick

“It's just that I don't hope any more, I've lost my nerve.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Green Knight

“We truly believed in something back then, and we knew we were the kind of people capable of believing in something –with all our hearts. And that kind of hope will never simply vanish.”
― Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage

“Be the choice maker of your feelings, if you're lost in your emotions just follow your heart.”
― Marco Rathmann

“The first step in achieving anything is the belief that you can.”
― Akiroq Brost

“Keep digging and you'll always discover a new low.”
― Matthew Sturges, Fables: The Wolf Among Us, Volume 1

“Never give up hope, where there is light there is always a way back”
― Maria Koszler

“Never give up on hope
Where there is light there is always a way back”
― Maria Koszler

“Hope is not something that you conjure up in your own mind. Hope is an inspiration you get from the people you are around. Hope has to be shown and seen. Hope is something that is developed, that’s learned. You must see the opportunity for hope.”
― Ravenell Williams, IV

“Sometimes, hope is all we have. Hope and trust.", FADE by Kailin Gow”
― Kailin Gow, Fever

“We get past things. We keep going. That’s what people do, Celes. As long as they keep doing that, there’s always hope for the future.”, FADE by Kailin Gow”
― Kailin Gow, Fever

“Don't lose faith in humanity. There are good people out there. You have the power to make a difference.”
― Akiroq Brost

“Vzdát se je jednoduché. Mohu to udělat kdykoli. Tak proč bych se měl vzdávat právě teď?”
― Zuzana Strachotová, Devět dní

“Hope is something that is built from small parts. Perceived actions. Observed effects. Imperfect understanding. Uncertain knowledge. Acknowledged fears. The things each of us projects and says and does in the physical world. Hope then is made up of tiny bits and pieces of us. All of us, together.”
― David Amerland

“Do you know what hurts so very much? It's love. Love is the strongest force in the world, and when it is blocked that means pain. There are two things we can do when this happens. We can kill that love so that it stops hurting. But then of course part of us dies, too. Or we can ask God to open up another route for that love to travel.'
I did not know, as I listened to my father's footsteps winding back down the stairs, that he had given me more than the key to this hard moment. I did not know that he had put in my had the secret that would open far darker rooms that this--places where there was not, on a human level, anything to love at all.”
― Corrie ten Boom, The Hiding Place

“One fine day, someone will help you find, what you have lost inside of you awhile ago.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Though darkness now surrounds me,
And I cannot see the light,
I will trust the purpose I cannot see,
I’ll not surrender to the night.”
― Savannah Jane McCrary, The Invisible Guide

“But when my other untalented friends and I got together with some instruments it was like our world opened up. It was like zero and zero got together and made infinity.”
― Inio Asano, Solanin

“The breath of life is the brevity to live.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Only hope can keep a man alive in times of hardship.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Godly wisdom guide's a man to walk on the good path.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I laid my palm on the second square – the woman in the field and the slaves flying in the air over her head. All that hope in the wind.”
― Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings

“When it comes to what God’s doing in our lives, sometimes knowing everything kills everything. And if I kill everything, then knowing everything doesn’t matter.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I might not believe in the possibilities, but that in no way diminishes the realities of the opportunities.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“They say in extreme moments time will slow, returning to its unmoving core, and standing there, it seemed as if everything stopped. Within the stillness, I felt the old, irrepressible ache to know what my point in the world might be. I felt the longing more solemnly than anything I’d ever felt, even more than my old innate loneliness. What came to me was the fleur de lis button in the box and the lost girl who’d put it there, how I’d twice carried it from Charleston to Philadelphia and back, carried it like a sad, decaying hope.”
― Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings

“Hope is a burden I'm not sure I can bare anymore.”
― Jessica Marie Baumgartner

“Prayer paves the path for progress.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The only thing you cannot survive is death.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“With hope you can strive in any hardship.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Once in a while you come across someone who will make your life special again.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Faith is the finest life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Let's help the less fortunate
Concrete allowed the rose to grow
Which goes to show
Even the hardest of heads
Whose ways and beliefs are set in stone
Can spontaneously surprise
Uplift and give us hope
Expand your consciousness, it's long overdue
I know you're strong in your views
Probably because you've gone through abuse
Sincerely sorry for you
But trials and tribulations
Teach enough to allow reaching a truce”
― Andrew Edward Lucier, Awakenigma Allegory Anomalous

“Trust in yourself. Have faith in yourself. Have hope. Be open to possibilities.”
― Akiroq Brost

“I believe in miracles because I am surrounded by miracles every day. My very existence is a miracle.”
― Akiroq Brost

“I stared at the trunks of books on the library floor, remembering the pangs I’d once had for a profession, for some purpose. The world had been such a beckoning place once.”
― Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings

“Jesus...Author of my Life 2nd Edition is heightened with healing from the weakest point of view and placing...”
― Stellah Mupanduki, Three In One Healing Book

“I have seen so many girls in my life, but she is a woman. Hope to meet her soon.”
― Vidushi Gupta, The Unending Maze: Because Finding Your Way Out Has Never Been More Difficult

“I dream of the
summers we kissed,
winters we missed,
spring that blossomed,
withering of the autumn,
with hope in my heart,
I dream of getting you back.”
― Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel

“Pessimism is not part of my nature. Rather, it’s part of what happens to me when I reject God’s nature.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“مهما تقلبت الامور امامك، اذا استمريت بأن تتفاعل مع كل شيئ تسمعه بإسلوب مشجون بالعاطفة فستتألم كل مرة. لأن القوة الحقيقة بكل مجلس هو ان تتمعن بكل شيء من نظرة منطقية، وان تضبط نفسك مهما حدث او قيل امامك.... لانه اذا كانت كلمات الاخرين تسيطر عليك فهذا يعني ان الاخرين يسيطرون عليك.... تمهل بكل شيء فالوقت حليفك ودواء لكل داء.....”
― Husam Wafaei, Honourable Defection

“Él soltó una carcajada y, en ella, escuché el sonido de la dicha. Escuché pies bailando, el susurro de faldas en movimiento, la risa de los niños.
¿Fue ésta la primera señal del amor?
En la persona a la que estás destinada a amar escuchas el sonido de los que aún no han nacido.”
― Alyson Richman, Los amantes de Praga

“This is written in the night. In war the dark is on nobody's side, in love the dark confirms that we are together.”
― John Berger, Hold Everything Dear: Dispatches on Survival and Resistance

“Peace will only ever be obtained when we realize that our neighbor is really us in a different guise.”
― Gillian Duce

“For all the alcoholics and addicts out there, you are loved, stopped being so stubborn and come in from the cold. Wherever you are, there is a brighter light in your sight. Move towards it every day, and keep moving towards it. Even the worst and strongest addiction is a choice—a choice not to fight, to give up, to indulge the impulse, or instead to accept the hands offered you to help, even from strangers, even from the state. Don’t hate those who gave up on you, it wasn’t their fault, you just wore them down. Show them they were wrong about you. Your troubles are meant to mold you into something better, not destroy you, so FIGHT! Another day comes for the better if you’re standing in the right spot for it to hit you. Find the right spot and stay there until it does.”
― Dave Pryor

“Dad would call it my Sisyphus toll. Push a boulder up a hill, pretending it’s okay, and come nightfall it - and I - come crashing down. But he forgets the view each time I make it to the top.”
― Marieke Nijkamp, Unbroken: 13 Stories Starring Disabled Teens

“Paradise is not something that we create. Rather, it is something that we find.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The most surprising and original part of [Lucien Goldmann's] work is, however, the attempt to compare—without assimilating one to another—religious faith and Marxist faith: both have in common the refusal of pure individualism (rationalist or empiricist) and the belief in trans-individual values—God for religion, the human community for socialism. In both cases the faith is based on a wager—the Pascalian wager on the existence of God and the Marxist wager on the liberation of humanity—that presupposes risk, the danger of failure and the hope of success.”
― Michael Löwy, The War of Gods: Religion and Politics in Latin America

“I do my best to put blinders one, but it's impossible to ignore what is happening around me.”
― Dave Cenker, Second Chance

“If You Have The Chance, Take A Step,
If You Have The Opportunity, Build Your Dream,
If You Have The Mind, Take Every Risk,
If You Have The Spirit, Hold Your Faith,
If You Have The Time, Prove Your Love,
If You Have The Strength, Walk Alone,
If You Have The Guts, Show Your Result;

Truly, The Only Time We Have Is Now..”
― Ekeh Joe Obinna

“Why Christmas?” we ask ourselves. It’s because whatever’s staring back at us in the mirror is the very same thing that’s emblazoned across God’s heart.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The Sun always rises. Unless, you're on a space station, I guess...”
― Amie Kaufman

“What if I were not to die! What if life were given back to me-what infinity! And it would all be mine! Then I'd turn each minute into a whole age, I'd lose nothing, I'd reckon up every minute separately, I'd let nothing be wasted! He said that in the end this thought turned into such anger in him that he wished they would hurry up and shoot him”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky

“Real life can never have a written lie all over it.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“It’s not about believing in something. Rather, it’s about what I believe in. And too often what I believe in is that there’s nothing to believe in.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I wanted to hold everything in place with my thin little arm and my weak spirit. I wanted to do what I could with my unreliable body to try and deal with all the many scary things that were going to start happening to us from now on. I wanted to try.”
― Banana Yoshimoto, Asleep

“Hoping is not dreaming. It is not spinning an illusion or fantasy to protect us from our boredom or our pain...it is imagination put in the harness of faith.”
― -Eugene Peterson

“You are not for any reason less than whom God created you to be, don't live like a dwarf where you are seen as a giant.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“If ingenuity is an indicator of how much we love someone, then the story of Christmas is about as ingenious as you can get.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Christmas is God’s way of saying that we’re great, just not in the arrogant way that we think we are.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Christmas and hope are bound inseparable. But because we can’t separate ourselves from our need to deny such a truth, we’ve bound ourselves to live without hope.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“With hope in our heart, we shall forever be happy.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Milton had a day to day outlook; if life were not at any given moment positively unbearable, that is to say, if he were not actually cold, nor without a drink, nor alone, he still maintained a vivid faith in the future.”
― Mary McMinnies, The Flying Fox: A Novel Set During the Twilight of British Rule in Malaya

“Without the mercy of God, how could we have a merry heart?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We all have a dream for what this life could be like. Christmas is God handing us everything that we need to make that dream a reality. The issue is, are we willing to take up ‘everything’ or let our dreams fall to ‘nothing.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“We all have a dream for what this life could be like. Christmas is God handing us everything that we need to make that dream a reality. The issue is, are we willing to take up that ‘everything’ or let our dreams fall to ‘nothing.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Your sorrow is your sorrow.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Believe in God that is the only brevity of life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“All men faces troubles.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“In the silient of his heart, he knows his sufferings.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Faith is faithfulness”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Is there anything like faith?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Compassion removes the walls of mistrust and builds bridges of hope, trust and beliefs.”
― Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion

“It is not a matter of being broken, even though I am in fact quite shattered. It is understanding that my capacity to be fixed always exceeds the extent to which I’m broken.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“No dreaming may stand still, for this bodes no good. But if it becomes a dreaming ahead, then its cause appears quite differently and excitingly alive. The dim and weakening features, which may be characteristic of mere yearning, disappears; and then yearning can show what it really is able to accomplish.”
― Ernst Bloch, On Karl Marx

“We are so much more than just our physical selves.”
― Akiroq Brost

“Being thankful reminds us that if it’s broken it’s an opportunity.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The sky was dark and cold as she longed for the one man who could chase away the demons of the night.”
― Grace Willows, Legend of the Crescent Moon

“A good wife behaves like a disciple unto her husband”
― Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal

“Love came to me as the touching waves, kissing my feet but never to stay, I wondered it's existence until I got absorbed into it.”
― Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel

“By nature we are creatures of hope, always ready to be deceived again, caught by the marvel that might be wrapped in the grubbiest brown paper parcel.”
― J.L. Carr, A Month in the Country

“Keep your hopes up high maintaining the positivity in you. If you think you are worth it, then go and get it. Prove it to yourself. Everybody else did it and So can you.Tell yourself, you CAN and so you will!" - KacyC”
― Kacy Chohan

“Lover is a mere companion, love is eternal.”
― Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel

“Gavin is just a kid. He hasn't figured out yet how cruel life can be. How it can take everything from you, dig in its sharp teeth and not let go. He still has hope. I can't tarnish that.”
― Derek Milman, Scream All Night

“Hope is a terrible thing, it brings fear that the hope won’t be realized. Suppress the fear and it surfaces as symbol.”
― James Tiptree Jr., Her Smoke Rose Up Forever

“The longer I’ve walked with God the more I’ve realized that being thankful is vigorously celebrating what’s right in the world while anticipating that what’s wrong with it will soon follow suit.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Everyone is born an artist. What differentiates us are the variations of creativity.”
― Bill Madden

“Don’t be afraid of exploring your capabilities, of seeking adventures, of searching for answers, of pushing the envelope, of finding gaps between the fences. Don’t, be, afraid... Period. Life is too short to be a wimp.”
― Kakali Bandyopadhyay

“Faith is hope with assurance.”
― Wyatt Allen

“But it was time for Monday morning. The great arbiter of fresh starts and calendars stretching for days on end. Office workers in Park Avenue corner offices and pattern makers in Garment District walk-ups were drunk with the possibility of a whole week set before them like a new school year to a class full of wide-eyed kindergarteners. The idea that there was so much time to make things happen.”
― Susie Orman Schnall, The Subway Girls

“When talk about HOPE...I want to be a beacon of hope to my family, but i really need to save just a little for myself, to do so, i need to triple up my effort.. (Ejump, 2017)”
― Ejump Schiffler

“We look at the coming of a new beginning like we look at the coming of babies we never considered aborting. Hopeful.”
― Darnell Lamont Walker

“One of the most dangerous things in life is a sickened person that has lost all hope for the future.”
― Steven Magee

“The Other Side: The other side always seemed so far away. We had hope, but, like the acolyte who had to reassemble herself before dawn, we were unsure if we could do what was being asked.”
― Helen S. Rosenau, The Messy Joys of Being Human: A Guide to Risking Change and Becoming Happier

“A positive attitude is more important than skills.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Some would say that paradise is the escapist ‘fiction’ of hapless minds caught up in the denial of a darkening world. But Christmas would say that the ‘paradise’ of escapist fiction has not a single shred of fiction in it at all.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“كيف ليَ أن أكتب قصيدة تخدش وجه العالم

وتدير دفّة القمر؟”
― Malak El Halabi

“Hope follows on the heels of Faith. And the white-winged goddess—which is Hope—did not leave her, but prompted her to many little surreptitious acts of preparation in the event of the miracle coming to pass.”
― Kate Chopin, The Awakening and Selected Short Fiction

“But by now anything was better than hope.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Sea, The Sea

“Like a painting; you are art and I hope I can be a piece of it.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“As I’d found time and again throughout my life—and would continue to find—you do what you can, say your prayers, and hope for the best.”
― Dick Van Dyke, My Lucky Life in and Out of Show Business

“Dreams are their own knife, Kaylin. Dreams, what-ifs, desires. We all have to have hope.”
― Michelle Sagara, Cast in Secret

“Spending time with God will fill vacant places in our lives.”
― Adria Wilkins, Heart Renovation: A Construction Guide to Godly Character

“Give your Bain Vitamin H
Hope is te most powerful supplement available to us, and thankfully, we can make hope for ourselves any time just by changing our thoughts and attitudes.”
― Ilchi Lee, I've Decided to Live 120 Years: The Ancient Secret to Longevity, Vitality, and Life Transformation

“Others words can only affect us if we give them worth with our reaction.
By remembering that it's usually the ones who are hurting, that hurt others.
We are all searching in the darkness,
Holding out our hand ready to hold each other again...When we learn to forgive.”
― Mimi Novic, Your Light Is The Key

“The Evangelium has not abrogated legends; it has hallowed them, especially the 'happy ending'. The Christian has still to work, with mind as well as body, to suffer, hope, and die; but he may now perceive that all his bents and faculties have a purpose, which can be redeemed. So great is the bounty with which he has been treated that he may now, perhaps, fairly dare to guess that in Fantasy he may actually assist in the effoliation and multiple enrichment of creation.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Monsters and the Critics and Other Essays

“If you feel something consistently it’s because you’ve fed it continually. THINK!”
― Adedayo Olabamiji

“She was twisted with a crazy anxiety, mixed with a crazy hope.”
― Simone St. James, The Broken Girls

“People don't need hope to be happy; they need something to do.”
― Marty Rubin

“Don't give up, don't loose hope, don't settle for less and keep finding answers. Better days ahead. Get out of those mess! Get those things out of your head!”
― Adedayo Olabamiji

“Reading gives us information; writing exercises our emotions.”
― Nellotie Porter Chastain, Persimmon Capital Murders

“Every man in the town set to work at once to repair the damage and no one had time to think of the meaning of the victory of the bridge, but going about his affairs in that ill-fated town in which the waters had destroyed or at least damaged everything, he knew that there was something in his life that overcame every disaster and that the bridge, because of the strange harmony of its forms and the strong and invisible power of its foundations, would emerge from every test unchanged and imperishable.”
― Ivo Andrić, The Bridge on the Drina

“How is everything, Nadia," he said.
"It's hot." I replied, smiling a little bit.
"Never forget," Nasser said, teasing me.
"It's very hot, Nasser, it's very hot.”
― Nadia Murad, The Last Girl: My Story of Captivity, and My Fight Against the Islamic State

“Every Storm Falters. Every Sun Breaks.”
― Saim .A. Cheeda

“Le bonheur arrive quand on s`y attend le moins.”
― Anonymous

“Different emotions of Love are Believe, Trust, Like, Interest, Feels, Favorite, Thought, care, Blessing, Happiness, Response, Respect, Honest, Kindness, Hope, Forgiveness, Dreams, Pray, Helpful, knowledge, Imagination, Fear, Concentration, Freedom, Understand, Enjoy etc”
― Jagannath Hembram

“[The cross] is a way of life that we live out. It is a practice that involves risk. It is a story that, if truly told, courts danger but moves also into hopeful solidarity, the solidarity of those who are moved by the pain of God in the midst of this world, or by the pain of the world in the midst of God.”
― Vitor Westhelle, The Scandalous God: The Use and Abuse of the Cross

“Cemeteries are full of bodies that despair has enslaved.”
― Daniel Kemp

“Shannon thought about all the childhood diseases that had been eradicated, but what good did it do? A child's life could still be wiped away in an instant. Why did modern people presume that they would die only in old age? Previous generations hadn't made such a presumption. She also thought about the opportunities of motherhood that were now lost to her. She wished she had said and done more to confirm Marzieh's positive sense of self. She wondered if Marzieh understood how much her mother loved her.
On the fifth day things began to improve. Hope was a tiny red fish wiggling through a wide, black, slow-moving river under a dark sky. Shannon leaned over the bow of an old, splintered rowboat adrift in the water in order to greet it.”
― Gwen Chavarria, Residuals Squared: A Speculative Fiction

“Every day magic and beauty awaits us
When we look with the eyes of Love”
― Mimi Novic, Guidebook to Your Heart

“I’d much rather have all of this be the ‘pigment’ of my imagination rather than a ‘figment,’ for at least it would all have some color.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“As theologians, we must say more than we can be in the hope that others will make us more than we are. What is crucial is that we not write to justify the limits of our lives.”
― Stanley Hauerwas, Hannah's Child: A Theologian's Memoir

“It would take me a few weeks outside that cycle of conflicts to realize that I am destined to be centerless, one lone flaming planet outside of a livable orbit. Opportunistically, I should like to present my definition of destiny: It is what I should have avoided but I dared not. It is what I wanted to embrace even when I saw in it my death. It is the seductive angels of fire and the celebrating djinns. It is what I must break ties with and commit apostasy.”
― Marwan Hisham, Brothers of the Gun: A Memoir of the Syrian War

“Hope is not some flimsy belief that things might somehow work out. Rather, hope is a belief in a God who’s already worked it out.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“He who wishes for anything but Christ, does not know what he wishes; he who asks for anything but Christ, does not know what he is asking; he who works, and not for Christ, does not know what he is doing.”
― Philp Neri

“Imbuing life with some element of magic gave him hope. Hope that there was a reason for all things. Hope that the future was even now learning from the mistakes of the past.”
― R.J. Ellory, Bad Signs

“She knew at times like this she was an anchor for him, a reminder that there was light and life in between the darkness and drying.”
― R.J. Ellory, Bad Signs

“For some reason Eldorado now seemed analogous to something – something better, a change for the good, a little place of hope. Maybe nothing would be different. Maybe Eldorado would be just one more kind of disappointment, but it was a purpose and it was a goal and it was a destination. It was a reason to keep moving.”
― R.J. Ellory, Bad Signs

“No poet ever wrote a poem to dishonor life, to compromise high ideals, to scorn religious views, to demean hope or gratitude, to argue against tenderness, to place rancor before love, or to praise littleness of soul. Not one. Not ever.”
― Mary Oliver, Rules for the Dance: A Handbook for Writing and Reading Metrical Verse

“That ole devil, he's always tryin' to mess up our lives, make us quit hopin.' But he's the biggest liar they is, that's what the good book says.”
― Marilyn Turk, Revealing Light

“Hope persists, and its voice is compassion, and honest doubt.”
― Steven Erikson, Midnight Tides

“It’s very difficult to appreciate when you’re doing it all the time in the business. The laughter means so much to people. I suppose at all times, but especially these days. It seems that life is more difficult. It has been for me, and God knows for Gilda. But I think for everyone, they’re looking for a little relief. I used to think, ‘Sure, to get relief, they get a laugh.’ But I didn’t know the laugh meant that much. Sometimes it’s the difference between going to sleep at night depressed and worried about how you’re going to make it; and going through with a little confidence that it will be okay, it will be okay. Cause laughing is good for you. It’s good for the liver. It’s for the soul. It’s good for your whole emotional equipment.”
― Gene Wilder

“I will be waiting for you at the end of every blind alley, under the lonely streetlamps of a city that will no longer be ours.
When the wind grows colder and the huge piles of settled leaves sit there for a week or two, unshielded from the curious gaze of passersby, I will be waiting for you.
I will be waiting for what could have been and for what will never be;
For the letters that never arrived, the letters that were never sent, and the letters that will never be written.”
― Malak El Halabi

“This is the shadow of hope. Knowing that we may never see the realization of our dreams, and yet still showing up.”
― Austin Channing Brown, I'm Still Here: Black Dignity in a World Made for Whiteness

“Yet what is expectation but a kind of folly, and what is that folly but an excess of hope?”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Vicomte de Bragelonne

“A hug is hope in disguise.”
― Lynda Cheldelin Fell

“More terrible, to see how feline Fate will sometimes dally with a human soul, and by a nameless magic make it repulse a sane despair with a hope which is but mad. Unwittingly I imp this cat-like thing, sporting with the heart of him who reads; for if he feel not he reads in vain.”
― Herman Melville, The Piazza Tales

“Just when it seems as if trouble is set to destroy your hope, future, or family, God's resurrection power can help you rise above it all.”
― Linda Evans Shepherd, Stress Cure: Praying Your Way to Personal Peace

“You'll get, with faith and hope what you think can be yours.”
― Jaspreet Kaur

“فردا ، تا زمانی که فرداست ، شکل امروز نیست ، و تو آن فردای هنوز نیامده را بنویس نه فردایی را که امروز شده و رنگ و بوی امروز گرفته”
― Nader Ebrahimi, فردا شکل امروز نیست

“فردایی بنویس که شکل امروز نباشد”
― Nader Ebrahimi, فردا شکل امروز نیست

“Rachel: Do people like you ever have wishes, Jonathan?

Jonathan: What does that mean? People like me?

Rachel: People who have everything. Was there ever something you wanted but could only wish for, Jonathan? Something for the future. That you want, but don’t think you’ll get.

Jonathan: Yes, I—

Rachel: Don’t tell me. That’ll ruin it.

Jonathan: What do you mean by “wish” then, Rachel?

Rachel: Like, hope you get something you know is impossible, but hope anyway.

Jonathan: I wish I could be with you like a normal person.

Rachel: What’s normal to someone like you?

….

Rachel: “Do you wish for things you can’t buy?”

Jonathan: “You’re fascinated with money,”

Rachel: “I think I am. It’s made you different, you know. You’re fearless. It’s exciting, kind of. Watching you is like watching someone who’s really, truly free.”

Jonathan: “What do you wish for? Besides money.”

Rachel: “Free, Jonathan. I wish to be free.”
― C.D. Reiss, Rachel

“In our darkest hours in when we must look up to our Highest Almighty God. He is calling for you to be your best self now. Nothing is holding you back. Go for it!”
― Theresa Sky, The Story of a Secret: Giftholders

“Make-strong old dreams lest this our world lose heart”
― Ezra Pound

“So many things we ask for, hope for, prayers put out into the world so wide: there was no way they could all be answered. But you had to keep asking. If you didn't, nothing even had a chance of coming true.”
― Sarah Dessen, Once and for All

“The first World War had finally come to a close and it all seemed like springtime. I've learned since that it is in those moments, when one is lulled into hopefulness, that the sword drops onto one's head.”
― Chantel Acevedo, The Distant Marvels

“دگرگونی با باور دگرگونی آغاز می شود و فردا با پذیرفتن فردا”
― Nader Ebrahimi, فردا شکل امروز نیست

“Your importance can't be measured by the normal things that many others achieved in their lives diplomas, job money... but by the things they cannot , all the impossible dreams and hard getting goals which often called the crazy thoughts can create the true meaning of importance insanity always lead to miracles.”
― Marwa Zaghdoud

“فردا فرداست نه امروز . فردا ، شکل امروز نیست . چرا اندیشه ی بلند پرواز خود را به کار نمی بری ؟ چرا به دوردست های نیامده نمی روی ؟ ( فردا ) را به شکل ( فردا ) نمی بینی و نمی نویسی ؟ ( فردا ) را ، ای یاد گیرنده جوان ، ( امروز ) نباید نوشت ، پس از این ، هیچ یاد گیرنده ای هم نخواهد نوشت”
― Nader Ebrahimi, فردا شکل امروز نیست

“اگر تو فردا را به درستی ندانی ، سوگند به آسمان که هیچ چیز را نمی دانی ، اگر تو فردا را ننویسی ، هیچ چیز ننوشته یی ، اگر تو فردا را چون نسیم شیرینی که گهگاه می وزد نبویی ، هیچ چیز را نبوییده یی ، و اگر تو فردا را با ژرف ترین باورها باور نکنی ، هیچ چیز را باور نکرده یی ... سوگند می خورم ، هزار بار سوگند می خورم که تو اگر گمان کنی که هر فردایی شکل هر امروزی ست ، زندگی را به اهرمن سپرده یی و گریخته یی”
― Nader Ebrahimi, فردا شکل امروز نیست

“Our dreams are never realized and as soon as we see them betrayed we realize that the intensest joys of our life have nothing to do with reality. No sooner do we see them betrayed than we are consumed with regret for the time when they glowed within us. And in this succession of hopes and regrets our life slips by.”
― Natalia Ginzburg, The Little Virtues

“If your love had a song what would it be? Could you soul continuously thrive without its rhythm?”
― Monica Chrisandtras Hines

“If your love had a song what would it be? Could your soul continuously thrive without its rhythm?”
― Monica Chrisandtras Hines

“Damals auf dem Rückweg in mein Tal war ich mir noch nicht klar darüber, dass mein früheres Leben ein jähes Ende gefunden hatte, das heißt, ich wußte es wohl schon, aber nur mit dem Kopf, und also glaubte ich nicht daran.”
― Marlen Haushofer, The Wall

“Love' when everything seems hopeless, Smile when you're feeling discouraged, Give even if it means being fearless and Hope in all things God has created- Be beautiful”
― Monica Chrisandtras Hines

“I keep planting my smile in the rich soil of your sadness, hoping one day love will bloom from your thoroughly saturated heart.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Let your tears fall on the seeds of sorrow for tomorrow love shall bloom.”
― todd crawshaw

“Hope is born out of an active response to what is offered.”
― Ron Gallagher, Right Side Up Thinking in an Upside Down World

“I AM NOT QUILTY!---and I AM NOT GOING TO PLEAD GUILTY---WHEN I DID NOT DO IT!!!”
― Richard Lee Futrill Jr.

“Marry hope, divorce tension!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“We’ve got to hope that somehow it’s all going to come together,” Paul Crump, a herpetologist from the Houston Zoo who was directing the stalled waterfall project, told me. “We’ve got to hope that something will happen, and we’ll be able to piece it all together, and it will all be as it once was, which now that I say it out loud sounds kind of stupid.”
― Elizabeth Kolbert, The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History

“All the city was playing with this sound out there in the blue summer dark, throwing it up and calling it back, promising that, in a little while, life would be beautiful as a story, promising happiness – and by that promise giving it. It gave love hope in its own survival. It could do no more.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned

“So instead of giving in to despair I chose active melancholy, in so far as I was capable of activity, in other words I chose the kind of melancholy that hopes, that strives and that seeks, in preference to the melancholy that despairs numbly and in distress.”
― Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh

“We cry from pain, from loss, and from loneliness, but mostly we cry because we still have hope, and because we can still find joy even on the darkest and coldest of winter nights.”
― Courtney M. Privett, Rain Falls on Malora

“Sometimes a story is all you have,” she [Coralee] says. “Sometimes that can be enough.”
― Ali Standish, The Ethan I Was Before

“Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.”
― Desmond Tutu

“How wonderful it is those people that we meet by chance and invite us to live again.
The memory of them will keep hope alive forever.”
― Mimi Novic, Guidebook To Your Heart

“You have creative control in this life: Choose Love over fear, Choose Hope over despair.”
― Happy Goddessa

“Never underestimate the infinite love within you
It has the power to transform lives”
― Mimi Novic , The Silence Between the Sighs

“Trust what you feel.
There are so many ways the heart speaks to us.”
― Mimi Novic, Your Light Is The Key

“If. If. If this all happened! I, F, - he had to hang on to those two little letters, just one tiny two letter word. If. So much hope and dread hung in the balance on those two little blips in the alphabet! A chasm in fact!”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Vocation of a Gadfly

“But our wishes are like tinder: the flint and steel of circumstances are continually striking out sparks, which vanish immediately, unless they chance to fall upon the tinder of our wishes; then, they instantly ignite, and the flame of hope is kindled in a moment.”
― Anne Brontë

“Everyone we meet has wounds upon their heart.
Everyone is waiting for someone to scatter the seeds of love amongst their tears and to be patient enough to wait for their beautiful fragrance of dreams to awaken once more.”
― Mimi Novic, Guidebook To Your Heart

“A person can suffer from a lack of dreams.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“When the odds are impossible -- do the impossible.”
― Grant Morrison

“Why only at our great peril do we numbly walk past an outstretched hand: anyone we meet might be one of these beings upon whom and unimaginable burden rests. A burden you can ease by creating a sanctuary simply by accepting that outstretched hand in kindness and with an open heart...simply by being present.”
― Neil Abramson, Just Life: A Novel

“May you thrive where others tumble.”
― Bernard Kelvin Clive

“Nothing changes, love. Ever. Hope is a fickle vixen sent to torment us with discontent. And I am done with her, and her empty promises, and wishes unfulfilled.”
― Sherrilyn Kenyon, Son of No One

“It wasn't enough but it was a start. It might keep him going...”
― Val McDermid, Insidious Intent

“Take comfort in a light only darkness provides.”
― Terri Doty, One of Few

“His lone breaths- everywhere to be with him
Hope survives one more day, losing all fear
With the cold night's touch through shivered scheme,
His new day reminds of another year

From the poem Sonnet For A Man (Part II)”
― Munia Khan, To Evince the Blue

“Hope isn't poison, Lissa. Hope is the thing that keeps you going when everything is awful and dark and you don't know which way to turn.”
― Charlotte Stein, Run to You

“I'm still doing it. I'm still doing the thing I never do. I'm hoping. Or at least I'm trying on hope for size.”
― Charlotte Stein, Run to You

“Hope was a cold hearted mistress who promised a dozen wonderful things, and didn't deliver a single one of them.”
― Hew J. La France, End Turn

“When we use up all our energy in keeping our inner lives above water, we have no strength left to look beyond our struggles – no strength left to love others. There is only one solution: to turn away from our anxieties, and toward Jesus and our brothers and sisters. If we do this, we will find that he is not so unmerciful that we need live in constant fear and self-circling. God is a God of love, and he gives hope and new life to all who seek him.”
― J. Heinrich Arnold, Freedom from Sinful Thoughts

“Match that love trying to stay alive in your hunger.”
― Scott Wannberg

“Heraclitus said, “The sun is new each day.” I hope we will use our time on earth wisely and that our troubled world will focus more on compassion, understanding, and peaceful coexistence, finding new ways to bind humanity together in love and wisdom.”
― Alexandra Villard de Borchgrave, Love & Wisdom: 37 Timeless Reflections

“Heraclitus said, 'The sun is new each day.' I hope we will use our time on earth wisely and that our troubled world will focus more on compassion, understanding, and peaceful coexistence, finding new ways to bind humanity together in love and wisdom.”
― Alexandra Villard de Borchgrave, Love & Wisdom: 37 Timeless Reflections

“What is a stratosphere fourteen miles from
the earth or a sunken glass house on
the sea-bottom amid fish and feather-
stars unless a bet that man can shove
on beyond yesterday's record of man
the hoper, the believer?”
― Carl Sandburg, Selected Poems

“I’m not a bad guy. If only I could stop hoping. If only I could say to my heart: Give up. Be alone forever. There’s always opera. There’s angel-food cake and neighborhood children caroling, and the look of autumn leaves on a wet roof. But no. My heart’s some kind of idiotic fishing bobber.”
― George Saunders, CivilWarLand in Bad Decline

“His chest rises and falls heavily, his thumb stroking my cheekbon, and he finally tells me, "Dum spiro, spero".”
― Becca Ritchie & Kristia Ritchie

“Never give up hope! As long as there is breath in your body, there's always opportunity for change!”
― Tiffany Watkins, The Lonely Heart: A Guide to Succesful Single Living

“Be sensitive to those around you, sometimes they could be silent but screaming for help from within”
― Patricia Dsouza, When Roses are Crushed

“Happiness depends not on things around me, but on my attitude.”
― Alfred Montapert

“So find your own combination of things to learn and see and be passionate about. Learn from everyone but be your own guidance, and you will find a red-hot feeling in your chest each night, eager for the possibilities of a new day. No one knows your heart as well as you do.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Everything Changed When I Forgave Myself: growing up is a wonderful thing to do

“We are all spawned from the same great canvas yet we lose ourselves through the melding of vistas.”
― Lorin Morgan-Richards

“If any of this ended in an explosion, I hoped it would be one that made us burn brighter, stronger than ever before.”
― Sheba Karim, Mariam Sharma Hits the Road

“Rainbows are full of love, peace, dreams & hopes.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“But hope, like heroes, can prove hard to kill.”
― Neil Gaiman, Marvel 1602

“He told her about the first time he had looked on the back of her neck as she sat in the church pew. Of the feeling that had never let go of him since. He talked to her of the great waste of years between then and now. A long time gone. And it was pointless, he said, to think how those years could have been put to better use, for he could hardly have put them to worse. There was no recovering them now. You could grieve endlessly for the loss of time and for the damage done therein. For the dead, and for your own lost self. But what the wisdom of the ages says is that we do well not to grieve on and on. And those old ones knew a thing or two and had some truth to tell, Inman said, for you can grieve your heart out and in the end you are still where you were. All your grief hasn't changed a thing. What you have lost will not be returned to you. It will always be lost. You're left with only your scars to mark the void. All you can choose to do is go on or not. But if you go on, it's knowing you carry your scars with you. Nevertheless, over all those wasted years, he had held in his mind the wish to kiss her there at the back of her neck, and now he had done it. There was a redemption of some kind, he believed, in such complete fulfillment of a desire so long deferred.”
― Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain

“Slaves hung on determinedly to their selves, to their love of family, their wholeness. A shoemaker on the South Carolina Sea Islands expressed in his own way: "I'se lost an arm, but it hasn't gone out of my brains.”
― Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States

“I am supposing, or perhaps only hoping, that our future may be found in the past's fugitive moments of compassion rather than in its solid centuries of warfare.”
― Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States

“Because Hope survives best at the hearth', I said. 'Guard it for me, and I won't be tempted to give up again.”
― Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian

“Poets soar on the wings of hope.”
― Balroop Singh

“Hope and breath, stay and breathe together, with entire life.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“I hope,' he would say, 'I will not disappoint him too badly for becoming … the things I have become.”
― Larry Duplechan, Blackbird

“Was it wrong to hope to be happy?”
― Zadie Smith, The Embassy of Cambodia

“... I am halfway between two worlds, the known and the unknown. I feel as transparent as the wind, as if my spirit is hovering in the sky, waiting to land. I am driving toward a future I can't see, leaving behind a past that already feels distant. Nothing is clear - and yet the trees are sharp against the sky; I can see the hard outlines of everything.”
― Christina Baker Kline, The Way Life Should Be

“Smile to begin a friendship
Hug and Handclasp to lift a soul
Your hope can raise up their spirits
One touch can show that you care”
― Patricia Dsouza

“The monument of a great man is not of granite or marble or bronze. It consists of his goodness, his deeds, his love and compassion.”
― Alfred Montapert

“No better words than "thank you" have yet been discovered to express the sincere gratitude of one's heart, when the two words are sincerely spoken.”
― Alfred Montapert

“There is always a way. Always.”
― Cheri Partain

“There is always a way. Always.”
― Cheri M. Partain

“Life is not what happens to us is how we react to what happens to us.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Voice up to let out wisdom
Stand up for what is true
Your life can create a difference
It's certainly up to you!”
― Patricia Dsouza

“It is easy to enter every moment of a day so burdened down as we try to carry all of our hopes and fears for that day, that we miss the good in every moment. Every moment is worth investing a full moment in.
How we approach every moment matters. Shakespeare said in Antony and Cleopatra, “Give me my robe. Put on my crown. I have immortal longings in me.” Our innermost longing is not merely to survive, but to thrive, and we share that longing with everyone else.
Connection comes most intimately from looking for that innermost longing in others and ourselves. Love says, as Jordan Peterson wrote, “I want the best, for what wants the best in you.” We ought to love ourselves and want the best for what wants the best in us. There is a longing inside to love without reserve or limits and allow ourselves to be loved with ultimate vulnerability.
We are more than what we can hide behind a mask, and there is no reason we should try to hide it. We are not the chemical mess we feel like at times, we are amazing—we defy the law of the universe that says all things trend towards chaos and emptiness.
Walt Whitman said, “I am not contained between my hat and my boots.” We are not contained between our fears and our past experiences either.
We are born with awareness, imagination and will-power, and combined with any other awareness, imagination and will-power both will be increased; that is the value of connecting. What we are born with is all we have or need to give. You were born worthy of connection, don’t ever second guess it!
Yes, it may be dangerous to open up and let people into our life, but it is fatal to attempt to keep people out. Choose love, choose to see the goodness in life unbiasedly wherever it may be, and choose to make life better for yourself and everyone, whether or not anyone else wants to help.
It is very normal and understandable to want to feel heard, seen and appreciated; at some point however, we have to make the decision to say what most merits hearing, do what is most worth seeing, and give what is most worth appreciating, whether or not anyone sees, hears or appreciates it. There is a saying that “integrity is how you act when you think no one is looking.” I say that character is what we do despite all that would sway us otherwise, whether that be potential for fame or fear of insignificance.
"No positive effort is so small that good things won’t come from it, so do it!”
― Michael Brent Jones, Conflict and Connection: Anatomy of Mind and Emotion

“Do you keep looking for fault in everything?
that is what you will find
Do you keep looking for cruelty in people around you?
you'll never find the good in them
When you stop looking for the shadows, the LIGHT you will see”
― Patricia Dsouza

“We must meet the challenge rather than wish it were not before us”
― William J. Brennan Jr.

“Do not find or create a story that limits you.”
― Freequill

“In the conclusion of his "Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God" sermon, Johnathan Edwards says, "The axe is in an extraordinary manner laid at the root of the trees, that every tree that brings not forth good fruit, may be hewn down, and cast into the fire." And I say "Amen." I thank God that the theological tree that produced the bitter fruit of belief in an angry, violent, and retributive God has at last been hewn down and cast into the fire. In my life the poisonous tree of angry God theology is now gone. In its place grows the tree of Life, a tree whose leaves bring healing. It's a tree that looks like it once may have been an ugly cross, but it is now beautiful and verdant, producing the fruit of eternal life. Planted by the Father himself, this tree is an everlasting reminder that I am a forgiven sinner in the hands of a loving God.”
― Brian Zahnd, Sinners in the Hands of a Loving God: The Scandalous Truth of the Very Good News

“When it's hard to to get through another hour and another minute, refuse to believe the lies of darkness, make a conscious decision to focus on light and practice gratitude for what you have.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Happiness is something that happy people are always looking to increase or amplify, while those lacking it are always trying to find.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“I can breathe where there is green. Green grows hope. It keeps my heart beating and helps me remember who I am.”
― Courtney M. Privett, Faelost

“शासनाच्या हाती राक्षसी सत्ता असते. तीच गोष्ट शिकल्या-सुधारल्या मंडळींची. आपल्या वाढत्या सुखसोयी, चोचले पुरविण्यासाठी ते प्रसंगी निसर्गावर, त्यात राहणारा कडेकपारीतील अडाणी जनतेच्या अन्नावर उठतात. आपल्या लुटीला लूट न म्हणता 'विकास', 'प्रगती' अशी गोंडस नावे देतात. गुन्हेगारीला तत्वज्ञानाचा आधार देतात. सारे एक होतात.”
― Vishwas Patil, झाडाझडती

“All that had gone before was not a thousandth of what was yet to come; the story of this star had barely begun.”
― Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey

“Even in the darkest times the gods are always there.”
― Tomi Adeyemi, Children of Blood and Bone

“Adoption: Every Child a Wanted Child... There are 143 million orphans in the world waiting for someone to want them. Could one of them be waiting for you?”
― Liz Tolsma

“If you decide to walk for others be prepared to carry them for many miles.”
― Lorin Morgan-Richards

“Embrace your imperfections. We are not machines.”
― Lorin Morgan-Richards

“It is difficult to be an artist, because what you can see needs to be done and what you can achieve are generally two very opposite things. The two are like yin and yang, north and south, positive and negative. What you see is just totally opposite of what the reality can be, and that's unfortunate. But there are things we can do. Writers can either repave--we fill in some of the cracks in the road that are already there--or we start to knock down some of the weeds to make a clearing in the wilderness.”
― Nikki Giovanni, Shimmy Shimmy Shimmy Like My Sister Kate: Looking At The Harlem Renaissance Through Poems

“I can't stand to hope unless there's a reason to.”
― Stephen King, Sleeping Beauties

“Something she'd done since the first - she kept him from yielding to the dark lure of the water until he could see for himself the hope found in the dawn of each new day.”
― Lisa Cox Carter, A Vast and Gracious Tide

“The freed self searches for the bright star that unlocks the doors of peace and rebirth.”
― Lorin Morgan-Richards

“Create childish words. Commingle
what you feel with determined,
mesmerizing, musical
voices whispering
cry smile wonder.”
― David C. Sarnacki, Cry, Smile, Wonder: poems

“If there is hope, happiness will come,

Finding its way through your heart...

If there is hope, love will be present,

Caressing your soul with its warmth...

If there is hope, dreams will be true

Fulfilling your craziest thoughts...

And if there is hope, there is a goal,

Waiting to be achieved...”
― Mirela Stancu

“Our words may not cause plants to sprout, but they can make hope spring forth in a human heart.”
― Jonathan Merritt, Learning to Speak God from Scratch: Why Sacred Words Are Vanishing-and How We Can Revive Them

“A SON’S PRAYER
Oh dear God,
help my dad
every day
he sure needs it”
― David C. Sarnacki, Cry, Smile, Wonder: poems

“We all have the power to make little choices that can change the course of our lives forever.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Looking for a mystery
to take over your life?
Sit down with some small detail
let it settle like cream
in your coffee, swirling
hot, steaming slow, rising”
― David C. Sarnacki, Cry, Smile, Wonder: poems

“Rest
and wonder. When you rise
you will walk another step
toward one moment
and not some other
a first step toward changing
the rest of your life.”
― David C. Sarnacki, Cry, Smile, Wonder: poems

“CANYON
river, most mighty,
waiting for the sun to melt
a single snowflake”
― David C. Sarnacki, Cry, Smile, Wonder: poems

“Aspiration is the engine of human life. Aspiration in the biological sense of breathing and cellular activity that connote fundamental life, but also, and as importantly, aspiration in the sense of hope. Hope for peace. Hope for compassion. Hope for the Earth. A solid belief in the basic goodness of humanity.”
― Arno Michaelis, My Life After Hate

“There's no better medicine for the soul that knowing you aren't alone.”
― Lynda Cheldelin Fell

“There's no better medicine for the soul than knowing you aren't alone.”
― Lynda Cheldelin Fell

“Find your soul
and keep it in your heart.
Feed it, honor it
for what it is, your presence
in this world, open,
fresh, inspirational.”
― David C. Sarnacki, Cry, Smile, Wonder: poems

“That GREAT FAMILY REUNION in HEAVEN Awaits the Child of GOD!”
― Marsha Carol Watson Gandy

“Warm someone's cheek
Whisper
Caress
Kiss for 10 seconds, or more, or for the rest of your life
Be there
Love


Long
Belong
Be loyal
Be love
Be with someone always
Belong to yourself”
― David C. Sarnacki, Cry, Smile, Wonder: poems

“What McKenna possessed was far more beguiling than mere physical beauty. She possessed a kindness, a generosity of spirit. Offering him the most dangerous thing of all - hope.”
― Lisa Cox Carter, A Vast and Gracious Tide

“Risk arrest
Run
Play a children's game
Hire a sitter
Lift baggage
Open doors


Open a window
Open your mind
Expand your patience
Feel peace
Cause excitement
Kiss the children”
― David C. Sarnacki, Cry, Smile, Wonder: poems

“When the fear of losing out pains you only a Heavenly touch can sustain”
― Caleb Pradhan

“Despair NOT! Refuse to be gloomy or negative. Don't allow challenges and situations to rob your joy. Do not allow anything or anyone to take YOUR PEACE AWAY!”
― Patricia Dsouza

“We all deserve to experience genuine happiness and can easily do so.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Everything changed when I learned to honour my body instead of fighting it. When I learned to take care of it, like a precious castle to protect this weary heart. To stop harming it, punishing it for looking like this or that, feeling like this or that. I don’t look like they all told me I had to, but I’m healthy and strong and vital. That is enough.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Everything Changed When I Forgave Myself: growing up is a wonderful thing to do

“No one will come and save you. No one will come riding on a white horse and take all your worries away. You have to save yourself, little by little, day by day. Build yourself a home. Nurture your body. Find something to work on. Something that makes you excited, something you want to learn. Get yourself some books and learn them by heart. Get to know the author, where he grew up, what books he read himself. Take yourself out for dinner. Dress up for no one but you and simply feel nice. It’s a lovely feeling, to feel pretty. You don’t need anyone to confirm it.

I get so goddamn lonely and sad and filled with regrets some days, but I’m learning to breathe deep through it and keep walking. I’m learning to make things nice for myself. Slowly building myself a home with things I like. Colours that calm me down, a plan to follow when things turn dark. A few people I try to treat right, even though I don’t sometimes, but it’s my intention to do so. I’m learning.

I’m learning to make things nice for myself. I’m learning to save myself.

I’m trying, as I always will.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Everything Changed When I Forgave Myself: growing up is a wonderful thing to do

“For the briefest moment, Ulla despised Signy, as we can only hate those who rescue us from loneliness.”
― Leigh Bardugo, The Language of Thorns: Midnight Tales and Dangerous Magic

“Evil's something you can decide to do every day, and it gets easier every time. But the more good you bring into the world, maybe the more the rest of the world would look like this. Like paradise.”
― Emily Henry, A Million Junes

“I feel a swell of pride. This. This right here is why I wanted to become a teacher. To know that it is possible to change the world for the better, in however small a way.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“Dangling form the trap's steel teeth by his wounded leg, a lesser creature might have closed his eyes and prayed for nothing more than a quick death. But if Koja had words then he had hope.”
― Leigh Bardugo, The Language of Thorns: Midnight Tales and Dangerous Magic

“My life might be in the streets, but my heart is gold. And together, I'm a street of gold.”
― Anthony Liccione

“The sun will rise again. The only uncertainty is whether or not we will rise to greet it.
Alan Christensen's diary”
― Richard Paul Evans, Miles to Go

“When the results are not there, work. When the results are there, work.”
― Chinonye J. Chidolue

“Quite the opposite actually. I think having hope is one of the most important things you can do. Once you let go of it, despair takes over. Despair will kill you quicker than hope ever could. So if you're going to hold onto something...I'm glad it's that.”
― Julie Johnson, Uncharted

“HOPE grows like a flower when someone in need knows that you care.”
― Maria Koszler

“Hope was a dangerous thin. It filled you up. It made you believe in things you might never have but could not give up on.”
― Eden Butler

“Hope is important. It allows you to survive.
But there's a point where tough love is required if you want to change.
Action is necessary. It allows you to live.”
― Brittany Burgunder

“And even though I didn't know this exact moment existed, I wanted to be out here in the world to see it.”
― Jennifer Niven, Holding Up the Universe

“Hope is the last thing a man should ever lose.”
― Joseph Goodluck Kimaro

“Sometimes, the grass is not greener on the other side, and we should stay in the field where we belong. And sometimes we just need to take a gamble and hope for the best.”
― John Marrs, The One

“Our personal ripple effect is the power of one generating hope and change in others for a better world. Like ripples radiating across the surface of a pond when a pebble is tossed in, kindness is powerful and has far-reaching, positive ramifications that bring about a tremendous sense of joy.”
― Laurie Buchanan, PhD

“A problem cannot be solved without understanding it.”
― Kristy McMorlan, Treasures in the Trash

“Dream up ways to allow your freedom to not be anchored to a job.”
― Richie Norton

“Do not let the things that try to steal your peace rob you of your joy. Do not give them the permission to scare you into no performance.”
― Precious Avwunuma Emodamori

“Does this not tell you that grief, as well as in life, there is always something to look forward to beyond?”
― Alexandre Dumas

“Heavens, chile, you gonna wake up awright. To a brand new day. 'Cos de Lawd use de nighttime to wash de day clean!"... Another beloved term left over from her childhood, signaling the time just before dawn, when the sun first begins to stir, chasing night clouds away and painting the glory of eternal rays all over the darkened canvas of the sky. A time of hope and forgiveness.”
― E.R. Dinsmoor, Dayclean

“Hope is the escapist drug of the hopeless.”
― BatWhaleDragon

“Sometimes it takes more courage to believe in what you can’t see.” she said quietly, and then looked into his dark blue eyes. “Because anyone can believe in what’s already been proven.
Grace Willows- Not a Ghost of a Chance

Copyright © 2018 by Grace Willows”
― Grace Willows

“There were countless injustices and difficulties in this world, but small points of light too, where the darkness was held back.”
― Alexander McCall Smith, Friends, Lovers, Chocolate

“There has to be uncomfortable element in the discourse of anything to change.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“She looks at me, ‘No other test is required. Maybe you can take a pill.’
‘What kind of pills?’
She looks at me tenderly, ‘Chill Pill…’ And follows it with a wink.”
― Pragya Tiwari, Outlet from Loneliness

“Il y a tellement de gens qui se ratent pour de mauvaises raisons. Quel risque y a-t-il à voler un peu de bonheur ?”
― Marc Levy, Une fille comme elle

“God allows problems to disrupt our space so He can fit in!”
― Emmanuel Igunbor

“My desire since adolescence to have a personal relationship with Jesus was coming true, and my heart beat hard with excitement.”
― Chris Manion, God's Patient Pursuit of My Soul

“It's the trying that heals you. That's all you have to do. Just try.”
― Katherine Center, How to Walk Away

“Remember your math: an anecdote is not a trend. Remember your history: the fact that something is bad today doesn't mean it was better in the past. Remember your philosophy: one cannot reason that there's no such thing as reason, or that something is true or good because God said it is. And remember your psychology: much of what we know isn't so, especially when our comrades know it too.

Keep some perspective. Not every problem is a Crisis, Plague, Epidemic, or Existential Threat, and not every change is the End of This, the Death of That, or the Dawn of a Post-Something Era. Don't confuse pessimism with profundity: problems are inevitable, but problems are solvable, and diagnosing every setback as a symptom of a sick society is a cheap grab for gravitas. Finally, drop the Nietzsche. His ideas may seem edgy, authentic, baad,while humanism seems sappy, unhip, uncool But what's so funny about peace, love, and understanding?”
― Steven Pinker, Enlightenment Now: The Case for Reason, Science, Humanism, and Progress

“My highest aspiration is to Love without limits and without ego.”
― Laura Jeanne, Happiness Is Possible!: Ten Simple Concepts to Transform Your Life

“To express the love of two lovers by the marriage of two complementary colours, their blending and their contrast, the mysterious vibrations of related tones. To express the thought of a brow by the radiance of a light tone against a dark background. To express hope by some star. Someone's passion by the radiance of the setting sun. That's certainly no realistic trompe l'oeil, but something that really exists, isn't it?”
― Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent Van Gogh

“A fighter never gives up. His scars are his ornaments. He may never be whole, yet he’s bigger than all his battles and beautiful, even in his brokenness.”
― Mona Soorma, Soul Food And Instant Karma

“Look ahead to the bright light
Use your hopes to unfold each night
Rejoice in the struggle, stay sane
There’s always sunshine after rain”
― Soulla Christodoulou, Sunshine after Rain: A Collection of Poetry

“You see, I was my own monster. When you don’t have hope, something can grow inside of you that will just keep hurting, biting, snarling, and you can sink farther and let that monster overtake you.
Some people don’t fight back. They might hurt others, hurt themselves, or just—relinquish the fight for happiness.”
― Tijan, Home Torn

“I believe ... I believe that if there was a start to this, then there has to be an end.”
― Leigh Bardugo, Wonder Woman: Warbringer

“Self-awareness is the capacity to recognise that you are a separate entity from others”
― Dee Waldeck

“It is not how long we spend with someone that matters.
It's the effect of that encounter that makes the difference.”
― Mimi Novic, Guidebook To Your Heart

“Every shadow of doubt is cast from a candle of hope.”
― Samuel M. Griffin

“You only fail when you stop trying.”
― Ibrahim Mustapha

“God can set my destiny, but he can't take my decisions”
― Vineet Raj Kapoor

“I think that is not true," Uncle Henrik said. "I think you are like your mama,and like your papa, and like me. Frightened, but determined, and if the time came to be brave, I quite sure you would be very, very brave."

"But," he added, "it is much easier to be brave if you do not know everything. And so your mama does not know everything.Neither do I. We only know what we need to know."

"Do you understand what I am saying?" he asked, looking into her eyes.

Annemarie frowned. She wasn't sure.What did bravery mean? She had been very frightened the day--not long ago though now it seemed far in the past-- when the soldier had stopped her on the street and asked questions in his rough voice.

And she had not known that the German were going to take away the Jews. And so, when the soldiers asked, looking at Ellen that day, "What is the name of your friend?"she had been able to handle him, even though she was frightened. If she had known everything, it would have not been so easy to be brave.”
― Lois Lowry

“Meghan Markle just single-handedly gave all divorced women more hope.”
― Germany Kent

“If you don't want anyone to find out, don't do it.”
― Ibrahim Mustapha

“When you make a commitment, you build hope. When you keep it, you build trust.”
― Ibrahim Mustapha

“She always picks the most boring things on the rack, always in basic black. If it's shaped like a sack, even better."

"Maybe it feels easier that way, just being invisible instead of always worrying what people think of you."

Nim's voice was surprisingly emphatic. "But that's a choice too, right? Because people are always going to look. They're always going to judge, so you can say nothing or you can at least answer back.”
― Leigh Bardugo, Wonder Woman

“The more you do it, the easier it will be to repeat it. If you have many successes, it’s easier to have them again.”
― Ibrahim Mustapha, The Confident Speaker: Tools to Overcome Your Fear in Public Speaking

“The past is a novel, written by Fate, weaving the same themes: love and its glory, hate and its prisoners, the soul and its price. Our decisions become narratives: fated choices that unknowably change the course of the living river. In the present, where decisions and connections are made, Fate waits on the riverbank of Story, leaving us to our mistakes and miracles, because it’s our will alone that leads us to one or the other.”
― Gregory David Roberts, The Mountain Shadow

“Your dream is always valid until you lose moral to chase it.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“One has to hope, you know?’
‘Yes,’ said Parker. ‘I know.”
― John Connolly, The Woman in the Woods

“When God gives me a plan, I don't fit my plan between His plan. I scrap my plan.”
― Michelle Cook-Hall, Heart Of Worship: Volume 1

“She was grateful her life regained a new purpose, a new rhythm and focus.”
― Soulla Christodoulou, Broken Pieces of Tomorrow: Strong women don't give up...They find a way through tears and thrills to love again...

“Nature has buffered out children not only physically--prepubescent children have the lowest death rate from all causes-- but psychologically as well, by endowing them with hope, abundant and irrational.”
― Martin E.P. Seligman, Learned Optimism: How to Change Your Mind and Your Life

“Nature has buffered our children not only physically-- prepubescent children have the lowest death rate from all causes-- but psychologically as well, by endowing them with hope, abundant and irrational.”
― Martin E.P. Seligman, Learned Optimism: How to Change Your Mind and Your Life

“There’s always a way, so i always try!”
― Khaled Ibrahim

“اجعل الأمل في حياتك كما الماء
Make hope just like water in your life”
― Khaled Ibrahim

“He smiles a little. This is the point of being a teacher. A glimmer of hope where you thought it didn't exist.”
― Matt Haig, How To Stop Time

“Hope, thin as a thread, sharp as a fishing line, cut into David's heart." p. 79”
― Thrity Umrigar, Everybody's Son

“Birthday marks the beginning of a new year, new hopes and new dreams! So, we should never blow out the candle before cutting the cake on such a day. Let the candle burn! Let it spread light everywhere!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“I won’t lose hope. I won’t be broken.”
― Rachel L. Schade, Forsaken Kingdom

“She looks up into the darkening sky, she knows she'll never stop hoping. Never stop searching the stars, wondering whether any of them could be the one Abel someday calls home.”
― Claudia Gray, Defy the Stars

“We are each other's miracles.”
― Shweta Grewal, Who are you stranger?

“Somewhere there is a man who is not afraid to live in a woman's hope”
― Anne Michaels, All We Saw: Poems

“Blossoms of HOPE bloom every day not like other blossoms just in the month of May”
― Maria Koszler

“And all I can think about is that it's not over and I'm tired and I'm ready to go but I'm still here. And I have to do it again and again and again." He leaned back in his chair.
"You think about that before you tell me I've got it easy."
I stayed silent a while before speaking. "So why don't you end it?"
"Suicide?"
"If your life is such a hell," I asked, "why bother? Why go through it again and again and all those times?"
"Because of..." He stopped and looked at the ceiling. After a moment he shrugged.
"Because of children," he said, "because of smiles and sunshine and ice cream."
"You've got to be kidding."
"You don't like ice cream?" Elijah shook his head, "It's the best. Imagine how excited I was when someone finally invented it. "
"Sunshine and smiles don't make all that other stuff go away." I said, "This isn't a fairy land."
"No," he said. "It's the real world. And the real world is the most amazing thing any of us will ever experience. Have you ever climbed a mountain? Walked through a garden? Played with a child? This isn't exactly a revelation John. People have been praising the simple pleasures since even before I was born, and that's a very long time."
"You don't do any of those things."
"But I have my memories," Said Elijah. "And I have even simpler things. Music. Food. Everybody likes bacon."
"I'm a vegetarian."
"Asparagus then," said Elijah, "roasted in pan. A little olive oil and a little salt - you the get the most incredible flavor - almost like a nut. But deep and rich and the textures just perfect..."
"I've tried it."
"The world is more than sadness," said Elijah, "i have a hundred thousand memories in my head. I can't remember all of them, or maybe even most of them, but they are so much happier than sad. For every dead mother or brother or child there are a hundred breezes, a hundred sunsets, a hundred memories of falling in love. Have you ever kissed anyone, John?"
"I don't see how that's any of your business."
"A first kiss is important. Most people only get one. But I can remember a hundred thousand of them. How could I give that up?" he shook his dead, smiling for the first time. "The world never gets old, John.”
― Dan Wells, The Devil's Only Friend

“Christian Faith
For me, being a Christian is all about true love. The Gospel of John instructs us, “Dear Friends, let us love one another, for love comes from God. Everyone who loves has been born of God and knows God. Whoever does not love does not know God, because God is love.” I believe that first we need to love ourselves, even when we are told that we do not deserve love. Then we need to love others, especially those who have not been treated with love. And of course, we need to love Jesus. Love for Jesus can be the foundation for living a good life, a life full of compassion and joy. Loving Jesus is where I believe a Christian life starts, because that love spreads all around, to people, animals, and the world.

Animal Rights
During my life so far, animals have brought me joy and comfort when I thought that I would never find happiness. My bunny Neon taught me so much about unconditional love. This experience showed me that animals have souls deserving of love just as much as humans, and they can be some of the purest examples of God’s love on Earth. I believe we can all show animals the compassion and love they deserve by choosing products that are fur-free and cruelty-free and by eating a vegan diet. Even people who aren’t prepared to commit to a vegan lifestyle can make thoughtful everyday choices that reduce needless cruelty against animals.

Human Rights
I have myself been a victim of abuse, so I know how hopeless life can seem to those in dark situations. However, I also know how much of a difference a small ray of light can make. My goal in life now is to shine that ray of light onto as many people in need as possible. As an advocate for human rights, I aim to raise awareness and help others who are suffering. From volunteering for organizations, to simply looking out for a neighbor or friend, we can all make a difference in helping others. Human rights of freedom and safety belong to each of us, and we all have a responsibility to support people who are the most vulnerable.”
― Shenita Etwaroo

“Not that he had come anywhere near attaining her skill at managing hope. She could balance it like a juggler -- let it soar and curb it and pass it from hand to hand. She could spin hope and spin herself through it. Forget mere juggling; she was a veritable trapeze artist with this hope thing.”
― Sonali Dev, A Distant Heart

“There is an old Chinese tale about the woman whose only son had died. In her grief, she went to the holy man and said, 'What prayers, what magical incantations do you have to bring my son back to life?' Instead of sending her away or reasoning with her, he said to her, 'Fetch me a mustard seed from a home that has never known sorrow. We will use it to drive the sorrow out of your life.' The woman set off at once in search of that magical mustard seed. She came first to a splendid mansion, knocked at the door and said, 'I am looking for a home that has never known sorrow. Is this such a place? It is very important to me.' They told her 'You've certainly come to the wrong place,' and began to describe all the tragic things that had recently befallen them. The woman said to herself, 'Who is better able to help these poor unfortunate people than I, who have had misfortune of my own?' She stayed to comfort them, then went on in her search for a home that had never known sorrow. But wherever she turned, hovels and in palaces, she found one tale after another of sadness and misfortune. Ultimately, she became so involved in ministering to other people's grief that she forgot about her quest for the magical mustard seed, never realizing that it had in fact drive the sorrow out of her life.”
― Harold S. Kushner, When Bad Things Happen to Good People

“But time is a cruel mistress, and it was not until much years later that she would learn the truth: that there is no such thing as salvation, an escape is only ever an illusion conjured up by the hopeful.”
― George Mann, The Executioner's Heart

“Having faith is bravery. Faith requires no evidence, just tremendous strength of spirit and a mind that conquers doubt.”
-Shenita Etwaroo”
― Shenita Etwaroo

“God will take your good, bad and ugly and create a masterpiece.”
― Michelle Cook-Hall

“The purest worship is to simply love -- to see the image of God in every human; to love them as they are, how they are, who they are -- without demand, without condition, without fear.”
― L.R. Knost

“Be the best you and not defy yourself by the standards of others”
― Michelle Cook-Hall

“You can't make sense out of nonsense”
― Michelle Cook-Hall

“Abuse changes who we are, it changes who we become. It changes how we move in the world and so does kindness”
― Nikki Rosen

“This isn't the end, you know," he said. "Nothing ever is, nothing ever will be - not even Judgment Day.”
― Kurt Vonnegut

“Brother, you would like to feel God's favor as you feel your sin. But you are asking too much. Your righteousness rests on something much better than feelings. Wait and hope until it will be revealed to you in the Lord's own time. Don't go by your feelings, but go by the doctrine of faith, which pledges Christ to you.”
― Martin Luther

“In Hell, hope is a really, really bad habit, like smoking cigarettes or fingernail biting. Hope is something really tough and tenacious you have to give up. It's an addiction to break.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Damned

“Life's hardest teachings yield the most beautiful lessons.”
― Lynda Cheldelin Fell

“When you have HOPE, then you become a blessing to someone else”
― Maria Koszler

“Let your FAITH be bigger than your FEARS!!”
― Lara Rose lee, A Shadow Lurking

“As you know, six nights a week we gather together to sing songs we know and love, to dance, to escape our daily lives. But on the seventh night … God created Yiddish theater.”
― Paula Vogel, Indecent

“Sometimes we close our eyes to things, hoping people will change.”
― Catherine DePasquale, A Future Spring

“I realized that as imperfect as I may be, I am the perfect Nick Vujicic.”
― Nick Vujicic, Life Without Limits

“However desperate your life may seem, there is hope. And no matter how dire your circumstances may appear, you can rise above them.”
― Nick Vujicic, Life Without Limits

“Glad would he have been to know its fate who wrought it slowly long ago', comments the narrator; and his comment shows that the ancient smith was not glad, did not know, was condemned to defeat and death and oblivion in the barrows. Still, even after thousands of years hope should not be lost; nor relied on.”
― Tom Shippey

“I LOVE YOU FROM THE WAIST DOWN, I DON'T DEAL IN DAMAGED GOODS.”
― CAROL FELLER, Dancing through Minefields

“A great many of us have come to believe that hope and significance is an external construct-something contingent on our circumstances. As a result, we fail to believe that the Christian life, at least in its fullest and most abundant form, can be lived anywhere.”
― Skye Jethani, With: Reimagining the Way You Relate to God

“Good luck, everyone.
Good luck to us all.
And may we meet again on distant shores.
Some place fine and far from here.”
― Amie Kaufman, Obsidio

“Here's to the bridge-builders, the hand-holders, the light-bringers, those extraordinary souls wrapped in ordinary lives who quietly weave threads of humanity into an inhumane world. They are the unsung heroes in a world at war with itself. They are the whisperers of hope that peace is possible. Look for them in this present darkness. Light your candle with their flame. And then go. Build bridges. Hold hands. Bring light to a dark and desperate world. Be the hero you are looking for. Peace is possible. It begins with us.”
― L.R. Knost

“When life feels too big to handle, go outside. Everything looks smaller when you're standing under the sky.”
― L.R. Knost

“I have found it always better to hope than despair”
― Cassandra Clare, Son of the Dawn

“Leave a trail of light behind you
Everywhere you go.
Whose darkness you'll illuminate
You may never know.”
― L.R. Knost

“Belief, is hope with an attitude that will not quit.”
― Grace Willows

“i want work that is a relentless oasis.”
― Nayyirah Waheed, Nejma

“I am not who I was. I am not even who I was yesterday. Tomorrow I will be new again, and again, until I am completely the woman I was meant to be.”
― Harmony Dust

“[F]or he had heard an inarticulate promise: he has been pierced by Spring, that sharp knife. And life unscales its rusty weathered pelt, and earth wells out in tender exhaustless strength, and the cup of a man’s heart runs over with dateless expectancy, tongueless promise, indefinable desire. Something gathers in the throat, something blinds him in the eyes, and faint and valorous horns sound through the earth.”
― Thomas Wolfe, Look Homeward, Angel

“It takes lives to save lives.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“If this past election and our present political, social, and environmental upheavals have done nothing else, they have inspired a new generation of thinkers. From poets to activists to journalists to scholars, the raw and gritty realities we face as a nation and as global citizens are being exposed, dissected, and examined. Freedom of the press, freedom of expression, freedom of speech, and the right to peacefully protest are not the luxuries of a free society, they are the defenders,supporters, and protectors of a free society. They are what make a free society possible. The solutions to our problems will no doubt be lengthy, complex, and difficult, but a generation awakened from the lethal sleep of apathy is a beginning. And that offers true hope for our future.”
― L.R. Knost

“Healing a hurting humanity starts with a sacred pause, to listen, to learn, to understand, to accept, to forgive, to respect. That sacred pause transcends the fear-driven brutality of the primitive human survival intinct and makes way for a thoughtful, intentional, peaceful, humane response. Peaceful coexistence on this lovely planet is not impossible. It is imperative. Our future, our humanity, our very survival depends on it.”
― L.R. Knost

“If there is any period one would desire to be born in, ⎯ is it not the age of Revolution; when
the old and the new stand side by side, and admit of being compared; when the energies of all men are searched by fear and by hope; when the historic glories of the old, can be compensated by the rich possibilities of the new era? This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, The American Scholar Self-Reliance Compensation

“How amazing these words are that slowly come to me.

How wonderfully on and on they go.

Will the words end, I ask
whenever I remember to.

Nope, my sister says, all of five years old
now,
and promising me

infinity.”
― Jacqueline Woodson, Brown Girl Dreaming

“The arch of history may be long, but it never bends away from reality.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“The strength of a nation rests on its future, and its future rests in the hands of its children. True strength is forged in gentleness, guided by wisdom, and steeped in peace. Growing the next generation with gentleness, wisdom, and peace begins by recognizing that we are citizens of the world, that every human matters, and that our children learn how to treat the world by how we treat them. To be a nation at peace, we must treat all humans peacefully and raise peaceful humans. The only path to peace is peace.”
― L.R. Knost

“Is not the circumstances, but your attitude of gratitude, faith and grace, that will bring you serendipity and good fortune everyday.”
― Maria Defillo

“God Doesn't Love Me The Way I Deserve...He Loves Me The Way He Desires...”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option

“Geyer and Gary looked at each other and wearily sat down. All the weeks of travel in the hottest months of the year investigating lead after lead, alternating between faith, hope, discouragement, and despair.”
― J.D. Crighton, Detective in the White City: The Real Story of Frank Geyer

“The arch of history may be long, but it bends away from reality.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“The night before, she had thought the last of her hopes dried up; and yet the sun had risen again this morning, and in the path of its warm rays she had discovered one final blossom.”
― Nicole Sager, Cleftlocke

“The path to hell is that of good intentions and nothing comes to a sleeper except dreams. So keep your good intentions in focus and make those dreams come true.”
― Peace Gypsy, Souls Deep : From a Professional Dreamer

“The only and last words she remembered her mother told her before she became mute was,
“You have to remember Pollyanna. In Naraka, you can never ever trust anyone. “She sighed. One of those long sighs that would make her cough till she puked blood. Polly could recall the revolting rotten smell of blood, “no one is your friend here. Do you understand? No one” Umber blood dripping from the corner of her lips, “They might be nice to you only for the lake. This lake is like your life. You have to protect it. This is the only way you can live a long life” she spit the blood and mucus in a piece of filthy cloth.
“But mom. Why should we live a long life when it’s a very bad time to live and many bad people want to kill us?”
“Because your innocent dreams still have colors and power and we have to keep them that way”
― Neda Aria

“Schon als Kind war er von recht massiver Körperlichkeit gewesen, in die er sich zurückzuziehen pflegte wie in einen Bunker, da war nichts zu bewegen und nichts zu erschüttern, und aus seinen Kinderaugen sprach Ablehnung.

Seine Schulkameraden fürchteten ihn, weil er sofort zuschlug, er ließ sich nicht auf Diskussionen ein, sondern pflanzte dem Kontrahenten ohne Vorwarnung die Faust gezielt auf die Nase.

Nur vor den hübschen Mädchen, vor denen fürchtete er sich. Er wusste von Kindesbeinen an, dass sie sich Zutritt verschaffen konnten in sein Innerstes, in das Herz aller Dinge, einfach so, ohne jede Anstrengung, und dass sie dort schlimme Dinge taten, ohne Gewissen und ohne Mitleid. Sie quälten und verletzten und töteten, mit einem Blick, und er begriff nicht, wie sie das machten.

Er dachte an Zauberei.

Er sah auch, dass sie über manche Jungs diese Macht nicht hatten, und denen unterwarfen sie sich, denen rannten sie nach, von denen ließen sie sich benutzen.

Er sah das und begriff auch das nicht.

Es hat etwas mit Liebe zu tun, dachte er.

Wer sie liebt, den verletzen und demütigen sie.
Wer sie verachtet, von dem lassen sie sich benutzen als Klopapier.

Wer sie liebt, ernsthaft liebt, dem verweigern sie sich. Wer sie verachtet, bekommt eine ganze Sammlung von ihnen.

Du liebst eine Frau? Liebst sie wirklich? Damit lädst du sie ein, dir das Herz zu brechen. Und sie wird der Einladung folgen. Die Versuchung ist einfach zu groß. Er liebt mich, er ist schwach, denkt sie voller Verachtung. Sowas muss man zertreten.

Wonach du dich am meisten sehnst, das bekommst du nicht. Was du verachtest, wirft sich dir zu Füßen.

Er sah das, und verstand es nicht.”
― Peter von Mundenheim, Das Leben in unserem Tal

“our pain can be turned to purpose”
― Harmony Dust

“Experience is the benefit of the past.
Opportunity is the benefit of the present.
Hope is the benefit of the future.
Live your best life right now, at this exact moment. You can't fix the future harboring on yesterday's mistakes.”
― Farshad Asl

“Hope: When it is between you and the rest of the World.

Just Do it: When it is between you and yourself”
― Bharath Mamidoju

“Hope: When it is between you and the rest of the World.

Challenge /Just Do it: When it is between you and yourself”
― Bharath Mamidoju

“The first step to salvation is the instruction accompanied with fear, in consequence of which we abstain from what is wrong; and the second is hope, by reason of which we desire the best things; but love, as is fitting, perfects, by training now according to knowledge.”
― Clement of Alexandria, Volume 12. The Writings of Clement of Alexandria

“My hope is in God, therefore, I am helped.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hindsight is a dangerous game”
― Shannon Messenger, Everblaze

“I will keep falling deep down into my abyss,
until my chaos turns it into an art scene.”
― Talismanist Giebra, Talismanist: Fragments of the Ancient Fire. Philosophy of Fragmentism Series.

“You carry too much hope, and it will canker in your soul like an infection.”
― Kiersten White, Now I Rise

“So I died many times that year.
In the cold, in the storm, on the run or on the drunk for my heart did not want to beat
but kept on beating anyway
and my pain was as real as real can be,
and I tried to learn and deal and run and feel
but nothing really worked.

I built a comfortable home in my sorrow and settled into a quiet living. No sparks or grand gestures, just a simple daily hymn to comfort. The leaves fell off the trees and coloured this city in all kinds of pretty, and some days that was enough to make me smile at least a little bit, within.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving

“My pessimism and cynicism knows no bounds, nothing truly surprises me these days. But when that little spark of optimism, of hope is alight, it burns really brightly in the darkness.”
― George Banister

“I keep falling deep down into my dark abyss…
At some point my abyss will turn into a horizon…”
― Talismanist Giebra, Talismanist: Fragments of the Ancient Fire. Philosophy of Fragmentism Series.

“Every man’s insomnia is as different from his neighbor’s as are their daytime hopes and aspirations.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald

“However, the Sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day gets on.”
― Charles Dickens, The Old Curiosity Shop

“it was too loud for hope
it was too silent for victory.”
― Sneha Subramanian Kanta, Synecdoche

“Even a broken watch is correct twice a day.”
― Brian Selznick, The Marvels

“As environments change, no human ideal standeth sure!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“No creed must be accepted upon authority of a "divine" nature. Religions must be put to th question. No moral dogma must be taken for granted-no standard of measurement deified. There is nothing inherently sacred about moral codes. Like the wooden idols of long ago, they are the work of human hands, and what man has made, man can destroy!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“Gather around me, Oh! ye death-defiant, and the earth itself shall be thine, to have and to hold!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“Too long the dead hand has been permitted to sterilize living thought!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“Too long right and wrong, good and evil have been inverted by false prophets!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“I question all things. As I stand before the festering and varnished facades of your haughtiest moral dogmas, I write thereon in letters of blazing scorn: Lo and behold; all this is fraud!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“He that is slow to believe anything and everything is of great understanding, for belief in one false principle is the beginning of all unwisdom.
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“Behold the crucifix; what does it symbolize? Pallid incompetence hanging on a tree.
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“Whenever, therefore, a lie has built unto itself a throne, let it be assailed without pity and without regret, for under the domination of an inconvenient falsehood, no one can prosper.
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“I blast out the ghastly contents of philosophically whited sepulchers and laugh with sardonic wrath!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“I gaze into the glassy eye of yoursome god, and pluck him by the beard; I uplift a broad-axe, and split open his worm-eaten skull!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“I raise up in stern invasion the standard of the strong!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“No hoary falsehood shall conventions that do not lead to my earthly success and happiness.
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“Before none of your printed idols do I bend in acquiescence, he who saith "thou shalt not" to me is my mortal foe!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“I request reason for your golden rule and ask the why and wherefore of your commandments.
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“For I stand forth to challenge the wisdom of the world; to interrogate the "laws" of man and "You"!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“Now I lay me down to sleep,
I pray the Lord my soul to keep,
If I should die before I 'wake,
I pray the Lord my soul to take”
― Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall

“In this arid wilderness of steel and stone I raise up my voice that you may hear. To the East and to the West I beckon. To the North and to the South I show a sign proclaiming: Death to the weakling, wealth to the strong!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“Open your eyes that you may see, Oh men of mildewed minds, and listen to me ye bewildered millions!
Compton”
― Compton Gage

“God is my helper. So I have hope.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“She stood for a moment looking up at the stars, so far, so many, bright and cold. And with a faint smile she thought: ‘I wonder which is my lucky star!”
― John Galsworthy, Flowering Wilderness

“Don't ever let that feeling that you were meant to do great things turn out to be a lie.”
― Gillian Duce, Magic And Mayhem - Tree Of Knowledge

“It doesn't matter what my life has been like, Samir. What matters is hope. If you don't believe in a happy ending, what are you living for?”
― Sonali Dev, A Bollywood Affair

“Fall in love with yourself
because the one
you've been searching for
so desperately
is you.”
― Nidhi M. Jhaveri, I'll just save myself

“As long as you can look fearlessly at the sky, you'll know that you're pure within and will find happiness once more.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“This morning, when I was sitting in front of the window and taking a long, deep look outside at God and nature, I was happy, just plain happy. Peter, as long as people feel that kind of happiness within themselves, the joy of nature, health and much more besides, they'll always be able to recapture that happiness.
Riches, prestige, everything can be lost. But the happiness in your own heart can only be dimmed; it will always be there, as long as you live, to make you happy again.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“The best remedy for those who are frightened, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere they can be alone, alone with the sky, nature and God. For then and only then can you feel that everything is as it should be and that God wants people to be happy amid nature's beauty and simplicity,
As long as this exists, and that should be forever, I know that there will be solace for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances. I firmly believe that nature can bring comfort to all who suffer.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“To surrender now is to pay the expensive ogre twice.
Ancient woods of my blood, dash down to the nut of the seas.
If I take to burn or return this world which is each man's work.”
― Dylan Thomas, Collected Poems”
― Dylan Thomas, 100 Best-Loved Poems

“A wish is many things. It is apprehension and anticipation. It is lucky coins and dandelion fluff and rainbows stretching to forever. It is loves-me after love-me-nots and a pile of plucked flower petals at your feet. It's purple bikes and getting picked first and a passing grade in math. It's the marvelous and the miraculous. It's hunger and heartache. A wish is something extraordinary that you never hoped to have.
Or something very ordinary that most people take for granted.”
― John David Anderson, Granted

“Love was never a mistake, even when it wasn't returned.”
― Alice Hoffman, The Probable Future

“She is in love with herself and every ounce of it.”
― Nidhi M. Jhaveri, I'll just save myself

“Your soul remains intact, waiting to save you.”
― Nidhi M. Jhaveri, I'll just save myself

“The whole universe came together to consummate a wonderful soul, you.”
― Nidhi M. Jhaveri, I'll just save myself

“The winds of change blow over the sea of hope as we ride the heavens high above.
Forever searching for the isle of dreams, forever looking, forever scanning the horizon.
But for most of us, it's in vain it would seem, for the isle of hope, is nowhere to be seen.
But for some, a glimpse is enough, to stretch out one's hand, and snatch at its thread.
It's all it takes, it's all you need, for if you do it, you're sure to succeed.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Within you exists an abundance of love.
Rise above your imprisoned mind
and attempt to spread the love.”
― Nidhi M. Jhaveri, I'll just save myself

“It’s been days now that you did not reply,
Have started to lose hope again,
So writing again..
Not for the reply,
But a hope,
A hope for your reply”
― Bhumika Singh, Hopes of Despair

“Maybe, just maybe,
it's difficult to find solace
in one another, in anyone, or anywhere,
because everyone is hurting at the same time.”
― Nidhi M. Jhaveri, I'll just save myself

“Hope in a child who has never known anything but despair is a sweet and touching thing.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Miserables

“If you're wandering,
pondering,
in vain,
or astray,
surrender to your soul.
It only has its arms open for you.”
― Nidhi M. Jhaveri, I'll just save myself

“There are snippets of hope shining
in the darkest corners of chaos,
you must not be scared.
Refrain from letting fear cover your eyes.”
― Nidhi M. Jhaveri, I'll just save myself

“Life is a jungle, and we may not always have a map for it. Sometimes, it is for the best
to get lost and make a house of hope in the middle of nowhere and let the sky and the stars lead you wherever your soul desires.
Hope itself is light enough to illuminate the dark paths.”
― Mona Soorma, Soul Food And Instant Karma

“I am most valuable bill in his wallet,
But a torn bill…”
― Bhumika Singh, Hopes of Despair

“In the void of your absence,
Looking at your empty chair,
I always cherished,
A dream, an illusion,
Someone who is mine,
Is not present here,
Your arrival,
Will wake me up,
And break my illusions”
― Bhumika Singh, Hopes of Despair

“hope is faith holding out its hand in the dark”
― George Iles

“There’s a glimmer of hope building inside me, lighting me up in a way that’s been dark and dormant.”
― Crystal Cestari, The Sweetest Kind of Fate

“Only those who show up have a right to speak up.”
― Toni Sorenson

“It's hard to live on hope. Living on hope you get thin and tired. Hope pares you away from the inside. You're all the time living in the future. In the future things will be better, you hope, and you'll feel better and you won't wake up feeling like someone has been taking the life of you drip by drip while you slept.”
― Niall Williams, History of the Rain

“Life is a jungle, and we may not always have a map for it. Sometimes, it is for the best to get lost and make a house of hope in the middle of nowhere and let the sky and the stars lead you
wherever your soul desires.
Hope itself is light enough to illuminate the dark paths.”
― Mona Soorma, Soul Food And Instant Karma

“God's promises for your life may not happen in your timeline but it will surely happen in your lifetime.”
― Bernard Kelvin Clive

“Trust the magic of new beginnings. They fly on the high spirits of faith and hope.”
― Spirited Blogger

“Forgiveness is the four leafed clover of life.”
― Gillian Duce, Demons and Dangers: Magic and Mayhem - Book 4

“We are survivors. We shall survive again and we shall be the strongest, most gentle people on this earth.”
― Cleve Jones

“It’s an ugly world, and we need to take what happiness we can, when we can.”
― Lyndsay Ely, Gunslinger Girl

“I am unknown: so what?
This verses believe; they love; they hope: that's enough.”
― Arthur Rimbaud, I Promise to Be Good: The Letters of Arthur Rimbaud

“The morning weighs on my shoulders with the dreadful weight of hope and I take the blue envelope which Jacques has sent me and tear it slowly into many pieces, watching them dance in the wind, watching the wind carry them away. Yet, as I turn and begin walking toward the waiting people, the wind blows some of them back on me.”
― James Baldwin, Giovanni’s Room

“It's a great thing to be "great," Loo, and you and I might tug for a life, and never accomplish it, but no one can stop our looking on, and you know some cannot sing, but the orchard is full of birds, and we all can listen. What if we learn, ourselves, some day!”
― Emily Dickinson, Emily Dickinson: Letters

“Allow your choices to reflect your hopes not your fears. Your future depends on it.”
― Carol 'CC' Miller

“If I have faith, what I see as a wall in front of me is in reality a door that will soon be behind me.”
― Craig D Lounsbrough

“In an attempt to fix a crooked world, she broke herself, her heart, and her sanity.”
― Simmy Kors, The Zenas Cure

“Unlike the classical Greeks, for whom the fruit symbolized the inescapable cycle of bitter death, with a remorseful Persephone returning to the underworld for her six months of required winter, Marjan liked to believe the old stories of Persian soothsayers, who held a different vision of the tart fruit's purpose in life. She liked to remember that above all else, above all the unfortunate connotations of death and winter, the pomegranate was, and always would be, the fruit of hope.
The flower of fertility, of new things and old seasons to be cradled.”
― Marsha Mehran, Pomegranate Soup

“Despite how dark it might be, what is tonight but the precursor to tomorrow?”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Your mind drinks up whatever YOU pour into it. Pour hope. Pour truth. Pour love. Pour happiness.”
― Clyde Lee Dennis

“Hope, as it turned out, dwindled like sand through an hourglass.”
― Alexandra Bracken, Wayfarer

“Who knew such belongings?
That the truest love
Could blend
The margins of life
Into forgotten wants.”
― Phen Weston, Nothing But The Rain: A Collection of Poems

“I don’t understand,” Oraeyn whispered hoarsely.
“It is not for us to understand,” Ina replied, her face clearing as she listened to Kaitryn. “It is for us to travel to the very edge of the light we are given.”
“And then?” Oraeyn asked.
A radiant smile beamed across Kaitryn’s face. “And then we jump with swords drawn, a battlecry on our lips, and we beat back the darkness.”
― Jenelle Leanne Schmidt, Minstrel's Call

“Even in the midst of darkness, there is always a shard of light if we will but search for it hard enough and believe in it strongly enough.”
― Jenelle Leanne Schmidt, Minstrel's Call

“Let me stand for love. In conflict, let me be peace. In tragedy, let me be hope. In darknes, let me be light. In grief, let me be comfort.”
― Carol 'CC' Miller

“dream big, love large, and live humbly”
― L.L. Abbott

“O anlarda ayaklarımızın altından yer kayar ve ellerimiz boş bir çabayla göğe doğru kalkarken, sahip olduğumuz halde pek farkına varmadığımız şeylere yapışırız içgüdüyle. Hiç haberimiz olmadan içimizde yaşayan atalarımızın tüm tecrübelerinin, biriktirdikleri tüm alışkanlıkların gözlerimizin önüne serildiğini görürüz. Belki de orada, bir çıkış, bir çıkış başlangıcı, karanlıkların içinde, çok uzaklarda gerçekliğine inanılmayacak kadar zayıf ve belirsiz ışıklı bir nokta vardı. Ama böylesi anlarda selamete ulaşmak için, insan bir iğne deliğinden bile geçebilir.”
― Ivo Andrić

“Light is somewhere at the End, to guide you not to blind you!”
― Bradley B. Dalina

“Thousands on the roads, the abandoned railtracks, tonight, bums on the outside, libraries inside. It wasn't planned, at first. Each man had a book he wanted to remember, and did. Then, over a period of twenty years or so, we met each other, traveling, and got the loose network together and set out a plan. [...] We' re nothing more than dust jackets for books, of no significance otherwise. Some of us live in small towns. Chapter One of Thoreau's Walden in Green River, Chapter Two in Willow Farm, Maine. Why, there's one town in Maryland, only twenty-seven people, no bomb'll ever touch that town, is the complete essays of a man named Bertrand Russell. Pick up that town, almost, and flip the pages, so many pages to a person. And when the war's over, some day, some year, the books can be written again, the people will be called in, one by one, to recite what they know and we'll set it up in type until another Dark Age, when we might have to do the whole damn thing over again. But that's the wonderful thing about man; he never gets so discouraged or disgusted that he gives up doing it all over again, because he knows very well it is important and worth the doing.”
― Ray Bradbury

“Despite how dark it might be, what is tonight but the precursor to tomorrow?”
― Craig D Lounsbrough

“Hear me beautiful woman, The Voice from within. Greater is he that is within you than he that is within the world. You cannot begin to understand when one looks at you with eyes of the world and only sees what is optically visible. It takes time for one to know you and what's inside. Only One knows you from within, from the beginning. The world may hurt you because of its outward mindset but know that your beauty is deep. Know that you are loved by the one who sees the real you. Know that you are understood by the one who knows your mind and your heart. Know that you are a virtuous because of your resilience through love, and not defeated. Oh beautiful woman stand strong and confident in the one who reaffirms Who You Are and not how Broken You Are. Your power is strengthened with every Act of forgiveness that you practice. Your beauty is increased with every act of kindness that you show to that ugly head a worldly perception with hopes that it will recognize "you". Stop quirreling with the enemy in your mind that turns your hampster wheel. It drains your by showing you pictures passed instead of vision unrevealed. You are who HE says you are despite anyone who doesn't marvel in adoration. Don't see youself as the world reflects you; the world's mirror is tainted. Optical illusions can be fatal. Wake up! The eyes tell the mind what to see but only the heart can discern what lies beneath the scars, beyond the perseverance, inside of forgiveness, over the hills and valleys, signs on the journey, and hope for the spirit. Emotions are vissitudal. You are being etched in inexorable truth. Stand as your are, not as you're seen.
Sincerely,
Vitrue”
― VaeEshia Ratcliff-Davis

“Continuing bonds are not an alternative to grief-work, but more a result of it.”
― Lisa Irish, Grieving - the Sacred Art: Hope in the Land of Loss

“Whence dreams are begotten,
Where sacrifices are extolled,
Where the Invisible Light glorifies labor,
Thence come My Blessings.

In the whispering of leaves,
In the splash of waves,
In the murmur of the breeze,
I am with you.

Amidst the cruel and the dark ones,
Amidst treason of the spirit,
Amidst strife and sorrow,
My Shield is over you.”
― Agni Yoga Society, Leaves of Morya's Garden I

“Wherever you go in life, go with love in your heart, hope in your soul, and joy in your mind. For love, hope and joy will take you far.”
― Carol 'CC' Miller

“Le speranze le hanno le persone, ma i destini li distribuisce il diavolo.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, El laberinto de los espíritus

“Our gestures will not erase Karma.
Our Shield will protect you against the assaults of the dark forces.
But the settlement of old accounts in unavoidable.
The Hand of Fate leads towards the Good.”
― Agni Yoga Society, Leaves of Morya's Garden I

“Carry the light, and do not look back.”
― Agni Yoga Society, Leaves of Morya's Garden I

“A wish was not truly a wish, until it was properly wished.”
― James Qualls, A Gathering of Dreams

“Get up off of your knees. Come out of your churches, your mosques, your temples. God can hear your prayers for peace, justice, and hope in this broken world just fine while you're out creating peace, working for justice, and giving hope to this broken world. When are we finally going to realize that humanity is the solution to inhumanity? When will we finally understand that we are all drops of the same ocean, hurting together, healing together, hoping together? Don't just pray for hands to heal the hurting. Pray with hands that are healing the hurting. Don't just pray for arms to help the helpless. Pray with arms that are helping the helpless. Don't just pray for feet to respond to need. Pray on feet that are responding to need. Don't just pray for someone to do something. Be someone who does something. Don't just pray for answers. Be the answer.”
― L.R. Knost

“All we have is now. And our promise to make it better.”
― Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn

“- [...] On ne doit pas douter de la beauté des choses, même sous un ciel tortionnaire. Si tu n'es pas étonné par le chant du coq ou par la lumière au-dessus des crêtes, si tu ne crois pas en la bonté de ton âme, alors tu ne te bats plus, et c'est comme si tu étais déjà mort.
- Demain, le soleil se lèvera et on essaiera encore, a dit Prothé pour conclure.”
― Gaël Faye, Petit pays

“Once there was magic, wandering free
in roads of sky and paths of sea
and in that timeless long gone hour
words of nonsense still had power
doors still flew and birds still talked
witches grinned and giants walked
we had magic wands and magic wings
and we lost our hearts to impossible things
Unbelievable thoughts, unsensible ends
for wizards and warriors might be friends.

In a world where impossible things are true, I don't know why we forgot the spell
when we lost the way
how the forest fell
but now we are old, we can vanish too.

And I see once more the invisible track
that will lead us home and take us back
so find your wands and spread your wings
I'll sing your love of impossible things
and when you take my vanished hand, we'll both go back to that magic land
where we lost our hearts
several lifetimes ago
when we were wizards, once.”
― Cressida Cowell, The Wizards of Once

“The Dream I Dream For You, My Child
...
I hope you search for four-leaf clovers,
grin back at Cheshire moons,
breathe in the springtime breezes,
and dance with summer loons.
I hope you gaze in wide-eyed wonder
at the buzzing firefly
and rest beneath the sunlit trees
as butterflies fly by.
I hope you gather simple treasures
of pebbles, twigs, and leaves
and marvel at the fragile web
the tiny spider weaves.
I hope you read poetry and fairy tales
and sing silly, made-up songs,
and pretend to be a superhero
righting this world's wrongs.
I hope your days are filled with magic
and your nights with happy dreams,
and you grow up knowing that happiness
is found in simple things.
The dream I dream for you, my child,
as you discover, learn, and grow,
is that you find these simple joys
wherever in life you go.”
― L.R. Knost

“Though Hope be courteous and debonair, She's never certain.”
― Jean de Meun, The Romance of the Rose

“If I’m only looking at an ending, I’ll assume that an ending is all that there is. And without a doubt, that kind of assumption is the beginning of the end.”
― Craig D Lounsbrough

“The future, at least, had the advantage of not being the present, and the worse can always take a turn for the better... For, strange though it may seem, she had faith. Composed of fine organic matter, she existed. Pure and simple.”
― Clarice Lispector, The Hour of the Star

“Forgiveness isn't telling someone
it was okay to hurt you.
It's telling yourself
it’s okay to stop hurting.
It doesn’t mean you have
to trust them again.
It means you can learn
to trust yourself again.
It doesn’t mean you have to give
them a free pass back into your life.
It means you are free to
take your life back again.
Forgiveness is simply
emptying your past of its power
to empty your present of its peace.”
― L.R. Knost

“The only way to heal from the pain
of the past is to walk through that pain
in the present. It's terrifying, I know.
It feels safer to just let the pain continue
to smolder in the darkest parts of yourself.
But the dark parts need tending, too, my friend.
Don't be afraid to breathe life back into those
embers of old pain, to rekindle the fires of
unhealed hurts. The flames aren't there to burn
you. They are there to light your way through
pain to healing. You can walk through courageous
and confident or shaking in your boots. It doesn't
matter. Just walk through it. Hurt will transform
into hope, wounds into wisdom, suffering into
scars that tell of battles won and lost and of a
human who survived it all.”
― L.R. Knost

“If there is but one prayer that we should pray, it should be only this one: "Guide my hope away from all that I should not hope in and bridle my trust so that I trust in only what I can trust in. May I have a mind calm and serenely resting in the knowledge that my hope and my trust will never mislead me." A short and simple prayer, and the only one we really need to be praying.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I can live a life anticipating beginnings or survive a life dreading endings. So maybe I should begin ending the dreading.”
― Craig D Lounsbrough

“A sudden thought shocked him to the bone. I could leave Carthak when I'm a master. I'd never have to think about the games again.”
― Tamora Pierce, Tempests and Slaughter

“...and when the world tells you to lower your head and submit in silence to how things are and always will be, lift your voice instead and sing bravely of how things can and should and will be, because that song is why you are here.”
― L.R. Knost

“Sweet hours have perished here;
This is a mighty room;
Within its precincts hopes have played,—
Now shadows in the tomb.”
― Emily Dickinson, The Collected Poems of Emily Dickinson

“Every shining jewel comes from a crushing it never knew it could survive. There's good waiting for you.”
― Heather Tucker, The Clay Girl

“It all seemed so enticing, but like every other attraction along the world’s midway the greatest part of its appeal lay in those moments of anticipation. And after it was all over, the particular attraction which had once promised so much would send you on your way unrewarded, purged of your curiosity and the poorer for being so.”
― Thomas Ligotti, My Work is Not Yet Done: Three Tales of Corporate Horror

“An act of kindness does not show weakness, instead it exalts love for your brothers,sisters & humanity”
― Monica Chrisandtras Hines, Steps Of a Misguided Soul

“The degree of the darkness that we’re experiencing today is nothing more than an indicator of how bright the coming light is going to be. And if we look at it that way, does it ever really get that dark?”
― Craig D Lounsbrough

“Each time we say yes to our fears and vulnerabilities, we move closer to our hopes and strengths.”
― Lisa Irish, Grieving---The Sacred Art: Hope in the Land of Loss

“Sometimes look at life thinking... the easy way is always the wrong way and the hard way is always the right way. But yet still that doesn’t include the being patient and understanding way.”
― Jonathan Burkett

“We write in hope and faith to God.”
― Kamini Arichandran

“As night falls, let the day's troubles slip away into
the darkness and rest well knowing tomorrow
brings a new day, a new chance to do things better,
a new opportunity to make things right. And when
the new day dawns, awaken a little wiser, a little older,
a little more prepared for the future. That's simply
the pattern of life, my friends, a tapestry of light
threaded with darkness, laughter threaded with tears,
hope threaded with despair, wisdom threaded with
failure, insight threaded with regret. It's just how
we learn and grow as humans, and that's okay.
It's enough to end each day knowing we've done
our best and we'll do our best again tomorrow.”
― L.R. Knost

“This could be a cure for the very thing that could cause our extinction.”
― Jason Medina, The Manhattanville Incident: An Undead Novel

“He wanted to enslave himself in something so he could set himself free.”
― Daniel Abbott, The Concrete

“What never existed, never started and never ended. If there was no love in what you experienced, there was only an illusion, from which your future reality will gather the necessary tools to build itself for when you arrive. The ones you will be with in that reality are waiting for you and hoping that you persist until you get there.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“Uncertainties are a certainty in life.
They boost up the air of negativity that suffocates.
In such times ...
Faith is the insulation
And
Hope the oxygen.
Faith in the Universe’s loving intentions.
And
Hope in their timely fulfilment.”
― Drishti Bablani

“Sometimes you find Hope; Sometimes Hope finds you.”
― Todd Stocker

“They know death is always a danger with my job, but they put it out of their minds and hope it will never happen to the person they care about.”
― Jason Medina, The Manhattanville Incident: An Undead Novel

“With tears in my eyes, Petra Cecilia Maria Hermans”
― Petra Hermans

