“A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.”
― Elbert Hubbard

“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.”
― Socrates

“The Seven Social Sins are:

Wealth without work.
Pleasure without conscience.
Knowledge without character.
Commerce without morality.
Science without humanity.
Worship without sacrifice.
Politics without principle.


From a sermon given by Frederick Lewis Donaldson in Westminster Abbey, London, on March 20, 1925.”
― Frederick Lewis Donaldson

“Hold fast to dreams,
For if dreams die
Life is a broken-winged bird,
That cannot fly.”
― Langston Hughes

“Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”
― Albert Einstein

“I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn’t know.”
― Mark Twain

“I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.”
― Maya Angelou

“No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire.”
― L. Frank Baum, The Lost Princess of Oz

“The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.”
― John Locke

“Great minds are always feared by lesser minds.”
― Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol

“Confidence is ignorance. If you're feeling cocky, it's because there's something you don't know.”
― Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl

“I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think”
― Socrates

“The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.”
― Daniel J. Boorstin

“Knowing too much of your future is never a good thing.”
― Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief

“Jace?"
"Yeah?"
"How did you know I had Shadowhunter blood? Was there some way you could tell?"
The elevator arrived with a final groan. Jace unlatched the gate and slid it open. The inside reminded Clary of a birdcage, all black metal and decorative bits of gilt. "I guessed," he said, latching the door behind them. "It seemed like the most likely explanation."
"You guessed? You must have been pretty sure, considering you could have killed me."
He pressed a button in the wall, and the elevator lurched into action with a vibrating groan that she felt all through the bones in her feet. "I was ninety percent sure."
"I see," Clary said.
There must have been something in her voice, because he turned to look at her. Her hand cracked across his face, a slap that rocked him back on his heels. He put a hand to his cheek, more in surprise than pain. "What the hell was that for?"
The other ten percent," she said, and they rode the rest of the way down to the street in silence.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Bones

“For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson

“It is the absence of facts that frightens people: the gap you open, into which they pour their fears, fantasies, desires.”
― Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall

“Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Write what you know. That should leave you with a lot of free time.”
― Howard Nemerov

“All knowledge hurts.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Bones

“Wisdom cannot be imparted. Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else ... Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“Last night I lost the world, and gained the universe.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Doctor Who: You want weapons? We're in a library. Books are the best weapon in the world. This room's the greatest arsenal we could have. Arm yourself!

(from Tooth and Claw in Season 2)”
― Russell T. Davies

“The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.”
― Anais Nin

“I have been and still am a seeker, but I have ceased to question stars and books; I have begun to listen to the teaching my blood whispers to me.”
― Hermann Hesse, Demian: Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend

“I mean, you could claim that anything's real if the only basis for believing in it is that nobody's proved it doesn't exist!”
― J.K. Rowling

“For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“If you knew what was going to happen, if you knew everything that was going to happen next—if you knew in advance the consequences of your own actions—you'd be doomed. You'd be ruined as God. You'd be a stone. You'd never eat or drink or laugh or get out of bed in the morning. You'd never love anyone, ever again. You'd never dare to.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin

“Knowledge is power. Power to do evil...or power to do good. Power itself is not evil. So knowledge itself is not evil.”
― Veronica Roth, Allegiant

“People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“The surest way of concealing from others the boundaries of one's own knowledge is not to overstep them.”
― Giacomo Leopardi

“Inventory:

"Four be the things I am wiser to know:
Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.
Four be the things I'd been better without:
Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.
Three be the things I shall never attain:
Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.
Three be the things I shall have till I die:
Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.”
― Dorothy Parker, The Complete Poems of Dorothy Parker

“Knowledge, like air, is vital to life. Like air, no one should be denied it.”
― Alan Moore, V for Vendetta

“I have a friend who's an artist and has sometimes taken a view which I don't agree with very well. He'll hold up a flower and say "look how beautiful it is," and I'll agree. Then he says "I as an artist can see how beautiful this is but you as a scientist take this all apart and it becomes a dull thing," and I think that he's kind of nutty. First of all, the beauty that he sees is available to other people and to me too, I believe. Although I may not be quite as refined aesthetically as he is ... I can appreciate the beauty of a flower. At the same time, I see much more about the flower than he sees. I could imagine the cells in there, the complicated actions inside, which also have a beauty. I mean it's not just beauty at this dimension, at one centimeter; there's also beauty at smaller dimensions, the inner structure, also the processes. The fact that the colors in the flower evolved in order to attract insects to pollinate it is interesting; it means that insects can see the color. It adds a question: does this aesthetic sense also exist in the lower forms? Why is it aesthetic? All kinds of interesting questions which the science knowledge only adds to the excitement, the mystery and the awe of a flower. It only adds. I don't understand how it subtracts.”
― Richard P. Feynman

“It takes a very long time to become young.”
― Pablo Picasso

“Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle

“The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.”
― Robertson Davies, Tempest-Tost

“I am an atheist, out and out. It took me a long time to say it. I've been an atheist for years and years, but somehow I felt it was intellectually unrespectable to say one was an atheist, because it assumed knowledge that one didn't have. Somehow, it was better to say one was a humanist or an agnostic. I finally decided that I'm a creature of emotion as well as of reason. Emotionally, I am an atheist. I don't have the evidence to prove that God doesn't exist, but I so strongly suspect he doesn't that I don't want to waste my time.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social enviroment. Most people are incapable of forming such opinions."

(Essay to Leo Baeck, 1953)”
― Albert Einstein

“I do not pretend to be able to prove that there is no God. I equally cannot prove that Satan is a fiction. The Christian god may exist; so may the gods of Olympus, or of ancient Egypt, or of Babylon. But no one of these hypotheses is more probable than any other: they lie outside the region of even probable knowledge, and therefore there is no reason to consider any of them.”
― Bertrand Russell , Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects

“An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.”
― Benjamin Franklin, The Way to Wealth: Ben Franklin on Money and Success

“Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.”
― Alfred Lord Tennyson

“It was better to know the worst than to wonder.”
― Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind

“What is now proved was once only imagined.”
― William Blake

“Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.”
― Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers

“A little Learning is a dangerous Thing.”
― Alexander Pope

“Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.”
― Ronald E. Osborn

“The eye through which I see God is the same eye through which God sees me; my eye and God's eye are one eye, one seeing, one knowing, one love.”
― Meister Eckhart, Sermons of Meister Eckhart

“Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.”
― Charles Darwin, The Descent of Man

“Whatever in creation exists without my knowledge exists without my consent.”
― Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West

“The hardest thing of all is to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.”
― Confucius

“To learn which questions are unanswerable, and not to answer them: this skill is most needful in times of stress and darkness.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness

“Learning does not make one learned: there are those who have knowledge and those who have understanding. The first requires memory and the second philosophy.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“It is sometimes easier to be happy if you don't know everything.”
― Alexander McCall Smith, Morality for Beautiful Girls

“I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies but not the madness of people.”
― Isaac Newton

“The time will come when diligent research over long periods will bring to light things which now lie hidden. A single lifetime, even though entirely devoted to the sky, would not be enough for the investigation of so vast a subject... And so this knowledge will be unfolded only through long successive ages. There will come a time when our descendants will be amazed that we did not know things that are so plain to them... Many discoveries are reserved for ages still to come, when memory of us will have been effaced.”
― Seneca, Natural Questions

“The knowledge of all things is possible”
― Leonardo da Vinci

“You can't know, you can only believe - or not.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Remember my friend, that knowledge is stronger than memory, and we should not trust the weaker”
― Bram Stoker, Dracula

“A woman, especially if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.”
― Jane Austen

“Remember it all, every insult, every tear. Tattoo it on the inside of your mind. In life, knowledge of poisons is essential. I've told you, nobody becomes an artist unless they have to.”
― Janet Fitch

“Don't fuck with an English major. They keep lots of useless crap trapped in their heads. Once in a while they let some of it out and it bites you square on the ass.”
― P.C. Cast, Divine By Mistake

“Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.”
― Johann wolfgang von Goethe

“To know that you do not know is the best.
To think you know when you do not is a disease.
Recognizing this disease as a disease is to be free of it.”
― Lao Tzu

“I definitely learned a lesson this time. I know that I can be broken. I am not as tough as I thought. I see it now. At this point, it's the only thing good that came out of all of this. I know myself better now and know what I have to do.”
― Henry Rollins, The Portable Henry Rollins

“Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth.

[Verse 223]”
― Siddhārtha Gautama, The Dhammapada

“Doubt … is an illness that comes from knowledge and leads to madness.”
― Gustave Flaubert, Memoirs of a Madman

“Books permit us to voyage through time, to tap the wisdom of our ancestors. The library connects us with the insight and knowledge, painfully extracted from Nature, of the greatest minds that ever were, with the best teachers, drawn from the entire planet and from all our history, to instruct us without tiring, and to inspire us to make our own contribution to the collective knowledge of the human species. I think the health of our civilization, the depth of our awareness about the underpinnings of our culture and our concern for the future can all be tested by how well we support our libraries.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“What transforms this world is — knowledge. Do you see what I mean? Nothing else can change anything in this world. Knowledge alone is capable of transforming the world, while at the same time leaving it exactly as it is. When you look at the world with knowledge, you realize that things are unchangeable and at the same time are constantly being transformed.”
― Yukio Mishima, The Temple of the Golden Pavilion

“The first men to be created and formed were called the Sorcerer of Fatal Laughter, the Sorcerer of Night, Unkempt, and the Black Sorcerer … They were endowed with intelligence, they succeeded in knowing all that there is in the world. When they looked, instantly they saw all that is around them, and they contemplated in turn the arc of heaven and the round face of the earth … [Then the Creator said]: 'They know all … what shall we do with them now? Let their sight reach only to that which is near; let them see only a little of the face of the earth!… Are they not by nature simple creatures of our making? Must they also be gods?”
― Anonymous, Popol Vuh

“Information is not knowledge.”
― Albert Einstein

“I examined the poets, and I look on them as people whose talent overawes both themselves and others, people who present themselves as wise men and are taken as such, when they are nothing of the sort.

From poets, I moved to artists. No one was more ignorant about the arts than I; no one was more convinced that artists possessed really beautiful secrets. However, I noticed that their condition was no better than that of the poets and that both of them have the same misconceptions. Because the most skillful among them excel in their specialty, they look upon themselves as the wisest of men. In my eyes, this presumption completely tarnished their knowledge. As a result, putting myself in the place of the oracle and asking myself what I would prefer to be — what I was or what they were, to know what they have learned or to know that I know nothing — I replied to myself and to the god: I wish to remain who I am.

We do not know — neither the sophists, nor the orators, nor the artists, nor I— what the True, the Good, and the Beautiful are. But there is this difference between us: although these people know nothing, they all believe they know something; whereas, I, if I know nothing, at least have no doubts about it. As a result, all this superiority in wisdom which the oracle has attributed to me reduces itself to the single point that I am strongly convinced that I am ignorant of what I do not know.”
― Socrates

“Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.”
― Wil Zeus, Sun Beyond the Clouds

“Opinion is really the lowest form of human knowledge. It requires no accountability, no understanding. The highest form of knowledge… is empathy, for it requires us to suspend our egos and live in another’s world. It requires profound purpose larger than the self kind of understanding.”
― Bill Bullard

“Don't be in a hurry to condemn because he doesn't do what you do or think as you think or as fast. There was a time when you didn't know what you know today.”
― Malcolm X

“Knowledge is a treasure, but practice is the key to it.”
― Lao Tzu

“You're a hopeless romantic," said Faber. "It would be funny if it were not serious. It's not books you need, it's some of the things that once were in books. The same things could be in the 'parlor families' today. The same infinite detail and awareness could be projected through the radios, and televisors, but are not. No,no it's not books at all you're looking for! Take it where you can find it, in old phonograph records, old motion pictures, and in old friends; look for it in nature and look for it in yourself. Books were only one type or receptacle where we stored a lot of things we were afraid we might forget. There is nothing magical in them at all. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us. Of course you couldn't know this, of course you still can't understand what I mean when i say all this. You are intuitively right, that's what counts.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.
The teacher who walks in the shadow of the temple, among his followers, gives not of his wisdom but rather of his faith and his lovingness.
If he is indeed wise he does not bid you enter the house of his wisdom, but rather leads you to the threshold of your own mind.”
― Khalil Gibran, The Prophet

“And so seated next to my father in the train compartment, I suddenly asked, "Father, what is sexsin?"
He turned to look at me, as he always did when answering a question, but to my surprise he said nothing. At last he stood up, lifted his traveling case off the floor and set it on the floor.
Will you carry it off the train, Corrie?" he said.
I stood up and tugged at it. It was crammed with the watches and spare parts he had purchased that morning.
It's too heavy," I said.
Yes," he said, "and it would be a pretty poor father who would ask his little girl to carry such a load. It's the same way, Corrie, with knowledge. Some knowledge is too heavy for children. When you are older and stronger, you can bear it. For now you must trust me to carry it for you.”
― Corrie Ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom

“Because there are three classes of intellects: one which comprehends by itself; another which appreciates what others comprehend; and a third which neither comprehends by itself nor by the showing of others; the first is the most excellent, the second is good, the third is useless.”
― Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince

“The happiness of the drop is to die in the river.”
― Imam Al-Ghazali

“No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.”
― Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion

“nothing that is worth knowing can be taught”
― Oscar Wilde

“When you reach the end of what you should know, you will be at the beginning of what you should sense.”
― Kahlil Gibrán, Sand and Foam

“Popular culture is a place where pity is called compassion, flattery is called love, propaganda is called knowledge, tension is called peace, gossip is called news, and auto-tune is called singing.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“We now know the basic rules governing the universe, together with the gravitational interrelationships of its gross components, as shown in the theory of relativity worked out between 1905 and 1916. We also know the basic rules governing the subatomic particles and their interrelationships, since these are very neatly described by the quantum theory worked out between 1900 and 1930. What's more, we have found that the galaxies and clusters of galaxies are the basic units of the physical universe, as discovered between 1920 and 1930.

...The young specialist in English Lit, having quoted me, went on to lecture me severely on the fact that in every century people have thought they understood the universe at last, and in every century they were proved to be wrong. It follows that the one thing we can say about our modern 'knowledge' is that it is wrong...

My answer to him was, when people thought the Earth was flat, they were wrong. When people thought the Earth was spherical they were wrong. But if you think that thinking the Earth is spherical is just as wrong as thinking the Earth is flat, then your view is wronger than both of them put together.

The basic trouble, you see, is that people think that 'right' and 'wrong' are absolute; that everything that isn't perfectly and completely right is totally and equally wrong.

However, I don't think that's so. It seems to me that right and wrong are fuzzy concepts, and I will devote this essay to an explanation of why I think so.

When my friend the English literature expert tells me that in every century scientists think they have worked out the universe and are always wrong, what I want to know is how wrong are they? Are they always wrong to the same degree?”
― Isaac Asimov

“Then why do you want to know?"

"Because learning does not consist only of knowing what we must or we can do, but also of knowing what we could do and perhaps should not do.”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the latter ignorance.”
― Hippocrates

“A little learning is a dangerous thing.
Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian Spring;
There shallow draughts intoxicate the brain,
and drinking largely sobers us again.”
― Alexander Pope, An Essay On Criticism

“Life is like a game of chess.
To win you have to make a move.
Knowing which move to make comes with IN-SIGHT
and knowledge, and by learning the lessons that are
acculated along the way.

We become each and every piece within the game called life!”
― Allan Rufus, The Master's Sacred Knowledge

“Belief can be manipulated. Only knowledge is dangerous.”
― Frank Herbert

“I had to deny knowledge in order to make room for faith.”
― Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason

“The power of human thought grows exponentially with the number of minds that share that thought.”
― Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol

“That is just the way with some people. They get down on a thing when they don’t know nothing about it.”
― Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn

“Let us tenderly and kindly cherish therefore, the means of knowledge. Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write .”
― John Adams, The Works Of John Adams, Second President Of The United States

“Belief is the wound that knowledge heals.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling

“You can only be afraid of what you think you know.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti

“Our feelings are our most genuine paths to knowledge.”
― Audre Lorde

“Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.”
― Plato, The Republic

“Her reputation for reading a great deal hung about her like the cloudy envelope of a goddess in an epic.”
― Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady

“To light a candle is to cast a shadow...”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea

“All men by nature desire knowledge.”
― Aristotle, On Man in the Universe

“Very few beings really seek knowledge in this world. Mortal or immortal, few really ask. On the contrary, they try to wring from the unknown the answers they have already shaped in their own minds -- justifications, confirmations, forms of consolation without which they can't go on. To really ask is to open the door to the whirlwind. The answer may annihilate the question and the questioner.”
― Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat

“The truth is like salt. Men want to taste a little, but too much makes everyone sick.”
― Joe Abercrombie, The Heroes

“Do not repeat after me words that you do not understand. Do not merely put on a mask of my ideas, for it will be an illusion and you will thereby deceive yourself.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti

“Small minds have always lashed out at what they don't understand.”
― Dan Brown

“Do not think of knocking out another person's brains because he differs in opinion from you. It would be as rational to knock yourself on the head because you differ from yourself ten years ago.”
― Horace Mann

“All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.”
― immanuel kant, Critique of Pure Reason

“He was twenty. I remembered twenty. I'd known everything at twenty. It took me another year to realize I knew nothing. I was still hoping to learn something before I hit thirty, but I wasn't holding my breath.”
― Laurell K. Hamilton, Circus of the Damned

“The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century

“The significance of our lives and our fragile planet is then determined only by our own wisdom and courage. We are the custodians of life's meaning. We long for a Parent to care for us, to forgive us our errors, to save us from our childish mistakes. But knowledge is preferable to ignorance. Better by far to embrace the hard truth than a reassuring fable. If we crave some cosmic purpose, then let us find ourselves a worthy goal.”
― Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space

“Knowing was a temptation. What you don't know won't tempt you.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale

“Philosophy ... is a science, and as such has no articles of faith; accordingly, in it nothing can be assumed as existing except what is either positively given empirically, or demonstrated through indubitable conclusions.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena

“Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.”
― Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays

“You differ from a great man in only one respect: the great man was once a very little man, but he developed one important quality: he recognized the smallness and narrowness of his thoughts and actions. Under the pressure of some task that meant a great deal to him, he learned to see how his smallness, his pettiness endangered his happiness. In other words, a great man knows when and in what way he is a little man. A little man does not know he is little and is afraid to know. He hides his pettiness and narrowness behind illusions of strength and greatness, someone else's strength and greatness. He's proud of his great generals but not of himself. He admires an idea he has not had, not one he has had. The less he understands something, the more firmly he believes in it. And the better he understands an idea, the less he believes in it.”
― Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!

“To learn is not to know; there are the learners and the learned. Memory makes the one, philosophy the others.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“I thought to myself: I am wiser than this man; neither of us probably knows anything that is really good, but he thinks he has knowledge, when he has not, while I, having no knowledge, do not think I have.”
― Plato, Apology

“Faith, n. Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.”
― Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary

“Scientia potentia est.

Knowledge is power.”
― Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan

“The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.”
― James Madison

“Properly, we should read for power. Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.”
― Ezra Pound

“I have always thirsted for knowledge, I have always been full of questions.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“How little we know of what there is to know. I wish that I were going to live a long time instead of going to die today because I have learned much about life in these four days; more, I think than in all other time. I'd like to be an old man to really know. I wonder if you keep on learning or if there is only a certain amount each man can understand. I thought I knew so many things that I know nothing of. I wish there was more time.”
― Ernest Hemingway, For Whom The Bell Tolls

“Well, knowledge is a fine thing, and mother Eve thought so; but she smarted so severely for hers, that most of her daughters have been afraid of it since. ”
― Abigail Adams

“The greatest mistake of the movement has been trying to organize a sleeping people around specific goals. You have to wake the people up first, then you'll get action.”
― Malcolm X, Malcolm X Speaks: Selected Speeches and Statements

“All knowledge that is about human society, and not about the natural world, is historical knowledge, and therefore rests upon judgment and interpretation. This is not to say that facts or data are nonexistent, but that facts get their importance from what is made of them in interpretation… for interpretations depend very much on who the interpreter is, who he or she is addressing, what his or her purpose is, at what historical moment the interpretation takes place.”
― Edward Said

“The size and age of the Cosmos are beyond ordinary human understanding. Lost somewhere between immensity and eternity is our tiny planetary home. In a cosmic perspective, most human concerns seem insignificant, even petty. And yet our species is young and curious and brave and shows much promise. In the last few millennia we have made the most astonishing and unexpected discoveries about the Cosmos and our place within it, explorations that are exhilarating to consider. They remind us that humans have evolved to wonder, that understanding is a joy, that knowledge is prerequisite to survival. I believe our future depends on how well we know this Cosmos in which we float like a mote of dust in the morning sky.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“I know that the molecules in my body are traceable to phenomena in the cosmos. That makes me want to grab people on the street and say: ‘Have you HEARD THIS?”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson

“Knowledge is a weapon. I intend to be formidably armed.”
― Terry Goodkind

“I think a lot of psychopaths are just geniuses who drove so fast that they lost control.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Knowledge grows exponentially. The more we know, the greater our ability to learn, and the faster we expand our knowledge base.”
― Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol

“I don't pretend to know everything; I just only speak on matters I know I'll win.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“...What I have denied and what my reason compels me to deny, is the existence of a Being throned above us as a god, directing our mundane affairs in detail, regarding us as individuals, punishing us, rewarding us as human judges might.

When the churches learn to take this rational view of things, when they become true schools of ethics and stop teaching fables, they will be more effective than they are to-day... If they would turn all that ability to teaching this one thing – the fact that honesty is best, that selfishness and lies of any sort must surely fail to produce happiness – they would accomplish actual things. Religious faiths and creeds have greatly hampered our development. They have absorbed and wasted some fine intellects. That creeds are getting to be less and less important to the average mind with every passing year is a good sign, I think, although I do not wish to talk about what is commonly called theology.

The criticisms which have been hurled at me have not worried me. A man cannot control his beliefs. If he is honest in his frank expression of them, that is all that can in justice be required of him. Professor Thomson and a thousand others do not in the least agree with me. His criticism of me, as I read it, charged that because I doubted the soul’s immortality, or ‘personality,’ as he called it, my mind must be abnormal, ‘pathological,’ in other, words, diseased... I try to say exactly what I honestly believe to be the truth, and more than that no man can do. I honestly believe that creedists have built up a mighty structure of inaccuracy, based, curiously, on those fundamental truths which I, with every honest man, must not alone admit but earnestly acclaim.

I have been working on the same lines for many years. I have tried to go as far as possible toward the bottom of each subject I have studied. I have not reached my conclusions through study of traditions; I have reached them through the study of hard fact. I cannot see that unproved theories or sentiment should be permitted to have influence in the building of conviction upon matters so important. Science proves its theories or it rejects them. I have never seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious theories of heaven and hell, of future life for individuals, or of a personal God. I earnestly believe that I am right; I cannot help believing as I do... I cannot accept as final any theory which is not provable. The theories of the theologians cannot be proved. Proof, proof! That is what I always have been after; that is what my mind requires before it can accept a theory as fact. Some things are provable, some things disprovable, some things are doubtful. All the problems which perplex us, now, will, soon or late, be solved, and solved beyond a question through scientific investigation. The thing which most impresses me about theology is that it does not seem to be investigating. It seems to be asserting, merely, without actual study.

...Moral teaching is the thing we need most in this world, and many of these men could be great moral teachers if they would but give their whole time to it, and to scientific search for the rock-bottom truth, instead of wasting it upon expounding theories of theology which are not in the first place firmly based. What we need is search for fundamentals, not reiteration of traditions born in days when men knew even less than we do now.

[Columbian Magazine interview]”
― Thomas A. Edison

“I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure — that is all that agnosticism means.”
― Clarence Darrow

“The relation between what we see and what we know is never settled. Each evening we see the sun set. We know that the earth is turning away from it. Yet the knowledge, the explanation, never quite fits the sight.”
― John Berger, Ways of Seeing

“It's funny. No matter how hard you try, you can't close your heart forever. And the minute you open it up, you never know what's going to come in. But when it does, you just have to go for it! Because if you don't, there's not point in being here.”
― Kirstie Alley

“She was heartily ashamed of her ignorance - a misplaced shame. Where people wish to attach, they should always be ignorant. To come with a well−informed mind is to come with an inability of administering to the vanity of others, which a sensible person would always wish to avoid. A woman especially, if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.”
― Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey

“Life is like a sandwich!

Birth as one slice,
and death as the other.
What you put in-between
the slices is up to you.

Is your sandwich tasty or sour?
Allan Rufus.org”
― Allan Rufus

“I set out to discover the why of it, and to transform my pleasure into knowledge.”
― Charles Baudelaire

“Herein lies the tragedy of the age: not that men are poor, — all men know something of poverty; not that men are wicked, — who is good? not that men are ignorant, — what is Truth? Nay, but that men know so little of men.”
― W. E. B. DuBois, The Souls of Black Folk

“We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on.”
― Richard P. Feynman

“Those who wish to seek out the cause of miracles and to understand the things of nature as philosophers, and not to stare at them in astonishment like fools, are soon considered heretical and impious, and proclaimed as such by those whom the mob adores as the interpreters of nature and the gods. For these men know that, once ignorance is put aside, that wonderment would be taken away, which is the only means by which their authority is preserved.”
― Baruch De Spinoza, Ethics

“When learning is purposeful, creativity blossoms. When creativity blossoms, thinking emanates. When thinking emanates, knowledge is fully lit. When knowledge is lit, economy flourishes.”
― A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, Indomitable Spirit

“The true birthplace is that wherein for the first time one looks intelligently upon oneself; my first homelands have been books, and to a lesser degree schools.”
― Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian

“A baby has brains, but it doesn't know much. Experience is the only thing that brings knowledge, and the longer you are on earth the more experience you are sure to get.”
― L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz

“Education doesn’t make you happy. Nor does freedom. We don’t become happy just because we’re free – if we are. Or because we’ve been educated – if we have. But because education may be the means by which we realize we are happy. It opens our eyes, our ears, tells us where delights are lurking, convinces us that there is only one freedom of any importance whatsoever, that of the mind, and gives us the assurance – the confidence – to walk the path our mind, our educated mind, offers.”
― Iris Murdoch

“Knowledge is a tool, and like all tools, its impact is in the hands of the user.”
― Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol

“You know, it's pretty easy reading this book to see why I was angry and confused for all those years. I lived my life being told different stories: some true, some lies and I still don't know which is which. Children are born innocent. At birth we are very much like a new hard drive - no viruses, no bad information, no crap that's been downloaded into it yet. It's what we feed into that hard drive, or in my case "head drive" that starts the corruption of the files.”
― Nikki Sixx, The Heroin Diaries: A Year in the Life of a Shattered Rock Star

“Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.”
― Samuel Johnson, The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia

“Dr. Watson's summary list of Sherlock Holmes's strengths and weaknesses:

"1. Knowledge of Literature: Nil.
2. Knowledge of Philosophy: Nil.
3. Knowledge of Astronomy: Nil.
4. Knowledge of Politics: Feeble.
5. Knowledge of Botany: Variable. Well up in belladonna, opium, and poisons generally. Knows nothing of practical gardening.
6. Knowledge of Geology: Practical but limited. Tells at a glance different soils from each other. After walks has shown me splashes upon his trousers, and told me by their colour and consistence in what part of London he had received them.
7. Knowledge of Chemistry: Profound.
8. Knowledge of Anatomy: Accurate but unsystematic.
9. Knowledge of Sensational Literature: Immense. He appears to know every detail of every horror perpetrated in the century.
10. Plays the violin well.
11. Is an expert singlestick player, boxer, and swordsman.
12. Has a good practical knowledge of British law.”
― Arthur Conan Doyle, A Study in Scarlet

“The problems are solved, not by giving new information, but by arranging what we have known since long.”
― Ludwig Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations

“The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.”
― Carl R. Rogers

“What an author doesn't know could fill a book.”
― Holly Black, Lucinda's Secret

“It is an infantile superstition of the human spirit that virginity would be thought a virtue and not the barrier that separates ignorance from knowledge.”
― Voltaire

“She said we all not only could know everything. We do. We just tell ourselves we don't to make it all bearable.”
― Neil Gaiman, Brief Lives

“The only defense against the world is a thorough knowledge of it.”
― John Locke, Some Thoughts Concerning Education

“Habit is the intersection of knowledge (what to do), skill (how to do), and desire (want to do).”
― Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change

“No one knows anything, really. It's all rented, or borrowed.”
― Ian McEwan

“All sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of Experience, the mother of all Knowledge.”
― Leonardo da Vinci, Leonardo's Notebooks

“Humor can get in under the door while seriousness is still fumbling at the handle.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“Valuing knowledge above all else results in a lust for power, and that leads men into dark and empty places.”
― Veronica Roth, Divergent

“True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge, but the refusal to acquire it.”
― Karl R. Popper

“....a good book can teach you about the world and about yourself. You learn more than how to read better; you also learn more about life. You become wiser. Not just more knowledgeable - books that provide nothing but information can produce that result. But wiser, in the sense that you are more deeply aware of the great and enduring truths of human life.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“They trespassed upon my thoughts. They were intruders whose knowledge of life was to me an irritating pretense, because I felt so sure they could not possibly know the things I knew. Their bearing, which was simply the bearing of commonplace individuals going about their business in the assurance of perfect safety, was offensive to me like the outrageous flauntings of folly in the face of a danger it is unable to comprehend. I had no particular desire to enlighten them, but I had some difficulty in restraining myself from laughing in their faces, so full of stupid importance.”
― Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness

“There is but one coward on earth, and that is the coward that dare not know.”
― W.E.B. DuBois, Dusk of Dawn

“Quiet people always know more than they seem. Although very normal, their inner world is by default fronted mysterious and therefore assumed weird. Never underestimate the social awareness and sense of reality in a quiet person; they are some of the most observant, absorbent persons of all.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“I don't fancy colors of the face, I'm always attracted to colors of the brain.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“So runs my dream, but what am I?
An infant crying in the night
An infant crying for the light
And with no language but a cry.”
― Lord Alfred Tennyson, In Memoriam

“Interviewer: Didn't Sagan want to believe?
Druyan: he didn't want to believe. he wanted to know.”
― Ann Druyan

“Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know—and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance. It is better to know—even if the knowledge endures only for the moment that comes before destruction—than to gain eternal life at the price of a dull and swinish lack of comprehension of a universe that swirls unseen before us in all its wonder. That was the choice of Achilles, and it is mine, too.”
― Isaac Asimov

“People think that epilepsy is divine simply because they don't have any idea what causes epilepsy. But I believe that someday we will understand what causes epilepsy, and at that moment, we will cease to believe that it's divine. And so it is with everything in the universe”
― Hippocrates

“Until every soul is freely permitted to investigate every book, and creed, and dogma for itself, the world cannot be free. Mankind will be enslaved until there is mental grandeur enough to allow each man to have his thought and say. This earth will be a paradise when men can, upon all these questions differ, and yet grasp each other's hands as friends. It is amazing to me that a difference of opinion upon subjects that we know nothing with certainty about, should make us hate, persecute, and despise each other. Why a difference of opinion upon predestination, or the trinity, should make people imprison and burn each other seems beyond the comprehension of man; and yet in all countries where Christians have existed, they have destroyed each other to the exact extent of their power. Why should a believer in God hate an atheist? Surely the atheist has not injured God, and surely he is human, capable of joy and pain, and entitled to all the rights of man. Would it not be far better to treat this atheist, at least, as well as he treats us?

Christians tell me that they love their enemies, and yet all I ask is—not that they love their enemies, not that they love their friends even, but that they treat those who differ from them, with simple fairness.

We do not wish to be forgiven, but we wish Christians to so act that we will not have to forgive them. If all will admit that all have an equal right to think, then the question is forever solved; but as long as organized and powerful churches, pretending to hold the keys of heaven and hell, denounce every person as an outcast and criminal who thinks for himself and denies their authority, the world will be filled with hatred and suffering. To hate man and worship God seems to be the sum of all the creeds.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses

“To force oneself to believe and to accept a thing without understanding is political, and not spiritual or intellectual.”
― Siddhārtha Gautama

“His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even... knowledge, was foolproof.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix

“Words define us,' Mom continued, as I struggled to make my clumsy marks look like her elegant script. 'We must protect our knowledge and pass it on whenever we can. If we are ever to become a society again, we must teach others how to remain human.”
― Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules

“The common man prays, 'I want a cookie right now!' And God responds, 'If you'd listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.”
― Thomas Carlyle

“Poetry and art and knowledge are sacred and pure.”
― George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss

“When you have wisdom that another person knows that he needs, you give it freely. But when the other person doesn't yet know that he needs your wisdom you keep it to yourself. Food only looks good to a hungry man.”
― Orson Scott Card, Xenocide

“Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.”
― Gertrude Stein

“Share your knowledge. It is a way to achieve immortality.”
― Dalai Lama XIV

“New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Breakfast of Champions

“We are students of words: we are shut up in schools, and colleges, and recitation -rooms, for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a bag of wind, a memory of words, and do not know a thing.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays Including Essays, First & Second Series, English Traits, Nature & Considerations by the Way

“Give me the storm and tempest of thought and action, rather than the dead calm of ignorance and faith! Banish me from Eden when you will; but first let me eat of the fruit of the tree of knowledge!”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, The Works Of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. Iii

“You could give Aristotle a tutorial. And you could thrill him to the core of his being. Aristotle was an encyclopedic polymath, an all time intellect. Yet not only can you know more than him about the world. You also can have a deeper understanding of how everything works. Such is the privilege of living after Newton, Darwin, Einstein, Planck, Watson, Crick and their colleagues.

I'm not saying you're more intelligent than Aristotle, or wiser. For all I know, Aristotle's the cleverest person who ever lived. That's not the point. The point is only that science is cumulative, and we live later.”
― Richard Dawkins

“Poets utter great and wise things which they do not themselves understand.”
― Plato

“I don't understand a thing about this world: about people, and why they do the things they do. The more I find out, the more I uncover, the more I know, the less I understand.”
― Craig Silvey, Jasper Jones

“Nobody is smarter than you are. And what if they are? What good is their understanding doing you?”
― Terence McKenna

“These people have learned not from books, but in the fields, in the wood, on the river bank. Their teachers have been the birds themselves, when they sang to them, the sun when it left a glow of crimson behind it at setting, the very trees, and wild herbs.”
― Anton Chekhov

“Knowledge is a better weapon than a sword.”
― Patricia Briggs, Raven's Shadow

“Religion can never reform mankind because religion is slavery. It is far better to be free, to leave the forts and barricades of fear, to stand erect and face the future with a smile. It is far better to give yourself sometimes to negligence, to drift with wave and tide, with the blind force of the world, to think and dream, to forget the chains and limitations of the breathing life, to forget purpose and object, to lounge in the picture gallery of the brain, to feel once more the clasps and kisses of the past, to bring life's morning back, to see again the forms and faces of the dead, to paint fair pictures for the coming years, to forget all Gods, their promises and threats, to feel within your veins life's joyous stream and hear the martial music, the rhythmic beating of your fearless heart. And then to rouse yourself to do all useful things, to reach with thought and deed the ideal in your brain, to give your fancies wing, that they, like chemist bees, may find art's nectar in the weeds of common things, to look with trained and steady eyes for facts, to find the subtle threads that join the distant with the now, to increase knowledge, to take burdens from the weak, to develop the brain, to defend the right, to make a palace for the soul. This is real religion. This is real worship”
― Robert Green Ingersoll, The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. IV

“Nothing can illustrate these observations more forcibly, than a recollection of the happy conjuncture of times and circumstances, under which our Republic assumed its rank among the Nations; The foundation of our Empire was not laid in the gloomy age of Ignorance and Superstition, but at an Epoch when the rights of mankind were better understood and more clearly defined, than at any former period, the researches of the human mind, after social happiness, have been carried to a great extent, the Treasures of knowledge, acquired by the labours of Philosophers, Sages and Legislatures, through a long succession of years, are laid open for our use, and their collected wisdom may be happily applied in the Establishment of our forms of Government; the free cultivation of Letters, the unbounded extension of Commerce, the progressive refinement of Manners, the growing liberality of sentiment... have had a meliorating influence on mankind and increased the blessings of Society. At this auspicious period, the United States came into existence as a Nation, and if their Citizens should not be completely free and happy, the fault will be entirely their own.

[Circular to the States, 8 June 1783 - Writings 26:484--89]”
― George Washington, Writings

“I only know that I know nothing”
― Socrates

“We are always falling in love or quarreling, looking for jobs or fearing to lose them, getting ill and recovering, following public affairs. If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. The only people who achieve much are those who want knowledge so badly that they seek it while the conditions are still unfavorable. Favorable conditions never come.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory

“Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?”
― T.S. Eliot, The Rock

“Knowledge kills action; action requires the veils of illusion.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy

“Only two kinds of people can attain self-knowledge: those who are not encumbered at all with learning, that is to say, whose minds are not over-crowded with thoughts borrowed from others; and those who, after studying all the scriptures and sciences, have come to realise that they know nothing.”
― Sri Ramakrishna, Sayings of Sri Ramakrishna

“Science, my boy, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth.”
― Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth

“And a new philosophy emerged called quantum physics, which suggest that the individual’s function is to inform and be informed. You really exist only when you’re in a field sharing and exchanging information. You create the realities you inhabit.”
― Timothy Leary, Chaos & Cyber Culture

“But need alone is not enough to set power free: there must be knowledge.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea

“Many much-learned men have no intelligence.”
― Democritus

“Darkness feeds on apathy.”
― Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol

“Alas, how terrible is wisdom
when it brings no profit to the man that's wise!
This I knew well, but had forgotten it,
else I would not have come here.”
― Sophocles, Oedipus Rex

“The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.”
― Isaac Asimov

“I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“The night before brain surgery, I thought about death. I searched out my larger values, and I asked myself, if I was going to die, did I want to do it fighting and clawing or in peaceful surrender? What sort of character did I hope to show? Was I content with myself and what I had done with my life so far? I decided that I was essentially a good person, although I could have been better--but at the same time I understood that the cancer didn't care.

I asked myself what I believed. I had never prayed a lot. I hoped hard, I wished hard, but I didn't pray. I had developed a certain distrust of organized religion growing up, but I felt I had the capacity to be a spiritual person, and to hold some fervent beliefs. Quite simply, I believed I had a responsibility to be a good person, and that meant fair, honest, hardworking, and honorable. If I did that, if I was good to my family, true to my friends, if I gave back to my community or to some cause, if I wasn't a liar, a cheat, or a thief, then I believed that should be enough. At the end of the day, if there was indeed some Body or presence standing there to judge me, I hoped I would be judged on whether I had lived a true life, not on whether I believed in a certain book, or whether I'd been baptized. If there was indeed a God at the end of my days, I hoped he didn't say, 'But you were never a Christian, so you're going the other way from heaven.' If so, I was going to reply, 'You know what? You're right. Fine.'

I believed, too, in the doctors and the medicine and the surgeries--I believed in that. I believed in them. A person like Dr. Einhorn [his oncologist], that's someone to believe in, I thought, a person with the mind to develop an experimental treatment 20 years ago that now could save my life. I believed in the hard currency of his intelligence and his research.

Beyond that, I had no idea where to draw the line between spiritual belief and science. But I knew this much: I believed in belief, for its own shining sake. To believe in the face of utter hopelessness, every article of evidence to the contrary, to ignore apparent catastrophe--what other choice was there? We do it every day, I realized. We are so much stronger than we imagine, and belief is one of the most valiant and long-lived human characteristics. To believe, when all along we humans know that nothing can cure the briefness of this life, that there is no remedy for our basic mortality, that is a form of bravery.

To continue believing in yourself, believing in the doctors, believing in the treatment, believing in whatever I chose to believe in, that was the most important thing, I decided. It had to be.

Without belief, we would be left with nothing but an overwhelming doom, every single day. And it will beat you. I didn't fully see, until the cancer, how we fight every day against the creeping negatives of the world, how we struggle daily against the slow lapping of cynicism. Dispiritedness and disappointment, these were the real perils of life, not some sudden illness or cataclysmic millennium doomsday. I knew now why people fear cancer: because it is a slow and inevitable death, it is the very definition of cynicism and loss of spirit.

So, I believed.”
― Lance Armstrong, It's Not about the Bike: My Journey Back to Life

“Knowledge always has the potential to be dangerous. It is a more powerful weapon than any sword or spell.”
― Margaret Rogerson, Sorcery of Thorns

“He who cannot draw on three thousand years is living from hand to mouth.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“Acquiring wisdom is great but it is not the goal, applying it is.”
― idowu koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Learn to distinguish the difference between errors of knowledge and breaches of morality. An error of knowledge is not a moral flaw, provided you are willing to correct it; only a mystic would judge human beings by the standard of an impossible, automatic omniscience. But a breach of morality is the conscious choice of an action you know to be evil, or a willful evasion of knowledge, a suspension of sight and of thought. That which you do not know, is not a moral charge against you; but that which you refuse to know, is an account of infamy growing in your soul. Make every allowance for errors of knowledge; do not forgive or accept any break of morality.”
― Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged

“Timendi causa est nescire -
Ignorance is the cause of fear.”
― Lucius Annaeus Seneca, Natural Questions

“Would you like to know your future?

If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator.

So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“Knowledge is the ultimate weapon. It always has been.”
― Jim Butcher, White Night

“Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in Eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.”
― Voltaire

“Know what you are talking about.”
― Pope John Paul II

“Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods."

[Preface to Brissot's Address to His Constituents (1794)]”
― Edmund Burke, On Empire, Liberty, and Reform: Speeches and Letters

“Ipsa scientia potestas est.

Knowledge itself is power.”
― Francis Bacon, Meditations Sacrae and Human Philosophy Meditations Sacrae and Human Philosophy

“I believe in intuition and inspiration. Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution. It is, strictly speaking, a real factor in scientific research.”
― Albert Einstein, On Cosmic Religion and Other Opinions and Aphorisms

“Beware you be not swallowed up in books! An ounce of love is worth a pound of knowledge.”
― John Wesley, Letters of John Wesley

“We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine.”
― H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy

“Either we shall find what it is we are seeking or at least we shall free ourselves from the persuasion that we know what we do not know.”
― Plato, The Republic

“We understand more than we know.”
― Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake

“A teacher who cannot explain any abstract subject to a child does not himself thoroughly understand his subject; if he does not attempt to break down his knowledge to fit the child's mind, he does not understand teaching.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Life is Worth Living

“Only a blind man can easily define what light is. When you do not know, you are bold. Ignorance is always bold; knowledge hesitates. And the more you know, the more you feel that the ground underneath is dissolving. The more you know, the more you feel how ignorant you are.”
― Osho, The Book of Secrets

“In America, everyone is entitled to an opinion, and it is certainly useful to have a few when a pollster shows up. But these are opinions of a quite different roder from eighteenth- or nineteenth-century opinions. It is probably more accurate to call them emotions rather than opinions, which would account for the fact that they change from week to week, as the pollsters tell us. What is happening here is that television is altering the meaning of 'being informed' by creating a species of information that might properly be called disinformation. I am using this world almost in the precise sense in which it is used by spies in the CIA or KGB. Disinformation does not mean false information. It means misleading information--misplace, irrelevant, fragmented or superficial information--information that creates the illusion of knowing something but which in fact leads one away from knowing. In saying this, I do not mean to imply that television news deliberately aims to deprive Americans of a coherent, contextual understanding of their world. I mean to say that when news is packaged as entertainment, that is the inevitable result. And in saying that the television news show entertains but does not inform, I am saying something far more serious than that we are being deprived of authentic information. I am saying we are losing our sense of what it means to be well informed. Ignorance is always correctable. But what shall we do if we take ignorance to be knowledge?”
― Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business

“Anna's eyes soften, and the stubborn tears begin to recede. The way she stands, the way she breathes, I know she wants to come closer. New knowledge fills up the air between us and neither of us wants to breathe it in.”
― Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood

“A lover exists only in fragments, a dozen or so if the romance is new, a thousand if we're married to him, and out of those fragments our heart constructs an entire person. What we each create, since whatever is missing is filled by our imagination, is the person we wish him to be. The less we know him, of course, the more we love him. And that's why we always remember that first rapturous night when he was a stranger, and why this rapture returns only when he's dead.”
― Andrew Sean Greer, The Story of a Marriage

“If you do not know where you come from, then you don't know where you are, and if you don't know where you are, then you don't know where you're going. And if you don't know where you're going, you're probably going wrong.”
― Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight

“I am too much of a skeptic to deny the possibility of anything.”
― Thomas Henry Huxley, Life and Letters of Thomas Henry Huxley

“He had come to that moment in his age when there occurred to him, with increasing intensity, a question of such overwhelming simplicity that he had no means to face it. He found himself wondering if his life were worth the living; if it had ever been. It was a question, he suspected, that came to all men at one time or another; he wondered if it came to them with such impersonal force as it came to him. The question brought with it a sadness, but it was a general sadness which (he thought) had little to do with himself or with his particular fate; he was not even sure that the question sprang from the most immediate and obvious causes, from what his own life had become. It came, he believed, from the accretion of his years, from the density of accident and circumstance, and from what he had come to understand of them. He took a grim and ironic pleasure from the possibility that what little learning he had managed to acquire had led him to this knowledge: that in the long run all things, even the learning that let him know this, were futile and empty, and at last diminished into a nothingness they did not alter.”
― John Williams, Stoner

“Science replaces private prejudice with public, verifiable evidence.”
― Richard Dawkins

“Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain.”
― Carl Gustav Jung

“It is said there are flowers that bloom only once in a hundred years. Why should there not be some that bloom once in a thousand, in ten thousand years? Perhaps we never know about them simply because this "once in a thousand years" has come today.”
― Zamyatin, We

“We all suffer under a curse, the curse that we know more than we can endure, and there is nothing, absolutely nothing we can do about the force and the lure of this knowledge.”
― Anne Rice, Vittorio, The Vampire

“Let my body dwell in poverty, and my hands be as the hands of the toiler; but let my soul be as a temple of remembrance where the treasures of knowledge enter and the inner sanctuary is hope.”
― George Eliot, Daniel Deronda

“Are you really surprised by the endurance of religion? What ideology is likely to be more durable than one that conforms, at every turn, to our powers of wishful thinking? Hope is easy; knowledge is hard. Science is the one domain in which we human beings make a truly heroic effort to counter our innate biases and wishful thinking. Science is the one endeavor in which we have developed a refined methodology for separating what a person hopes is true from what he has good reason to believe. The methodology isn't perfect, and the history of science is riddled with abject failures of scientific objectivity. But that is just the point-these have been failures of science, discovered and corrected by-what, religion? No, by good science.”
― Sam Harris

“The true value of man is not determined by his possession, supposed or real, of Truth, but rather by his sincere exertion to get to the Truth. It is not possession of Truth by which he extends his powers and in which his ever-growing perfectability is to be found. Possession makes one passive, indolent and proud. If God were to hold all Truth concealed in his right hand, and in his left only the steady and diligent drive for Truth, albeit with the proviso that I would always and forever err in the process, and to offer me the choice, I would with all humility take the left hand. ”
― Gotthold Lessing

“I am blind and limited. I would be a fool think myself wise. And so, not knowing what the universe means, I can only try to be responsible with the knowledge, the strength, and the time given to me. I must be true to my heart.”
― Jim Butcher, Death Masks

“Knowledge that is acquired
is not like this. Those who have it worry if
audiences like it or not.
It's a bait for popularity.
Disputational knowing wants customers.
It has no soul...
The only real customer is God.
Chew quietly
your sweet sugarcane God-Love, and stay
playfully childish.”
― Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi, The Essential Rumi

“You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.”
― William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell

“To acquire knowledge, one must study;
but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.”
― Marilyn vos Savant

“Knowledge exists potentially in the human soul like the seed in the soil; by learning the potential becomes actual.”
― Imam Al-Ghazali

“Peace does not mean an absence of conflicts; differences will always be there. Peace means solving these differences through peaceful means; through dialogue, education, knowledge; and through humane ways.”
― Dalai Lama

“To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.”
― Nicolaus Copernicus

“The barrier during self-improvement is not so much that we hate learning, rather we hate being taught. To learn entails that the knowledge was achieved on one's own accord - it feels great - but to be taught often leaves a feeling of inferiority. Thus it takes a bit of determination and a lot of humility in order for one to fully develop.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Ah, child and youth, if you knew the bliss which resides in the taste of knowledge, and the evil and ugliness that lies in ignorance, how well you are advised to not complain of the pain and labor of learning.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies

“Despite my firm convictions, I have been always a man who tries to face facts, and to accept the reality of life as new experience and new knowledge unfolds it. I have always kept an open mind, which is necessary to the flexibility that must go hand in hand with every form of intelligent search for truth.”
― Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X

“There is no such uncertainty as a sure thing.”
― Robert Burns, Collected Poems of Robert Burns

“And last are the few whose delight is in meditation and understanding; who yearn not for goods, nor for victory, but for knowledge; who leave both market and battlefield to lose themselves in the quiet clarity of secluded thought; whose will is a light rather than a fire, whose haven is not power but truth: these are the men of wisdom, who stand aside unused by the world.”
― Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers

“When walking alone in a jungle of true darkness,
there are three things that can show you the way:
instinct to survive, the knowledge of navigation,
creative imagination. Without them, you are lost.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his subject, and how to avoid them.”
― Werner Heisenberg

“Do you know that even when you look at a tree and say, `That is an oak tree', or `that is a banyan tree', the naming of the tree, which is botanical knowledge, has so conditioned your mind that the word comes between you and actually seeing the tree? To come in contact with the tree you have to put your hand on it and the word will not help you to touch it.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known

“I see... the way you're always searching. How much you hate anything fake or phony. How you're older than your years, but still... playful, like a little girl. How you're always looking into people, or wondering what they see when they look back at you. Your eyes. It's all in the eyes.”
― Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You

“You can never know everything. Part of what you know is always wrong. Perhaps the most important part. A portion of wisdom lies in knowing that. A portion of knowledge lies in going on anyway.”
― Robert Jordan

“The truth is always something that is told, not something that is known. If there were no speaking or writing, there would be no truth about anything. There would only be what is.”
― Susan Sontag, The Benefactor

“The dead know everything but they don't give a damn.”
― Joanne Harris, Runemarks

“Opinion is usually something which people have when they lack comprehensive information.”
― Idries Shah, Reflections

“I had given up some youth for knowledge, but my gain was more valuable than the loss”
― Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings

“There is no one way to salvation, whatever the manner in which a man may proceed. All forms and variations are governed by the eternal intelligence of the Universe that enables a man to approach perfection. It may be in the arts of music and painting or it may be in commerce, law, or medicine. It may be in the study of war or the study of peace. Each is as important as any other. Spiritual enlightenment through religious meditation such as Zen or in any other way is as viable and functional as any "Way."... A person should study as they see fit.”
― Miyamoto Musashi, A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to Strategy

“Since there is no real silence,
Silence will contain all the sounds,
All the words, all the languages,
All knowledge, all memory.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“It would be the height of absurdity to label ignorance tempered by humility "faith"!
(Institutio III.2.3)”
― John Calvin

“I'm fat because I'm greedy, and if my mind is fat it's because I'm curious.”
― Stephen Fry

“A man who denies his past is a man who truly denies himself a future, for he refuses to know himself, and to deny knowledge of oneself is to stumble through life as handicapped as the blind mute.”
― Tobsha Learner, The Witch of Cologne

“An age cannot bind itself and ordain to put the succeeding one into such a condition that it cannot extend its (at best very occasional) knowledge , purify itself of errors, and progress in general enlightenment. That would be a crime against human nature, the proper destination of which lies precisely in this progress and the descendants would be fully justified in rejecting those decrees as having been made in an unwarranted and malicious manner.

The touchstone of everything that can be concluded as a law for a people lies in the question whether the people could have imposed such a law on itself.”
― Immanuel Kant, An Answer to the Question: What Is Enlightenment?

“How to win in life:
1 work hard
2 complain less
3 listen more
4 try, learn, grow
5 don't let people tell you it cant be done
6 make no excuses”
― Germany Kent

“The Copenhagen Interpretation is sometimes called "model agnosticism" and holds that any grid we use to organize our experience of the world is a model of the world and should not be confused with the world itself. Alfred Korzybski, the semanticist, tried to popularize this outside physics with the slogan, "The map is not the territory." Alan Watts, a talented exegete of Oriental philosophy, restated it more vividly as "The menu is not the meal.”
― Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger: Die letzten Geheimnisse der Illuminaten oder An den Grenzen des erweiterten Bewusstseins

“While differing widely in the various little bits we know, in our infinite ignorance we are all equal.”
― Karl R. Popper

“It is not our right to punish one for thinking as he does, no matter how much we disagree.”
― Oliver Bowden, Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade

“Show me slowly what I only
know the limits of
Dance me to the end of love”
― Leonard Cohen, Leonard Cohen: Poems and Songs

“If a person holds no ambitions in this world, he suffers unknowingly. If a person holds ambitions, he suffers knowingly, but very slowly.”
― Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams

“You read a book for the story, for each of its words," Gordy said, "and you draw your cartoons for the story, for each of the words and images. And, yeah, you need to take that seriously, but you should also read and draw because really good books and cartoons give you a boner."

I was shocked:

"Did you just say books should give me a boner?"

"Yes, I did."

"Are you serious?"

"Yeah... don't you get excited about books?"

"I don't think that you're supposed to get THAT excited about books."

"You should get a boner! You have to get a boner!" Gordy shouted. "Come on!"

We ran into the Reardan High School Library.

"Look at all these books," he said.

"There aren't that many," I said. It was a small library in a small high school in a small town.

"There are three thousand four hundred and twelve books here," Gordy said. "I know that because I counted them."

"Okay, now you're officially a freak," I said.

"Yes, it's a small library. It's a tiny one. But if you read one of these books a day, it would still take you almost ten years to finish."

"What's your point?"

"The world, even the smallest parts of it, is filled with things you don't know."

Wow. That was a huge idea.

Any town, even one as small as Reardan, was a place of mystery. And that meant Wellpinit, the smaller, Indian town, was also a place of mystery.

"Okay, so it's like each of these books is a mystery. Every book is a mystery. And if you read all of the books ever written, it's like you've read one giant mystery. And no matter how much you learn, you keep on learning so much more you need to learn."

"Yes, yes, yes, yes," Gordy said. "Now doesn't that give you a boner?"

"I am rock hard," I said.”
― Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian

“The thing that's important to know is that you never know. You're always sort of feeling your way.”
― Diane Arbus, Diane Arbus: Revelations

“I know how you feel," I said. "You run into something you totally don't get, and it's scary as hell. But once you learn something about it, it gets easier to handle. Knowledge counters fear. It always has.”
― Jim Butcher, Dead Beat

“Knowledge, like all things, is best in moderation," intoned the Will. "Knowing everything means you don't need to think, and that is very dangerous.”
― Garth Nix, Lady Friday

“Acquiring knowledge is a form of imitation.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti

“Of whom and of what can I say: "I know that"! This heart within me I can feel, and I judge that it exists. This world I can touch, and I likewise judge that it exists. There ends all my knowledge, and the rest is construction. For if I try to seize this self of which I feel sure, if I try to define and to summarize it, it is nothing but water slipping through my fingers. I can sketch one by one all the aspects it is able to assume, all those likewise that have been attributed to it, this upbringing, this origin, this ardor or these silences, this nobility or this vileness. But aspects cannot be added up. This very heart which is mine will forever remain indefinable to me. Between the certainty I have of my existence and the content I try to give to that assurance the gap will never be filled.”
― Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays

“My heart knows what my mind only think it knows.”
― Noah BenShea, Jacob the Baker: Gentle Wisdom For a Complicated World

“Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information on it.”
― Samuel Johnson

“Knowledge is the food of the soul.”
― Plato

“The known is finite, the unknown infinite; intellectually we stand on an islet in the midst of an illimitable ocean of inexplicability. Our business in every generation is to reclaim a little more land, to add something to the extent and the solidity of our possessions. And even a cursory glance at the history of the biological sciences during the last quarter of a century is sufficient to justify the assertion, that the most potent instrument for the extension of the realm of natural knowledge which has come into men's hands, since the publication of Newton's ‘Principia’, is Darwin's ‘Origin of Species.”
― Thomas Henry Huxley

“Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.”
― Kay Redfield Jamison

“I think that knowledge enslaves us, that at the base of all knowledge there is a servility, the acceptation of a way of life wherein each moment has meaning only in relation to another or others that will follow it.”
― Georges Bataille, The Unfinished System of Nonknowledge

“It is important to view knowledge as sort of a semantic tree -- make sure you understand the fundamental principles, ie the trunk and big branches, before you get into the leaves/details or there is nothing for them to hang on to.”
― Elon Musk

“he who will not economize will have to agonize”
― Confucius

“Astrology is assured of recognition from psychology, without further restrictions, because astrology represents the summation of all the psychological knowledge of antiquity.”
― C.G. Jung

“Old words are reborn with new faces.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“I can't protect you from knowledge.”
― Patricia Briggs, Dragon Bones

“Science fiction is very well suited to asking philosophical questions; questions about the nature of reality, what it means to be human, how do we know the things that we think we know.”
― Ted Chiang

“The problem of knowledge is that there are many more books on birds written by ornithologists than books on birds written by birds and books on ornithologists written by birds”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms

“Those who are enslaved to their sects are not merely devoid of all sound knowledge, but they will not even stop to learn!”
― Claudius Galenus

“We absolutely must leave room for doubt or there is no progress and there is no learning. There is no learning without having to pose a question. And a question requires doubt. People search for certainty. But there is no certainty. People are terrified — how can you live and not know? It is not odd at all. You only think you know, as a matter of fact. And most of your actions are based on incomplete knowledge and you really don't know what it is all about, or what the purpose of the world is, or know a great deal of other things. It is possible to live and not know.”
― Richard P. Feynman, The Pleasure of Finding Things Out: The Best Short Works of Richard P. Feynman

“A few nights later, I secretly hope that I might be a genius. Why else can no amount of sleeping pills fell my brain? But in the morning my daughter asks me what a cloud is and I cannot say.”
― Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation

“truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.”
― Leo Tolstoy

“We are unknown to ourselves, we men of knowledge - and with good reason. We have never sought ourselves - how could it happen that we should ever find ourselves? It has rightly been said: "Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also"; our treasure is where the beehives of our knowledge are.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals

“Education is beautification of the inner world and the outer world.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“All explicit knowledge is translated knowledge, and all translation is imperfect.”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear

“The individual appears for an instant, joins the community of thought, modifies it and dies; but the species, that dies not, reaps the fruit of his ephemeral existence.”
― A.S. Byatt, Possession

“That's the problem with best friends. Sometimes they know you better than you know yourself.”
― Cecily von Ziegesar, Nobody Does it Better

“- Никогда, Робби, не стремись знать слишком много! Чем меньше знаешь, тем проще живется. Знание делает человека свободным, но и несчастным. Давай выпьем за наивность, за глупость и все, что к ним относится - за любовь, за веру в будущее, за мечты о счастье - за божественную глупость, за потерянный рай...”
― Erich Maria Remarque, Three Comrades

“... there is no shame in not knowing. The problem arises when irrational thought and attendant behavior fill the vacuum left by ignorance.”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson, The Sky Is Not the Limit: Adventures of an Urban Astrophysicist

“What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite.”
― Bertrand Russell

“You are a wonderful creation. You know more than you think you know, just as you know less than you want to know.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“Yeah. Floyd is his batman."
His what?"
Batman, like in the British army, each officer had a batman, a personal servant."
You spend too much time reading, Spenser. You know more stuff that don't make you money than anybody I know.”
― Robert B. Parker, Mortal Stakes

“Wisdom is the daughter of experience”
― Leonardo da Vinci

“I was hugely impressed... was the ultimate example of a man who knew what he didn't know, was perfectly willing to admit it, and didn't want to leave until he understood. That's heroic to me.

I wish every grad student had that attitude.”
― Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture

“Some people still think knowledge is power.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby

“When we make judgements we're inevitably acting on limited knowledge, isn't it best to ask if we seek to understand, or simply let them be?”
― jay woodman

“Not all men (and especially the wisest) share the opinion that it is bad for women to be educated. But it is very true that many foolish men have claimed this because it displeased them that women knew more than they did.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies

“I love the place; the magnificent books; I require books as I require air.”
― Sholem Asch

“The more a man knows, the more willing he is to learn. The less a man knows, the more positive he is that he knows everything...”
― Robert G. Ingersoll

“Depending on the situation, sometimes you can know a person better in ten minutes than someone you have crossed paths with all your life.”
― David Baldacci, The Simple Truth

“Someone said, 'The dead writers are remote from us because we know so much more than they did.' Precisely, and they are that which we know.”
― T.S. Eliot, Selected Essays

“The soil needs the seed and the seed needs the soil. The one only has meaning with the other. It is the same thing with human beings. When male knowledge joins with female transformation, then the great magical union is created, and its name is wisdom. Wisdom means both to know and to transform.”
― Paulo Coelho, Brida

“Featherweight by Suzy Kassem


One evening,
I sat by the ocean and questioned the moon about my destiny.
I revealed to it that I was beginning to feel smaller compared to others,
Because the more secrets of the universe I would unlock,
The smaller in size I became.

I didn't understand why I wasn't feeling larger instead of smaller.
I thought that seeking Truth was what was required of us all –
To show us the way, not to make us feel lost,
Up against the odds,
In a devilish game partitioned by
An invisible wall.

Then the next morning,
A bird appeared at my window, just as the sun began
Spreading its yolk over the horizon.
It remained perched for a long time,
Gazing at me intently, to make sure I knew I wasn’t dreaming.
Then its words gently echoed throughout my mind,
Telling me:

'The world you are in –
Is the true hell.
The journey to Truth itself
Is what quickens the heart to become lighter.
The lighter the heart, the purer it is.
The purer the heart, the closer to light it becomes.
And the heavier the heart,
The more chained to this hell
It will remain.'

And just like that, it flew off towards the sun,
Leaving behind a tiny feather.
So I picked it up,
And fastened it to a toothpick,
To dip into ink
And write my name.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Those who don't know must learn from those who do.”
― Plato, The Republic

“Because a doubt is not a denial. Doubt is a powerful tool, and it should be applied to history.”
― Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz

“The more you study, the more you know; how less you know.”
― Imran Khan

“Chaos needs no allies, for it dwells like a poison in every one of us.”
― Steven Erikson, Midnight Tides

“Fear grew in places unlit by knowledge”
― Roshani Chokshi, The Gilded Wolves

“Beyond all sciences, philosophies, theologies, and histories, a child's relentless inquiry is truly all it takes to remind us that we don't know as much as we think we know.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Belief in the traditional sense, or certitude, or dogma, amounts to the grandiose delusion, "My current model" -- or grid, or map, or reality-tunnel -- "contains the whole universe and will never need to be revised." In terms of the history of science and knowledge in general, this appears absurd and arrogant to me, and I am perpetually astonished that so many people still manage to live with such a medieval attitude.”
― Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger: Die letzten Geheimnisse der Illuminaten oder An den Grenzen des erweiterten Bewusstseins

“Remember, always, that everything you know, and everything everyone knows, is only a model. Get your model out there where it can be viewed. Invite others to challenge your assumptions and add their own.”
― Donella H. Meadows, Thinking in Systems: A Primer

“My desire for knowledge is intermittent; but my desire to bathe my head in atmospheres unknown to my feet is perennial and constant.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience and Other Essays

“All things are strange which are worth knowing.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, In the Cities of Coin and Spice

“While one is young is the time to investigate, to experiment with everything. The school should help its young people to discover their vocations and responsibilities, and not merely cram their minds with facts and technical knowledge; it should be the soil in which they can grow without fear, happily and integrally.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life

“Knowledge was like candy: you never turned it down, especially if you didn't have to work too hard to get it.”
― Robert Liparulo, House of Dark Shadows

“Sometimes you're not ready to give the world quite what it wants. And that's okay, because the Earth is generously patient.”
― Jaree Francis

“Interpretations of interpretations interpreted.”
― James Joyce

“If it's knowledge and wisdom you want, then seek out the company of those who do real work for an honest purpose.”
― Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast

“Qui plussait, plus se tait. French, you know. The more a man knows, the less he talks.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time

“You have learnt something. That always feels at first as if you have lost something.”
― George Bernard Shaw, Major Barbara

“Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations. Books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage. They have no cause of their own to plead, but while they enlighten and sustain the reader his common sense will not refuse them. Their authors are a natural and irresistible aristocracy in every society, and, more than kings or emperors, exert an influence on mankind.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“Human knowledge consists not only of libraries of parchment and ink - it is also comprised of the volumes of knowledge that are written on the human heart, chiselled on the human soul, and engraved on the human psyche. ”
― Michael Jackson

“The acquisition of knowledge is always of use to the intellect, because it may thus drive out useless things and retain the good. For nothing can be loved or hated unless it is first known.”
― Leonardo da Vinci

“Never judge someone's character based on the words of another. Instead, study the motives behind the words of the person casting the bad judgment. An honest woman can sell tangerines all day and remain a good person until she dies, but there will always be naysayers who will try to convince you otherwise. Perhaps this woman did not give them something for free, or at a discount. Perhaps too, that she refused to stand with them when they were wrong — or just stood up for something she felt was right. And also, it could be that some bitter women are envious of her, or that she rejected the advances of some very proud men. Always trust your heart. If the Creator stood before a million men with the light of a million lamps, only a few would truly see him because truth is already alive in their hearts. Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them. He who does not have Truth in his heart, will always be blind to her.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“When most of the greatest individuals in history were misunderstood and you've spent so much of your own adult life misunderstood, you can't help but believe that the majority of people know very little worth knowing.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Reports that say that something hasn't happened are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are known knowns; there are things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns- the ones we don't know we don't know.”
― Donald Rumsfeld

“Everything I need to know... I learned in kindergarten.”
― Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten

“Detachment is not the absence of emotion, it is the process of becoming one with the Oneness that is the Universe. To be detached, is to realize that the fullness of all there is, is too much to react to with just one emotion, one thought, or any bias. To be detached, is to acknowledge all, without owning any of it. To be detached, is to summon forth the whole entirety of understanding, to the fragment that is the void.”
― Justin K. McFarlane Beau

“Those at too great a distance may, I am well are, mistake ignorance for perspective.”
― Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence

“Ah! how little knowledge does a man acquire in his life. He gathers it up like water, but like water it runs between his fingers, and yet, if his hands be but wet as though with dew, behold a generation of fools call out, 'See, he is a wise man!' Is it not so?”
― H. Rider Haggard, She: A History of Adventure

“...Turn our thoughts, in the next place, to the characters of learned men. The priesthood have, in all ancient nations, nearly monopolized learning. Read over again all the accounts we have of Hindoos, Chaldeans, Persians, Greeks, Romans, Celts, Teutons, we shall find that priests had all the knowledge, and really governed all mankind. Examine Mahometanism, trace Christianity from its first promulgation; knowledge has been almost exclusively confined to the clergy. And, even since the Reformation, when or where has existed a Protestant or dissenting sect who would tolerate a free inquiry? The blackest billingsgate, the most ungentlemanly insolence, the most yahooish brutality is patiently endured, countenanced, propagated, and applauded. But touch a solemn truth in collision with a dogma of a sect, though capable of the clearest proof, and you will soon find you have disturbed a nest, and the hornets will swarm about your legs and hands, and fly into your face and eyes.

[Letters to John Taylor, 1814, XVIII, p. 484]”
― John Adams, The Letters of John and Abigail Adams

“We need learn what we need to learn, know what we need to know, and do what we need to do.”
― Thomas S. Monson

“Knowledge is something which you can use.
Belief is something which uses you.”
― Idries Shah, Reflections

“Knowledge is not made for understanding; it is made for cutting.”
― Michel Foucault

“Wisdom is nothing more than confirmed imagination: just because one did not study for his exam does not mean that he should leave it blank.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“People are invariably surprised to hear me say I am both an atheist and an agnostic, as if this somehow weakens my certainty. I usually reply with a question like, 'Well, are you a Republican or an American?' The two words serve different concepts and are not mutually exclusive. Agnosticism addresses knowledge; atheism addresses belief. The agnostic says, 'I don't have a knowledge that God exists.' The atheist says, 'I don't have a belief that God exists.' You can say both things at the same time. Some agnostics are atheistic and some are theistic.”
― Dan Barker, Godless: How an Evangelical Preacher Became One of America's Leading Atheists

“People don't want children to know what they need to know. They want their kids to know what they ought to need to know. If you're a teacher you're in a constant battle with mildly deluded adults who think the world will get better if you imagine it is better. You want to teach about sex? Fine, but only when they're old enough to do it. You want to talk politics? Sure, but nothing modern. Religion? So long as you don't actually think about it. Otherwise some furious mob will come to your house and burn you for a witch.”
― Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World

“How had this happened? Everyone in the world knew more than us, about everything, and this I hated then found hugely comforting.”
― Dave Eggers, You Shall Know Our Velocity!

“No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.”
― Khalil Gibran, The Prophet

“First, anyone who seriously intends to become a philosopher
must "once in his life" withdraw into himself and attempt,
within himself, to overthrow and build anew all the sciences
that, up to then, he has been accepting. Philosophy wisdom
(sagesse) is the philosophizer's quite personal affair. It must
arise as His wisdom, as his self-acquired knowledge tending
toward universality, a knowledge for which he can answer from
the beginning, and at each step, by virtue of his own absolute
insights.”
― Edmund Husserl, Cartesian Meditations: An Introduction to Phenomenology

“The world demands I make good choices on no information, and then blames my maidenhood for my mistakes, as if my maidenhood were responsible for my ignorance. Ignorance is not stupidity, but it might as well be. And I do not like feeling stupid.”
― Lois McMaster Bujold, The Curse of Chalion

“Do you, good people, believe that Adam and Eve were created in the Garden of Eden and that they were forbidden to eat from the tree of knowledge? I do. The church has always been afraid of that tree. It still is afraid of knowledge. Some of you say religion makes people happy. So does laughing gas. So does whiskey. I believe in the brain of man.”
― Clarence Darrow

“You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“A monk should surely love his books with humility, wishing their good and not the glory of his own curiosity; but what the temptation of adultery is for laymen and the yearning for riches is for secular ecclesiastics, the seduction of knowledge is for monks.”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Always hear others out and remain open-minded; the day you think you know everything is the day you have the most yet to learn.”
― A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar

“Knowing is not simply a material act, since the object that is known always conceals something beyond the empirical datum. All our knowledge, even the most simple, is always a minor miracle, since it can never be fully explained by the material instruments that we apply to it. In every truth there is something more than we would have expected, in the love that we receive there is always an element that surprises us.”
― Pope Benedict XVI, Charity in Truth: Caritas in Veritate

“Was it wisdom? Was it knowledge? Was it, once more, the deceptiveness of beauty, so that all one’s perceptions, half-way to truth, were tangled in a golden mesh? Or did she lock up within her some secret which certainly Lily Briscoe believed people must have for the world to go on at all? Every one could not be as helter skelter, hand to mouth as she was. But if they knew, could they tell one what they knew? Sitting on the floor with her arms round Mrs. Ramsay’s knees, close as she could get, smiling to think that Mrs. Ramsay would never know the reason of that pressure, she imagined how in the chambers of the mind and heart of the woman who was, physically, touching her, were stood, like the treasures in the tombs of kings, tablets bearing sacred inscriptions, which if one could spell them out, would teach one everything, but they would never be offered openly, never made public. What art was there, known to love or cunning, by which one pressed through into those secret chambers? What device for becoming, like waters poured into one jar, inextricably the same, one with the object one adored? Could the body achieve, or the mind, subtly mingling in the intricate passages of the brain? or the heart? Could loving, as people called it, make her and Mrs. Ramsay one? for it was not knowledge but unity that she desired, not inscriptions on tablets, nothing that could be written in any language known to men, but intimacy itself, which is knowledge, she had thought, leaning her head on Mrs. Ramsay’s knee.”
― Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse

“Those who know nothing of foreign languages know nothing of their own.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Maxims and Reflections

“Parents are always more knowledgeable than their children, and children are always smarter than their parents.”
― Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close

“O how incomprehensible everything was, and actually sad, although it was also beautiful. One knew nothing. One lived and ran about the earth and rode through forests, and certain things looked so challenging and promising and nostalgic: a star in the evening, a blue harebell, a reed-green pond, the eye of a person or a cow. And sometimes it seemed that something never seen yet long desired was about to happen, that a veil would drop from it all, but then it passed, nothing happened, the riddle remained unsolved, the secret spell unbroken, and in the end one grew old and looked cunning . . . or wise . . . and still one knew nothing perhaps, was still waiting and listening.”
― Herman Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund

“You remember only what you want to remember. You know only what your heart allows you to know.”
― Amy Tan, Saving Fish from Drowning

“No one has free will until they are an adult, and by then the choices that were made for them, have already set them on a course that gives limited freedom in the choices to be made.”
― J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness

“We women talk too much, but even then we don't tell half what we know.”
― Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor

“It is a common sentence that knowledge is power; but who hath duly considered or set forth the power of ignorance? Knowledge slowly builds up what ignorance in an hour pulls down.”
― George Eliot, Daniel Deronda

“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“Each day is an adventure in discovering the meaning of life. It is each little thing that you do that day - whether it be spending time with your friends, running in a cross-country meet or just simply staring at the crashing ocean- that holds the key to discovering the meaning of life. I would rather be out enjoying these things than pondering them. We may never really discover the meaning of life, but the knowledge we gain in our quest to discover it is truly more valuable. ”
― Jack Canfield, Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul II

“The dead know only one thing, it is better to be alive”
― Stanley Kubrick

“Experience is more important than knowledge.”
― Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday

“A visitor is a friend, he brings news, good or bad, which is bread to the hungry minds in lonely places. A real friend who comes to the house is a heavenly messenger, who brings the panis angelorum.”
― Isak Dinesen, Out of Africa

“Lady Wisdom will be your close friend; and Brother Knowledge will be your pleasant companion.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“If knowledge isn't self-knowledge it isn't doing much, mate. Is the universe expanding? Is it contracting? Is it standing on one leg and singing 'When Father Painted the Parlour'? Leave me out. I can expand my universe without you. 'She walks into beauty, like the night of cloudless climes and starry skies, and all that's best of dark and bright meet in her aspect and her eyes.”
― Tom Stoppard, Arcadia

“He who replies to words of doubt
doth put the light of knowledge out.”
― William Blake, Auguries of Innocence

“The things that pose the greatest threats to your survival are the most real things.”
― Jordan B. Peterson

“In God's eyes, a man who teaches one truth and nothing else is more righteous than a man who teaches a million truths and one lie.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Most people know nothing about learning; many despise it. Dummies reject as too hard whatever is not dumb.”
― Thomas More, Utopia

“He felt a spasm of excitement because he knew instinctively who it was, or at least knew who it was he wanted it to be, and once you know what it is you want to be true, instinct is a very useful device for enabling you to know that it is.”
― Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish

“The only value of wasted time is knowledge.”
― Monica Drake, Clown Girl

“All knowledge meets an end at the question '...Why?”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Your life has a limit, but knowledge has none. If you use what is limited to pursue what has no limit, you will be in danger.”
― Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu

“Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“for whenever men are right they are not young”
― E.E. Cummings, 22 and 50 Poems

“What you don’t know won’t hurt you. A dubious maxim: sometimes what you don’t know can hurt you very much.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin

“Intelligence arouses fear and respect, the lack of it keeps one on the narrow minded road of disrespect, stupidity and inferiority complex.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Money isn't the solution to your problems. It only lets you carry your unhappiness around in style.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“A good book will give you answers to questions you didn't know you had. A great book will give you questions to answers you thought you knew.”
― Beth Revis, Give the Dark My Love

“When we venture in that unfamiliar sea, we trust blindly in those who guide us, believing that they know more than we do.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Witch of Portobello

“And no matter how much the gray people in power despise knowledge, they can’t do anything about historical objectivity; they can slow it down, but they can’t stop it. Despising and fearing knowledge, they will nonetheless inevitably decide to promote it in order to survive. Sooner or later they will be forced to allow universities and scientific societies, to create research centers, observatories, and laboratories, and thus to create a cadre of people of thought and knowledge: people who are completely beyond their control, people with a completely different psychology and with completely different needs. And these people cannot exist and certainly cannot function in the former atmosphere of low self-interest, banal preoccupations, dull self-satisfaction, and purely carnal needs. They need a new atmosphere— an atmosphere of comprehensive and inclusive learning, permeated with creative tension; they need writers, artists, composers— and the gray people in power are forced to make this concession too. The obstinate ones will be swept aside by their more cunning opponents in the struggle for power, but those who make this concession are, inevitably and paradoxically, digging their own graves against their will. For fatal to the ignorant egoists and fanatics is the growth of a full range of culture in the people— from research in the natural sciences to the ability to marvel at great music. And then comes the associated process of the broad intellectualization of society: an era in which grayness fights its last battles with a brutality that takes humanity back to the middle ages, loses these battles, and forever disappears as an actual force.”
― Arkady Strugatsky, Hard to Be a God

“Our great mistake in education is, as it seems to me, the worship of book-learning–the confusion of instruction and education. We strain the memory instead of cultivating the mind. The children in our elementary schools are wearied by the mechanical act of writing, and the interminable intricacies of spelling; they are oppressed by columns of dates, by lists of kings and places, which convey no definite idea to their minds, and have no near relation to their daily wants and occupations; while in our public schools the same unfortunate results are produced by the weary monotony of Latin and Greek grammar. We ought to follow exactly the opposite course with children–to give them a wholesome variety of mental food, and endeavor to cultivate their tastes, rather than to fill their minds with dry facts. The important thing is not so much that every child should be taught, as that every child should be given the wish to learn. What does it matter if the pupil know a little more or a little less? A boy who leaves school knowing much, but hating his lessons, will soon have forgotten almost all he ever learned; while another who had acquired a thirst for knowledge, even if he had learned little, would soon teach himself more than the first ever knew.”
― John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life

“Burn worldly love,
rub the ashes and make ink of it,
make the heart the pen,
the intellect the writer,
write that which has no end or limit.”
― Guru Nanak, Sri Guru Granth Sahib

“To know much and taste nothing-of what use is that?”
― St. Bonaventure

“It is my belief no man ever understands quite his own artful dodges to escape from the grim shadow of self-knowledge.”
― Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim

“Maybe you are already lost and just do not know it.”
― Christine Feehan, Dark Demon

“The exaltation and happiness of any community, goes hand in hand with the knowledge possessed by the people, when applied to laudable ends; whereupon we can exclaim like the wise man; righteousness exalteth a nation; for righteousness embraces knowledge and knowledge is power.”
― Joseph Smith

“If the ignorance of nature gave birth to such a variety of gods, the knowledge of this nature is calculated to destroy them.”
― Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach, System of Nature

“Now that physics is proving the intelligence of the universe what are we to do about the stupidity of mankind? I include myself. I know that the earth is not flat but my feet are. I know that space is curved but my brain has been condoned by habit to grow in a straight line. What I call light is my own blend of darkness. What I call a view is my hand-painted trompe-l'oeil. I run after knowledge like a ferret down a ferret hole. My limitations, I call the boundaries of what can be known. I interpret the world by confusing other people's psychology with my own.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Gut Symmetries

“I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.”
― Debasish Mridha

“My wealth is in my knowledge of self, love, and spirituality.”
― Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey

“The knowledge that he had left me with no intent ever to return had come over me in tiny droplets of realization spread over the years. And each droplet of comprehension brought its own small measure of hurt...He had wished me well in finding my own fate to follow, and I never doubted his sincerity. But it had taken me years to accept that his absence in my life was a deliberate finality, an act he had chosen, a thing completed even as some part of my soul still dangled, waiting for his return.”
― Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin

“To be taught to read—what is the use of that, if you know not whether what you read is false or true? To be taught to write or to speak—but what is the use of speaking, if you have nothing to say? To be taught to think—nay, what is the use of being able to think, if you have nothing to think of? But to be taught to see is to gain word and thought at once, and both true.”
― John Ruskin, The Works of John Ruskin: Library Edition. 39 vols.

“[The wives of powerful noblemen] must be highly knowledgeable about government, and wise – in fact, far wiser than most other such women in power. The knowledge of a baroness must be so comprehensive that she can understand everything. Of her a philosopher might have said: "No one is wise who does not know some part of everything." Moreover, she must have the courage of a man. This means that she should not be brought up overmuch among women nor should she be indulged in extensive and feminine pampering. Why do I say that? If barons wish to be honoured as they deserve, they spend very little time in their manors and on their own lands. Going to war, attending their prince's court, and traveling are the three primary duties of such a lord. So the lady, his companion, must represent him at home during his absences. Although her husband is served by bailiffs, provosts, rent collectors, and land governors, she must govern them all. To do this according to her right she must conduct herself with such wisdom that she will be both feared and loved. As we have said before, the best possible fear comes from love.

When wronged, her men must be able to turn to her for refuge. She must be so skilled and flexible that in each case she can respond suitably. Therefore, she must be knowledgeable in the mores of her locality and instructed in its usages, rights, and customs. She must be a good speaker, proud when pride is needed; circumspect with the scornful, surly, or rebellious; and charitably gentle and humble toward her good, obedient subjects. With the counsellors of her lord and with the advice of elder wise men, she ought to work directly with her people. No one should ever be able to say of her that she acts merely to have her own way. Again, she should have a man's heart. She must know the laws of arms and all things pertaining to warfare, ever prepared to command her men if there is need of it. She has to know both assault and defence tactics to insure that her fortresses are well defended, if she has any expectation of attack or believes she must initiate military action. Testing her men, she will discover their qualities of courage and determination before overly trusting them. She must know the number and strength of her men to gauge accurately her resources, so that she never will have to trust vain or feeble promises. Calculating what force she is capable of providing before her lord arrives with reinforcements, she also must know the financial resources she could call upon to sustain military action.

She should avoid oppressing her men, since this is the surest way to incur their hatred. She can best cultivate their loyalty by speaking boldly and consistently to them, according to her council, not giving one reason today and another tomorrow. Speaking words of good courage to her men-at-arms as well as to her other retainers, she will urge them to loyalty and their best efforts.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies

“No matter how tiny you look, you can lead huge men if you have what the huge men don't have.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey.”
― Lolly Daskal, Thoughts Spoken From The Heart

“But the world is out there, and it understands that the illusion of knowledge and freedom is not the same as the real thing. Eventually it will fade, and there are those who will do whatever it takes to make that happen sooner rather than later.”
― Aimee Carter, Pawn

“Knowledge is like money: To be of value it must circulate, and in circulating it can increase in quantity and, hopefully, in value.”
― Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man

“I sold my soul for knowledge of the future, only to have that very pact render me forever ignorant (Gerald Tarrant).”
― C.S. Friedman, When True Night Falls

“If the people of Europe had known as much of astronomy and geology when the bible was introduced among them, as they do now, there never could have been one believer in the doctrine of inspiration. If the writers of the various parts of the bible had known as much about the sciences as is now known by every intelligent man, the book never could have been written. It was produced by ignorance, and has been believed and defended by its author. It has lost power in the proportion that man has gained knowledge. A few years ago, this book was appealed to in the settlement of all scientific questions; but now, even the clergy confess that in such matters, it has ceased to speak with the voice of authority. For the establishment of facts, the word of man is now considered far better than the word of God. In the world of science, Jehovah was superseded by Copernicus, Galileo, and Kepler. All that God told Moses, admitting the entire account to be true, is dust and ashes compared to the discoveries of Descartes, Laplace, and Humboldt. In matters of fact, the bible has ceased to be regarded as a standard. Science has succeeded in breaking the chains of theology. A few years ago, Science endeavored to show that it was not inconsistent with the bible. The tables have been turned, and now, Religion is endeavoring to prove that the bible is not inconsistent with Science. The standard has been changed.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses

“A manager is responsible for the application and performance of knowledge. ”
― Peter Drucker

“The books—the generous friends who met me without suspicion—the merciful masters who never used me ill! The only years of my life that I can look back on with something like pride... Early and late, through the long winter nights and the quiet summer days, I drank at the fountain of knowledge, and never wearied of the draught.”
― Wilkie Collins, Armadale

“And if Amsterdam was hell, and if hell was a memory, then he realized that perhaps there was some purpose to his being lost. Cut off from everything that was familiar to him, unable to discover even a single point of reference, he saw that his steps, by taking him nowhere, were taking him him nowhere but into himself. He was wandering inside himself, and he was lost. Far from troubling him, this state of being lost because a source of happiness, of exhilaration. He breathed it into his very bones. As if on the brink of some previously hidden knowledge, he breathed it into his very bones and said to himself, almost triumphantly: I am lost.”
― Paul Auster, The Invention of Solitude

“Knowledge is power, and the right knowledge lets man perform miraculous, almost godlike tasks.”
― Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol

“I would rather my descendants have greater abilities and a greater knowledge of the love of Christ than I do, much like standing on one's shoulders in order to get a clearer view of the valley.”
― Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile

“You may not see it now," said the Princess of Pure Reason, looking knowingly at Milo's puzzled face, "but whatever we learn has a purpose and whatever we do affects everything and everyone else, if even in the tiniest way.”
― Norman Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth

“But honestly... I just don't know what anyone's thinking. To me, that's scarier than any half-rotten ghoul trying to eat my flesh.”
― Robert Kirkman, The Walking Dead, Compendium 1

“The dilemma is this. In the modern world knowledge has been growing so fast and so enormously, in almost every field, that the probabilities are immensely against anybody, no matter how innately clever, being able to make a contribution in any one field unless he devotes all his time to it for years. If he tries to be the Rounded Universal Man, like Leonardo da Vinci, or to take all knowledge for his province, like Francis Bacon, he is most likely to become a mere dilettante and dabbler. But if he becomes too specialized, he is apt to become narrow and lopsided, ignorant on every subject but his own, and perhaps dull and sterile even on that because he lacks perspective and vision and has missed the cross-fertilization of ideas that can come from knowing something of other subjects.”
― Henry Hazlitt

“...I sense that stepping into the light is also a powerful metaphor for consciousness, for the birth of the knowing mind, for the simple and yet momentous coming of the sense of self into the world of the mental.”
― Antonio Damasio, The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness

“Great losses are great lessons.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Be a worthy worker and work will come.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“As our circle of knowledge expands, so does the circumference of darkness surrounding it.”
― Albert Einstein

“From the mouths of the innocents flows truth.”
― Rae Carson, The Girl of Fire and Thorns

“For if we're destroyed, the knowledge is dead...We're nothing more than dust jackets for books...so many pages to a person...”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“If you don't know everything, you must go on with what you do know.”
― Robert Jordan, A Crown of Swords

“To ask the 'right' question is far more important than to receive the answer. The solution of a problem lies in the understanding of the problem; the answer is not outside the problem, it is in the problem.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Flight of the Eagle

“Hell is truth known too late.”
― J.C. Ryle, Practical Religion

“Guarding knowledge is not a good way to understand. Understanding means to throw away your knowledge.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Being Peace

“I am more afraid that this people have so much confidence in their leaders that they will not inquire for themselves of God whether they are led by him. I am fearful they settle down in a state of blind self security. Let every man and woman know, by the whispering of the Spirit of God to themselves, whether their leaders are walking in the path the Lord dictates, or not.”
― Brigham Young

“There is no magic. There is only knowledge, more or less hidden.”
― Gene Wolfe, Shadow & Claw

“Nothing is generous. New knowledge is a valuable commodity. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we are.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle

“The fool who knows his folly
Becomes wise by that fact.
But the fool who thinks he's wise -
He's called 'a fool' indeed!”
― Anonymous, The Dhammapada

“The world, viewed philosophically, remains a series of slave camps, where citizens – tax livestock – labor under the chains of illusion in the service of their masters.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“Maybe I don't really want to know what's going on. Maybe I'd rather not know. Maybe I couldn't bear to know. The Fall was a fall from innocence to knowledge.”
― Margaret Atwood

“You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“A truly good book is something as natural, and as unexpectedly and unaccountably fair and perfect, as a wild flower discovered on the prairies of the West or in the jungles of the East. Genius is a light which makes the darkness visible, like the lightning’s flash, which perchance shatters the temple of knowledge itself,--and not a taper lighted at the hearth-stone of the race, which pales before the light of common day.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walking

“Your children will smash your understanding, knowledge and reality. You will be better off. Then they will leave. You'll miss them forever.”
― Tibor Kalman

“I had felt the shot coming; I hadn’t realized the bow was loaded with this very quarrel, perfectly calibrated to hit him hardest. What part of me had been studying him, stockpiling knowledge as ammunition?”
― Rachel Hartman, Seraphina

“Once you know this kind of love, you will never question love again. You’ll know it when you see it. You’ll know it when you feel it. You will never be confused by something that is something else.”
― Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with my Master

“Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning... because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.”
― Chidi Okonkwo

“ابحث عن المعرفة، فالمعرفة لا تبحث عن أحد.”
― أناتول فرانس

“You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Because some information is better than no information. Life does not give you big, simple answers, Caitlyn. It demands patience, focus, and an open, intelligent mind to gather the pieces of a puzzle and fit them together into a coherent whole. Nothing worth knowing is ever easily learned.”
― Lisa Cach, Wake Unto Me

“I know everything, you see,' the old voice wheedled. 'The beginning, the present, the end. Everything. You now, you see the past and the present, like other low creatures: no higher faculties than memory and perception. But dragons, my boy, have a whole different kind of mind.' He stretched his mouth in a kind of smile, no trace of pleasure in it. 'We are from the mountaintop: all time, all space. We see in one instant the passionate vision and the blowout.”
― John Gardner, Grendel

“To know how to put what knowledge in which place is wisdom (hikmah). Otherwise, knowledge without order and seeking it without discipline does lead to confusion and hence to injustice to one's self.”
― Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality

“If a writer of prose knows enough about what he is writing about he may omit things that he knows and the reader, if the writer is writing truly enough, will have a feeling of those things as strongly as though the writer had stated them. The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water. A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing. A writer who appreciates the seriousness of writing so little that he is anxious to make people see he is formally educated, cultured or well-bred is merely a popinjay. And this too remember; a serious writer is not to be confounded with a solemn writer. A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.”
― Ernest Hemingway

“A nation which expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, expects that which never was and never will be.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“Foolish men always believe that a little knowledge will give them control over the world, but it is no more than a display of their vanity.”
― J. P. Vinluca, Aiko and the Dragon

“La strada non presa

Due strade divergevano in un bosco d'autunno
e dispiaciuto di non poterle percorrere entrambe,
essendo un solo viaggiatore, a lungo indugiai
fissandone una, più lontano che potevo
fin dove si perdeva tra i cespugli.

Poi presi l'altra, che era buona ugualmente
e aveva forse l'aspetto migliore
perché era erbosa e meno calpestata
sebbene il passaggio le avesse rese quasi uguali.

Ed entrambe quella mattina erano ricoperte di foglie
che nessun passo aveva annerito
oh, mi riservai la prima per un altro giorno
anche se, sapendo che una strada conduce verso un'altra,
dubitavo che sarei mai tornato indietro.

Lo racconterò con un sospiro
da qualche parte tra molti anni:
due strade divergevano in un bosco ed io -
io presi la meno battuta,
e questo ha fatto tutta la differenza.”
― Robert Frost

“The real purpose of the scientific method is to make sure nature hasn’t misled you into thinking you know something you actually don’t know.”
― Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values

“To 'know Thyself' is considered quite an accomplishment.”
― L. Frank Baum, The Marvelous Land of Oz

“The master of the garden is the one who waters it, trims the branches, plants the seeds, and pulls the weeds. If you merely stroll through the garden, you are but an acolyte.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“Every word, every image used for God is a distortion more than a description.”
― Anthony de Mello, One Minute Wisdom

“The mind of God is a mystery and none can understand it.”
― Rae Carson, The Girl of Fire and Thorns

“Whatever I learned,
Whatever I knew,
Seems like those faded years of childhood that flew,
Away in some dilemma,
Always in some confusion,
The purpose of this life,
Seems like an illusion!”
― Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?

“The sum of things to be known is inexhaustible, and however long we read, we shall never come to the end of our story-book."

(Introductory lecture as professor of Latin at University College, London, 3 October 1892)”
― A.E. Housman, Selected Prose

“Judgement can do without knowledge: but not knowledge without judgement.”
― Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays

“The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder.”
― Huston Smith, Beyond the Post-Modern Mind: The Place of Meaning in a Global Civilization

“Just remember this, my girl, when you look up in the sky you can see the stars and still not see the light.”
― Jack Tempchin

“The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing.”
― Isaiah Berlin

“People love answers, but only as long as they are the ones who came up with them.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“I used to think that once you really knew a thing, its truth would shine on forever. Now it's pretty obvious to me that more often than not the batteries fade, and sometimes what you knew even goes out with a bang when you try and call on it, just like a light bulb cracking off when you throw the switch.”
― Lucy Grealy

“أنا لا أريد أن أعبر دون أن أعرفَ كل ما يمكنني أن أعرفه”
― ليلى الجهني, 40 في معنى أن أكبر

“The universe never complains.
When you're wrong or right,
She always loves and cares,
She always gives and shares.
When you get lost she becomes the light,
Helps you to find what is right.
But she never forgets
To show you the light.”
― Debasish Mridha M.D.

“I want to oppose the idea that the school has to teach directly that special knowledge and those accomplishments which one has to use later directly in life. The demands of life are much too manifold to let such a specialized training in school appear possible [...] The development of general ability for independent thinking and judgement should always be placed foremost.”
― Albert Einstein

“We only know a tiny proportion about the complexity of the natural world. Wherever you look, there are still things we don’t know about and don’t understand. [...] There are always new things to find out if you go looking for them.”
― David Attenborough

“What we most love is not what we know, but what knows us and draws us. . . . (78)”
― Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra

“We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster.”
― Carl Sagan

“Thought must be divided against itself before it can come to any knowledge of itself.”
― Aldous Huxley

“Knowledge counts but common sense matters.”
― LouAnne Johnson, Dangerous Minds

“But maybe that isn't possible. Maybe the mind of the majority is always the healthy mind, simply by virtue of its numbers. Maybe it's the definition of madness to believe I'm right and everyone else if wrong, to find my thoughts rational and reasonable when almost the entire world finds them damaged and flawed.”
― Stacey Jay, Of Beast and Beauty

“[I would] rather discover one cause than gain the kingdom of Persia.”
― Democritus

“Everyone in the life before was cranky, I think, because they just wanted to know.

--After I Was Thrown in the River and Before I Drowned”
― Dave Eggers

“...znanje u nekoj tački počinje da te ograničava, a neznanje - nikad.”
― Marko Šelić, Zajedno sami

“Ignorance is a knowledge illiteracy.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Por muchas cosas que se sepan, siempre habrá un número mayor de cosas por conocer.”
― Sonia Fernández-Vidal, Quantic Love

“Do you believe that you really have a desire to learn, or would you, had you been left alone from birth, be totally primitive and beastlike in your thoughts and feelings?”
― William H. Armstrong

“As long as reading is for us the instigator whose magic keys have opened the door to those dwelling-places deep within us that we would not have known how to enter, its role in our lives is salutary. It becomes dangerous, on the other hand, when, instead of awakening us to the personal life of the mind, reading tends to take its place, when the truth no longer appears to us as an ideal which we can realize only by the intimate progress of our own thought and the efforts of our heart, but as something material, deposited between the leaves of books like a honey fully prepared by others and which we need only take the trouble to reach down from the shelves of libraries and then sample passively in a perfect repose of mind and body.”
― Marcel Proust

“Truth is not for sale. The man who sells truths that could help and guide humanity will never have peace of mind. Share truths freely, and you will always be revealed more.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“To sustain the belief that there is no God, atheism has to demonstrate infinite knowledge, which is tantamount to saying, “I have infinite knowledge that there is no being in existence with infinite knowledge”
― Ravi Zacharias

“Television, radio, and all the sources of amusement and information that surround us in our daily lives are also artificial props. They can give us the impression that our minds are active, because we are required to react to stimuli from the outside. But the power of those external stimuli to keep us going is limited. They are like drugs. We grow used to them, and we continuously need more and more of them. Eventually, they have little or no effect. Then, if we lack resources within ourselves, we cease to grow intellectually, morally, and spiritually. And we we cease to grow, we begin to die.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“Ideas are the source of all things”
― Plato

“The ability to retain a child's view of the world with at the same time a mature understanding of what it means to retain it, is extremely rare - and a person who has these qualities is likely to be able to contribute something really important to our thinking.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“Of what a strange nature is knowledge! It clings to a mind when it has once seized on it like a lichen on a rock."
- Frankenstein p115”
― Mary Shelley, Frankenstein

“Everything stated or expressed by man is a note in the margin of a completely erased text. From what's in the note we can extract the gist of what must have been in the text, but there's always a doubt, and the possible meanings are many.”
― Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet

“Public libraries have been a mainstay of my life. They represent an individual's right to acquire knowledge; they are the sinews that bind civilized societies the world over. Without libraries, I would be a pauper, intellectually and spiritually.”
― James A. Michener

“Since we cannot know all there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.”
― Blaise Pascal

“All children are atheists, they have no idea of God.”
― Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach, System of Nature

“Creativity is paradoxical. To create, a person must have knowledge but forget the knowledge, must see unexpected connections in things but not have a mental disorder, must work hard but spend time doing nothing as information incubates, must create many ideas yet most of them are useless, must look at the same thing as everyone else, yet see something different, must desire success but embrace failure, must be persistent but not stubborn, and must listen to experts but know how to disregard them."

[Twelve Things You Were Not Taught in School About Creative Thinking (The Creativity Post, December 6, 2011)]”
― Michael Michalko

“There is, so I believe, in the essence of everything, something that we cannot call learning. There is, my friend, only a knowledge-that is everywhere, that is Atman, that is in me and you and in every creature, and I am beginning to believe that this knowledge has no worse enemy than the man of knowledge, than learning.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“Without knowledge of what I am and why I am here, it is impossible to live, and since I cannot know that, I cannot live either. In an infinity of time, in an infinity of matter, and an infinity of space a bubble-organism emerges while will exist for a little time and then burst, and that bubble am I.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth. The great philosophers have always been able to clear away the complexities and see simple distinctions - simple once they are stated, vastly difficult before. If we are to follow them we too must be childishly simple in our questions - and maturely wise in our replies.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“Then we shan’t regard anyone as a lover of knowledge or wisdom who is fussy about what he studies…”
― Plato, The Republic and Other Works

“All worries are less with wine.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Life can give everything to whoever tries to understand and is willing to receive new knowledge.”
― Pramoedya Ananta Toer, Bumi Manusia

“I admit that reason is a small and feeble flame, a flickering torch by stumblers carried in the star-less night, -- blown and flared by passion's storm, -- and yet, it is the only light. Extinguish that, and nought remains.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll

“Mankind have a great aversion to intellectual labor; but even supposing knowledge to be easily attainable, more people would be content to be ignorant than would take even a little trouble to acquire it.”
― Samuel Johnson

“Tak ada brahmana angkuh. Mereka hanya lebih mengerti, lebih tahu daripada orang yang menganggap pengetahuan dan ilmu sebagai keangkuhan.”
― Pramoedya Ananta Toer, Arok Dedes

“God doesn't expect us to be a walking encyclopedia of biblical knowledge. He wants us to know Him, to be in a relationship with Him. This means not only hearing but allowing our understanding of God to change the way we live. Like the wise builder who laid the foundation of his house on the rock, we learn to let our knowledge of God change us.”
― Tyler Edwards, Zombie Church: Breathing Life Back Into the Body of Christ

“It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Any man filled with empathy is capable of gaining valuable insights on the human condition through the suffering of others. You do not need to suffer to know suffering, but you need empathy first to identify and feel the suffering of others around you.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”
― Debasish Mridha

“I will not join the rat race because I'm not a rat. And I will not blindly follow a specific faith because I'm not a bat. The only race I'll take part in is for humans being humane. It's called the human race, and sadly it's got the least participants.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“Nothing is born of nothing, least of all knowledge, modernity, or enlightened thought; progress is made in tiny surges, in successive laps, like an endless relay race. But there are links without which nothing would be passed on, and for that reason, they deserve the gratitude of all who benefited from them.”
― Amin Maalouf, Orígenes

“The stubborn critic would say: 'What is the benefit of these sciences?' He does not know the virtue that distinguishes mankind from all the animals: it is knowledge, in general, which is pursued solely by man, and which is pursued for the sake of knowledge itself, because its acquisition is truly delightful, and is unlike the pleasures desirable from other pursuits. For the good cannot be brought forth, and evil cannot be avoided, except by knowledge. What benefit then is more vivid? What use is more abundant?”
― Abu Rayhan al-Biruni

“I understood for the first time that I didn't understand what I thought I understood”
― Seiji Ozawa, Absolutely on Music: Conversations with Seiji Ozawa

“دانشمندان علوم جديد در آن چه كه مربوط به حوزه ى تخصصى شان مى شود، عالمند ولى در آن چه مربوط به فرهنگ و تفكّر و آرمان هاى ممتاز بشريت مى شود افرادى متوسط و ميان مايه اند.”
― Dariush Shayegan, آسیا در برابر غرب

“I would teach how science works as much as I would teach what science knows. I would assert (given that essentially, everyone will learn to read) that science literacy is the most important kind of literacy they can take into the 21st century. I would undervalue grades based on knowing things and find ways to reward curiosity. In the end, it's the people who are curious who change the world.”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson

“Was not Hypatia the greatest philosopher of Alexandria, and a true martyr to the old values of learning? She was torn to pieces by a mob of incensed Christians not because she was a woman, but because her learning was so profound, her skills at dialectic so extensive that she reduced all who queried her to embarrassed silence. They could not argue with her, so they murdered her.”
― Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio

“I felt knowledge and the unity of the world circulate in me like my own blood.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“There are genuine mysteries in the world that mark the limits of human knowing and thinking. Wisdom is fortified, not destroyed, by understanding its limitations. Ignorance does not make a fool as surely as self-deception.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Bestselling Guide to Reading Books and Accessing Information

“I was drawn to horses as if they were magnets. It was in my blood. I must have inherited from my grandfather a genetic proclivity toward the equine species. Perhaps there's a quirk in the DNA that makes horse people different from everyone else, that instantly divides humanity into those who love horses and the others, who simply don't know.”
― Allan J. Hamilton, Zen Mind, Zen Horse: The Science and Spirituality of Working with Horses

“I also hold very strong personal convictions about censorship. I don't believe in forbidden knowledge.”
― Andrea Cremer, Nightshade

“we have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood”
― William James

“Wisdom cannot be stolen - it can only be shared.”
― Jefferson Smith, Strange Places

“...Writings can be stolen, or changed, or used for evil purposes. But isn't the risk worth taking? The more people who share knowledge, the greater safeguard for it. Isn't there more danger in ignorance than knowledge?”
― Lloyd Alexander, The Arkadians

“She took refuge on the firm ground of fiction, through which indeed there curled the blue river of truth.”
― Henry James, What Maisie Knew

“Knowledge without application is simply knowledge. Applying the knowledge to one’s life is wisdom — and that is the ultimate virtue”
― Kasi Kaye Iliopoulos, Living in Light, Love & Truth: You Can Positively Change Your Life by Living in Light, Love, & Truth-Awareness + Reflection + Learning + Application

“Perhaps by now I'd come far enough that I had the guts to be afraid.”
― Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail

“Only one who has learned much can fully appreciate his ignorance.”
― Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man

“We don’t know anything about silent sages, buried knowledge, the eye of the mute poet, serene seers, yet how many talkative destroyers, prophets and ideologues, teachers and beautifiers there are on the other side.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape

“No power and no treasure can outweigh the extension of our knowledge.”
― Democritus

“First, the avid student must be aware that when the world was young it knew only seven things: water, life and death, salt, night, birds and the length of an hour.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless

“Wisdom comes alone through suffering.”
― Aeschylus

“All inquiries carry with them some element of risk.”
― Carl Sagan, Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science

“A library implies an act of faith which generations, still in darkness hid, sign in their night in witness of the dawn."

À qui la faute? (1872)”
― Victor Hugo

“We do not learn for the benefit of anyone, we learn to unlearn ignorance.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Even the knowledge of my own fallibility cannot keep me from making mistakes. Only when I fall do I get up again.”
― Vincent Van Goth

“Every sentence I utter must be understood not as an affirmation but as a question.

[A caution he gives his students, to be wary of dogmatism.]”
― Niels Bohr

“To furnish the means of acquiring knowledge is ... the greatest benefit that can be conferred upon mankind. It prolongs life itself and enlarges the sphere of existence.”
― John Quincy Adams

“Atheism is a conclusion reached by the most reasonable methods and one which is not asserted dogmatically but is explained in its every feature by the light of reason. The atheist does not boast of knowing in a vainglorious, empty sense. He understands by knowledge the most reasonable and clear and sound position one can take on the basis of all the evidence at hand. This evidence convinces him that theism is not true, and his logical position, then, is that of atheism.

We repeat that the atheist is one who denies the assumptions of theism. he asserts, in other words, that he doesn't believe in a God because he has no good reason for believing in a God. That's atheism -- and that's good sense.”
― E. Haldeman-Julius, The meaning of atheism

“From the dawn of exact knowledge to the present day, observation, experiment, and speculation have gone hand in hand; and, whenever science has halted or strayed from the right path, it has been, either because its votaries have been content with mere unverified or unverifiable speculation (and this is the commonest case, because observation and experiment are hard work, while speculation is amusing); or it has been, because the accumulation of details of observation has for a time excluded speculation.”
― Thomas Henry Huxley, The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century

“The compartmentalization of knowledge, which is one of the characteristics of the mental and intellectual scene of the modern world, is not only reflected in modern education but is also caused by it.”
― Seyyed Hossein Nasr, A Young Muslim's Guide to the Modern World

“Each of us knows it all, and knows he knows it all—the rest, to a man, are fools and eluded. One man knows there is a hell, the next one knows there isn’t; one man knows monarchy is best, the next one knows it isn’t; one man knows high tariff is right, the next man knows it isn’t; one man knows there are witches, the next one knows there aren’t; one sect knows its religion is the only true one, there are sixty-four thousand five hundred million sects that know it isn’t so.”
― Mark Twain, The Wit and Wisdom of Mark Twain

“The less you knew, the fewer monsters you’d attract,”
― Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief

“The less a man knows the bigger the noise he makes and the higher the salary he commands.”
― Mark Twain

“For self-educated scientists and thinkers such as Charles Darwin, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Leonardo-da-Vinci, Michael Faraday, myself and many others, education is a relentless voyage of discovery. To us education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“in times like the present, men should utter nothing for which they would not willingly be responsible through time and eternity.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Don't wish...DO! Don't try...BE! Don't think...KNOW! And above all: Bless a stranger with a small, yet powerful, random act of kindness. You feel me?”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“Man masters nature not by force, but by understanding”
― Jacob Bronowski

“Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.”
― Plato

“The offer of certainty, the offer of complete security, the offer of an impermeable faith that can’t give way, is an offer of something not worth having. I want to live my life taking the risk all the time that I don’t know anything like enough yet; that I haven’t understood enough; that I can’t know enough; that I’m always hungrily operating on the margins of a potentially great harvest of future knowledge and wisdom. I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
― Christopher Hitchens

“We live on an island surrounded by a sea of ignorance. As our island of knowledge grows, so does the shore of our ignorance.”
― John Archibald Wheeler

“[I]t was with a good end in mind – that of acquiring the knowledge of good and evil – that Eve allowed herself to be carried away and eat the forbidden fruit. But Adam was not moved by this desire for knowledge, but simply by greed: he ate it because he heard Eve say it tasted good.”
― Moderata Fonte, The Worth of Women: Wherein Is Clearly Revealed Their Nobility and Their Superiority to Men

“Verily, knowledge is a lock and its key is the question.”
― Imam Ja'Far Al-Sadiq

“They knew many things but had no idea why. And strangely this made them more, rather than less, certain that they were right.”
― Neal Stephenson, Anathem

“What we want to see is the child in pursuit of the knowledge not the knowledge in pursuit of the child.”
― George Bernard Shaw

“The excitable observer will pass judgement first and then make knowledge conform to judgement; the prudent observer will first learn to know and then judge according to knowledge.”
― Thomas Cleary (Ways of Warriors Codes of Kings)

“Of course. You get everything from books.”
― Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz

“One knows so little. When one knows more it is too late.”
― Agatha Christie, Three Act Tragedy

“Isn’t that wonderful? That feeling of not knowing too much about something… Incomplete information… Endless possibilities… When you don’t know much about something, it’s the most exciting sensation.
-Kutsnetz in TALUS”
― Erol Ozan, Talus

“Knowledge unqualified is knowledge simply of something learned.”
― Plato

“The range of human knowledge today is so great that we're all specialists and the distance between specializations has become so great that anyone who seeks to wander freely between them almost has to forego closeness with the people around him.”
― Robert M. Pirsig

“Musicians have always had a better understanding of love than the rest of us. Over the years they have told us that love: is like a rock, is here to stay, is all you need, will find a way, will keep us together, will tear us apart, sucks.”
― Cuthbert Soup, Another Whole Nother Story

“The religious school she went to, growing up, Ms. Wright said how all the girls had to wear a scarf tied to cover their ears at all times. Based on the biblical idea that the Virgin Mary became pregnant when the Holy Spirit whispered in her ear. The idea that ears were vaginas. That, hearing just one wrong idea, you lost your innocence. One detail too many and you’d be ruined. Overdosed on information.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Snuff

“We the people have no excuse for starry-eyed sycophantic group-think in the Information Age. Knowledge is but a fingertip away.”
― Tiffany Madison

“When I was your age, art was a lonely thing: no galleries, no collecting, no critics, no money. We didn't have mentors. We didn't have parents. We were alone. But it was a great time, because we had nothing to lose and a vision to gain.”
― John Logan, Red

“I offer no apologies to those whom I may have rendered uncomfortable with my open and honest assertions. The truth is often harsh and uncomfortable to embrace.”
― Casper Odinson Cröwell, Vor Forn Sidr

“Perhaps the Creator of this strange place knows us better than we know ourselves. Perhaps humanity was meant to eternally ponder the purpose and importance of our own existence. If we were assured of either, we’d be intolerable creatures.”
― Tiffany Madison

“Enough talk, now read!”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“The universe contains many planets which make it what it is – a unified system. In addition, our bodies contain many organs, and each part is congruent to a planet in our solar system. The universe we see out our eyes is a mirror of what is within us. This is what God meant by making man in his image. We are all made as a reflection of God and that reflection of him is within us. Furthermore, not only are all religions connected to the same Truth, or Cosmic Heart, but this concept is also mirrored in the pantheons of ancient religions, where each of the many gods simply represented one set of characteristics of the ONE. And in all cases, these many gods symbolized the planets, therefore mimicking the different parts of the universe and the ONE God’s many mirrors (He Who is All). The structure behind all polytheistic religions of the past and present is one and the same. They are all built on the same foundation as Nature.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“A person of little knowledge
Grows old as a plough-ox grows old.
His fleshes increases;
His wisdom does not increase.”
― Anonymous, The Dhammapada

“We give up our backs and allow religious myths to apply the rear naked choke to our minds.”
― Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet

“Nobody knows, nobody can ever know, not even in memory, because there are moments in time that are not knowable.”
― Amitav Ghosh, The Shadow Lines

“Then Deborah stood at the wicket gate, the boundary, and there was a woman with outstretched hand, demanding tickets.

"Pass through," she said when Deborah reached her. "We saw you coming." The wicket gate became a turnstile. Deborah pushed against it and there was no resistance, she was through.

"What is it?" she asked. "Am I really here at last? Is this the bottom of the pool?"

"It could be," smiled the woman. "There are so many ways. You just happened to choose this one."

Other people were pressing to come through. They had no faces, they were only shadows. Deborah stood aside to let them by, and in a moment they had gone, all phantoms.

"Why only now, tonight?" asked Deborah. "Why not in the afternoon, when I came to the pool?"

"It's a trick," said the woman. "You seize on the moment in time. We were here this afternoon. We're always here. Our life goes on around you, but nobody knows it. The trick's easier by night, that's all."

"Am I dreaming, then?" asked Deborah.

"No," said the woman, "this isn't a dream. And it isn't death, either. It's the secret world."

The secret world... It was something Deborah had always known, and now the pattern was complete. The memory of it, and the relief, were so tremendous that something seemed to burst inside her heart.

"Of course..." she said, "of course..." and everything that had ever been fell into place. There was no disharmony. The joy was indescribable, and the surge of feeling, like wings about her in the air, lifted her away from the turnstile and the woman, and she had all knowledge. That was it - the invasion of knowledge. ("The Pool")”
― Daphne du Maurier, Echoes from the Macabre: Selected Stories

“War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“El problema es que el niño es una esponja que registra y absorbe indiscriminadamente todo lo que ve [...] El niño formado en la imagen se reduce a ser un hombre que no lee, y, por lo tanto, la mayoría de las veces, es un ser «reblandecido por la televisión», adicto de por vida a los videojuegos.”
― Giovanni Sartori, Homo videns: La sociedad teledirigida

“I am not omniscient, but I know a lot.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust, First Part

“Curiosity is more important than knowledge.”
― Albert Einstein

“Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place...”
― Joseph Goebbels

“The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.”
― Debasish Mridha

“I would suggest that science is, at least in my part, informed worship.”
― Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God

“The Search for reason ends at the known; on the immense expanse beyond it only the sense of the ineffable can glide. It alone knows the route to that which is remote from experience and understanding. Neither of them is amphibious: reason cannot go beyond the shore, and the sense of the ineffable is out of place where we measure, where we weigh. We do not leave the shore of the known in search of adventure or suspense or because of the failure of reason to answer our questions. We sail because our mind is like a fantastic seashell, and when applying our ear to its lips we hear a perpetual murmur from the waves beyond the shore. Citizens of two realms, we all must sustain a dual allegiance: we sense the ineffable in one realm, we name and exploit reality in another. Between the two we set up a system of references, but we can never fill the gap. They are as far and as close to each other as time and calendar, as violin and melody, as life and what lies beyond the last breath.”
― Abraham Joshua Heschel, Man Is Not Alone: A Philosophy of Religion

“Everyone lives bound by their own knowledge and awareness. They define that as reality; but knowledge and awareness are vage, and perhaps better called illusions.”
― Masashi Kishimoto

“If it were customary to send little girls to school and teach them the same subjects as are taught to boys, they would learn just as fully and would understand the subtleties of all arts and sciences.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies

“The only thing more dangerous than ignorance is the pretense of intelligent ignorance. The former is teachable; the latter is not.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Men of the world who value the Way all turn to books. But books are nothing more than words. Words have value; what is of value in words is meaning. Meaning has something it is pursuing, but the thing that it is pursuing cannot be put into words and handed down. The world values words and hands down books but, though the world values them, I do not think them worth valuing. What the world takes to be values is not real value.”
― Chuang Tzu, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu

“You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man

“In order to survive, a plurality of true communities would require not egalitarianism and tolerance but knowledge, an understanding of the necessity of local differences, and respect. Respect, I think, always implies imagination - the ability to see one another, across our inevitable differences, as living souls. (pg. 181, Sex, Economy, Freedom, and Community)”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“I believe that we do not know anything for certain, but everything probably.”
― Christiaan Huygens, Oeuvres Completes

“It's where we're nearest to our humanness. Useless knowledge for its own sake. Useful knowledge is good, too, but it's for the faint-hearted, an elaboration of the real thing, which is only to shine some light, it doesn't matter where on what, it's the light itself, against the darkness, it's what's left of God's purpose when you take away God.”
― Tom Stoppard, The Invention of Love

“Man wants three things; life, knowledge, and love.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living

“As the biggest library if it is in disorder is not as useful as a small but well-arranged one, so you may accumulate a vast amount of knowledge but it will be of far less value to you than a much smaller amount if you have not thought it over for yourself; because only through ordering what you know by comparing every truth with every other truth can you take complete possession of your knowledge and get it into your power.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms

“Thus we have on stage two men, each of whom knows nothing of what he believes the other knows, and to deceive each other reciprocally both speak in allusions, each of the two hoping (in vain) that the other holds the key to his puzzle.”
― Umberto Eco, The Island of the Day Before

“What can I say? I prefer to die well informed.”
― Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood

“The meditative mind sees disagreeable or agreeable things with equanimity, patience, and good-will. Transcendent knowledge is seeing reality in utter simplicity. (146)”
― Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity

“I want to disabuse people of the idea that knowledge is power. Knowing how to get to Detroit is not the same thing as having the bus fare.”
― Andrew Vachss

“Facts or opinions which are to pass through the hands of so many, to be misconceived by folly in one, and ignorance in another, can hardly have much truth left.”
― Jane Austen, Persuasion

“Scoring well on tests is the sort of happy thing that gets the school district the greenbacks they crave. Understanding and appreciating the material are secondary.”
― Libba Bray

“We think we know."
"Know? That's worse than an atom bomb, and always was.”
― William Golding, Darkness Visible

“It is like the thirsty traveller who at first sincerely sought the water of knowledge, but who later, having found it plain perhaps, proceeded to temper his cup with the salt of doubt so that his thirst now becomes insatiable though he drinks incessantly, and that in thus drinking the water that cannot slake his thirst, he has forgotten the original and true purpose for which the water was sought.”
― Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality

“We are all small-minded people, creeping about the earth grubbing for our own advantage and making the very mistakes for which we want to humiliate our neighbors.”
― Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand

“There is much that I do not know and I'd like to know even less.”
― Martin Schuster

“Curiosity takes ignorance seriously, and is confident enough to admit when it does not know. It is aware of not knowing, and it sets out to do something about it”
― Alain de Botton, Art as Therapy

“The true value of a man is not determined by his possession, supposed or real, of Truth, but rather by his sincere exertion to get to the Truth. It is not possession of the Truth, but rather the pursuit of Truth by which he extends his powers and in which his ever-growing perfectibility is to be found. Possession makes one passive, indolent, and proud.”
― Gotthold Ephraim Lessing

“Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life. Redeem your mind from the hockshops of authority. Accept the fact that you are not omniscient, but playing a zombie will not give you omniscience—that your mind is fallible, but becoming mindless will not make you infallible—that an error made on your own is safer than ten truths accepted on faith, because the first leaves you the means to correct it, but the second destroys your capacity to distinguish truth from error.”
― Ayn Rand

“There was, I found, always more to learn.”
― David Halberstam, The Best and the Brightest

“There are no limitations to the mind except those that we acknowledge.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich

“The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading

“The genius of a composer is found in the notes of his music; but analyzing the notes will not reveal his genius. The poet's greatness is contained in his words; yet the study of his words will not disclose his inspiration. God reveals himself in creation; but scrutinize creation as minutely as you wish, you will not find God, any more than you will find the soul through careful examination of your body.”
― Anthony de Mello, Awakening: Conversations with the Masters

“There is no greater power than the one others do not believe you possess.”
― Luis Marques, Book of Orion - Liber Aeternus

“Knowledge without courage is sterile.”
― Balthasar Gracian

“If you want the answer—ask the question.”
― Lorii Myers

“What is more important to a library than anything else -- than everything else -- is the fact that it exists."

[The Premise Of Meaning, American Scholar; Washington, DC, June 5, 1972]”
― Archibald MacLeish

“I am a man who knows nothing, guesses sometimes, finds frequently and who's always amazed.”
― Auguste de Villiers de L'Isle-Adam

“An educated man should know everything about something and something about everything”
― Veronica Wedgwood

“The more doors you open to the mysteries, or sacred knowledge, the smaller you feel. And because you begin to feel smaller and smaller until your ego disappears, the more humble you become. Therefore, any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek. Yet being small and meek do not make one weak. Arming oneself with true knowledge generates strong confidence and a bold spirit that makes you a lion of God. The Creator does not want you to suffer, yet we are being conditioned by society to accept suffering, weak and passive dispositions under the belief that such conditions are favorable by God. Weakness is not a virtue praised by God. How could he desire for you to be weak if he tells us to stand by our conscience? Doing so requires strength. However, there is a difference between arrogance when inflating your ego, and confidence when one truly gets closer to God. One feels large, while the other feels small. Why? Because a man of wisdom understands that he is just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms, and that in the end — we are all connected. And did you not know that the smaller a creature is, the bolder its spirit?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“[T]he useful idiots, the leftists who are idealistically believing in the beauty of the Soviet socialist or Communist or whatever system, when they get disillusioned, they become the worst enemies. That’s why my KGB instructors specifically made the point: never bother with leftists. Forget about these political prostitutes. Aim higher. [...] They serve a purpose only at the stage of destabilization of a nation. For example, your leftists in the United States: all these professors and all these beautiful civil rights defenders. They are instrumental in the process of the subversion only to destabilize a nation. When their job is completed, they are not needed any more. They know too much. Some of them, when they get disillusioned, when they see that Marxist-Leninists come to power—obviously they get offended—they think that they will come to power. That will never happen, of course. They will be lined up against the wall and shot.”
― Yuri Bezmenov

“The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The less you know, the more you will be known
The less you want, the more you will have
The less you are, the more you will be”
― Vivian Amis, I Am: The Key to Manifesting

“There is no one who would not rather appear to know than to be taught.”
― Quintilian

“The foundation of all free government and all social order must be laid in families and in the discipline of youth. Young persons must not only be furnished with knowledge, but they must be accustomed to subordination and subjected to the authority and influence of good principles. It will avail little that youths are made to understand truth and correct principles, unless they are accustomed to submit to be governed by them.”
― Noah Webster

“Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it. When we enquire into any subject, the first thing we have to do is to know what books have treated of it. This leads us to look at catalogues, and at the backs of books in libraries.”
― Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson Including a Journal of a Tour to the Hebrides, Vol 2

“...where were answers to the truly deep questions? Religion promised those, though always in vague terms, while retreating from one line in the sand to the next. Don't look past this boundary, they told Galileo, then Hutton, Darwin, Von Neumann, and Crick, always retreating with great dignity before the latest scientific advance, then drawing the next holy perimeter at the shadowy rim of knowledge.”
― David Brin, Kiln People

“We are no longer in the dispensation of age and experience. We are in the era of knowledge and information. Information leads a true leader and a true leader leads others.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Although the pure truth has never been stated, nevertheless it has never been lost. Its existence does not depend upon human statement but upon human sensitivity. In this it is unlike all other knowledge.”
― Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton

“Real data is messy. ...It's all very noisy out there. Very hard to spot the tune. Like a piano in the next room, it's playing your song, but unfortunately it's out of whack, some of the strings are missing, and the pianist is tone deaf and drunk- I mean, the noise! Impossible! ”
― Tom Stoppard

“Definitions from Mulla Do-Piaza
A fool:
A man trying to be honest with the dishonest.”
― Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams

“While wisdom dictates the need for education, education does not necessarily make one wise.”
― Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future

“[Dialogue between Solon and an Egyptian Priest]
In the Egyptian Delta, at the head of which the river Nile divides, there is a certain district which is called the district of Sais [...] To this city came Solon, and was received there with great honour; he asked the priests who were most skilful in such matters, about antiquity, and made the discovery that neither he nor any other Hellene knew anything worth mentioning about the times of old. On one occasion, wishing to draw them on to speak of antiquity, he began to tell about the most ancient things in our part of the world-about Phoroneus, who is called "the first man," and about Niobe; and after the Deluge, of the survival of Deucalion and Pyrrha; and he traced the genealogy of their descendants, and reckoning up the dates, tried to compute how many years ago the events of which he was speaking happened. Thereupon one of the priests, who was of a very great age, said: O Solon, Solon, you Hellenes are never anything but children, and there is not an old man among you. Solon in return asked him what he meant. I mean to say, he replied, that in mind you are all young; there is no old opinion handed down among you by ancient tradition, nor any science which is hoary with age.”
― Plato, Timaeus/Critias

“Then the edge asserts itself. You are not a god. You are not that enlarged self. Indeed, you are not even a whole self, as you now see. Your new knowledge of possibilities is also a knowledge of what is lacking in the actual.”
― Anne Carson, Eros the Bittersweet

“Better to keep it in the old heads, where no one can see it or suspect it. We are all bits and pieces of history and literature and international law. Byron, Tom Paine, Machiavelli, or Christ, it's here. And the hour's late. And the war's begun. And we are out here, and the city is there, all wrapped up in its own coat of a thousand colors... All we want to do is keep the knowledge we think we will need intact and safe. We're not out to incite or anger anyone yet. For if we are destroyed, the knowledge is dead, perhaps for good... Right now we have a horrible job; we're waiting for the war to begin and, as quickly, end. It's not pleasant, but then we're not in control, we're the odd minority crying in the wilderness. When the war's over, perhaps we can be of some use in the world.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Facts do not fall in the face of discomfort.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“We are at war, and the enemy knows that the subconscious absorbs everything.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“The world is perishing for lack of the knowledge of God and the Church is famishing for want of His Presence.”
― A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God: The Human Thirst for the Divine

“Deep within, there is something profoundly known, not consciously, but subconsciously. A quiet truth, that is not a version of something, but an original knowing. What this, absolute, truth [identity] is may be none of our business…but it is there, guiding us along the path of greater becoming; a true awareness. It is so self-sustaining that our recognition of it is not required. We are offspring’s of such a powerfully divine force – Creator of all things known and unknown.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“Logic is immaturity weaving its nets of gossamer wherewith it aims to catch the behemoth of knowledge. Logic is a crutch for the cripple, but a burden for the swift of foot and a greater burden still for the wise.”
― Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The strange story of a monastery which was once called The Ark

“And whenever any one informs us that he has found a man who knows all the arts, and all things else that anybody knows, and every single thing with a higher degree of accuracy than any other man –whoever tells us this, I think that we can only imagine him to be a simple creature who is likely to have been deceived by some wizard or actor whom he met, and whom he thought all-knowing, because he himself was unable to analyze the nature of knowledge and ignorance and imitation.”
― Plato, The Republic

“originality and a feeling of one's own dignity are achieved only through work and struggle.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky

“all appears to change when we change”
― Henri-Frédéric Amiel

“Science is only a Latin word for knowledge”
― Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God

“Learning is not the accumulation of knowledge, but rather, one thing only: understanding”
― Donna Jo Napoli

“I watch people sometimes, wonder how they can walk around with the weight of what they know.”
― Cate Kennedy, Dark Roots

“Everyone knew as much as they needed to know to be happy.”
― Ian McEwan, Sweet Tooth

“If then a practical end must be assigned to a University course, I say it is that of training good members of society... It is the education which gives a man a clear, conscious view of their own opinions and judgements, a truth in developing them, an eloquence in expressing them, and a force in urging them. It teaches him to see things as they are, to go right to the point, to disentangle a skein of thought to detect what is sophistical and to discard what is irrelevant.”
― John Henry Newman, The Idea of a University

“You know a trillion times more about art than me. But I’ve learned that it isn’t necessary to know all that much. You just make what you wanna see, right? It’s a game, right? It’s like being paid for dreaming.”
― Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All

“What would you consider a good job?" Answered as follows:
"A good job is one in which I don't have to work, and get paid a lot of money."
When I heard that I cheered and yelled and felt that he should be given an A+, for he had perfectly articulated the American dream of those who despise knowledge. What a politician that kid would have made.”
― Isaac Asimov, The Secret of the Universe

“The obvious can sometimes be illuminating when perceived in an unhabitual way.”
― Daniel Quinn, Ishmael: An Adventure of the Mind and Spirit

“It takes a long time to learn how to do something simple.”
― Marty Rubin

“Knowledge drifts in and out of my mind", said Lestat with a little look of honest distress and a shake of his head. "I devour it and then I lose it and sometimes I can't reach for any knowledge that I ought to possess. I feel desolate, but then knowledge returns or I seek it out in a knew source."

(...)

"But you love books, then", Aunt Queen was saying. I had to listen.

"Oh, yes," Lestat said. "Sometimes they're the only thing that keeps me alive."

"What a thing to say at your age", she laughed.

"No, but one can feel desperate at any age, don't you think? The young are eternally desperate," he said frankly. "And books, they offer one hope - that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe, one is saved.”
― Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm

“So long as we do not depend on the facts entirely, incomplete knowledge is better than complete ignorance.
--Egwene al'Vere”
― Brandon Sanderson, Towers of Midnight

“I don’t trust the answers or the people who give me the answers. I believe in dirt and bone and flowers and fresh pasta and salsa cruda and red wine. I don’t believe in white wine; I insist on color.”
― Charles Bowden

“Moreover, knowledge and investigation help promote wonder they do not destroy it. Whatever our tastes, we can generally appreciate such things as music, art or wine better when we understand a bit about them. We read up on our favourite singers or artists because we feel we can appreciate their work better when we know how they think and what they bring to their work. The giddy delight and curiosity that comes from marvelling at the beauty of this universe is deepened, not cheapened, by the laws and facts science gives us to aid our understanding. In a similar way, the psychological tricks at work behind many seemingly paranormal events are truly more fascinating than the explanation of other-worldiness precisely because they are of this world, and say something about how rich and complex and mysterious we are as human beings to be convinced by such trickery, indeed to want to perpetuate it in the first place.”
― Derren Brown, Tricks of the Mind

“It is important never to separate love and knowledge, compassion and wisdom. A wisdom without compassion is closed upon itself and does not bear fruit. A compassion without wisdom is a madness and a cause of suffering.”
― Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity

“[A] great deal of what we believe we do not know firsthand; instead we have faith in the knowledge of specialists.”
― Terry Eagleton, Reason, Faith, and Revolution: Reflections on the God Debate

“Everybody liked better to conjecture how the thing was, than simply to know it; for conjecture soon became more confident than knowledge, and had a more liberal allowance for the incompatible.”
― George Eliot, Middlemarch

“If knowledge is power, let's spread it as widely as possible and dilute it to deny those who would abuse it.”
― Stuart Aken

“A thousand years ago, everybody knew the Earth was the center of the universe. Five hundred years ago, they knew the Earth was flat. Fifteen minutes ago, you knew we humans were alone on it. Imagine what you'll know tomorrow.”
― Tommy Lee Jones

“But perhaps there are in us forces other than mind and heart, other even than the senses - mysterious forces which take hold of us in the moments when the others are asleep; and perhaps it was such forces that Melchior had found in the depths of those pale eyes which had looked at him so timidly one evening when he had accosted the girl on the bank of the river, and had sat down beside her in the reeds - without knowing why - and had given her his hand.”
― Romain Rolland, Jean-Christophe - I

“Today wouldn't have happened if histories weren't falsified.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Knowledge, like money and muck (manure), serves us best when spread evenly.”
― Stuart Aken

“And even as each one of you stands alone in God's knowledge, so must each one of you be alone in his knowledge of God and in his understanding of the earth.”
― Khalil Gibran

“Tunapenda kuamini kwa sababu kuamini hurahisisha mambo… Usiamini. Jua.”
― Enock Maregesi

“I know certain truths about life.”
― Dana Reinhardt, How to Build a House

“Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.”
― Nicholas Butler

“That which others hear or read of, I felt and practised myself; they get their knowledge by books, I mine by melancholizing.”
― Robert Burton, The Anatomy of Melancholy

“Ignorance breeds monsters to fill up the vacancies of the soul that are unoccupied by the verities of knowledge.”
― Horace Mann

“To be agreeable in society, you must consent to be taught many things which you already know.”
― Talleyrand

“Since the earliest days of our youth, we have been conditioned to accept that the direction of the herd, and authority anywhere — is always right.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Every creature was designed to serve a purpose. Learn from animals for they are there to teach you the way of life. There is a wealth of knowledge that is openly accessible in nature. Our ancestors knew this and embraced the natural cures found in the bosoms of the earth. Their classroom was nature. They studied the lessons to be learned from animals. Much of human behavior can be explained by watching the wild beasts around us. They are constantly teaching us things about ourselves and the way of the universe, but most people are too blind to watch and listen.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“[She was] a creature full of eager, passionate longings for all that was beautiful and glad; thirsty for all knowledge; with an ear straining after dreamy music that died away and would not come near to her; with a blind unconscious yearning for something that would link together the wonderful impressions of this mysterious life, and give her soul a sense of home in it.”
― George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss

“If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.”
― Sidney Madwed

“The Christian does not avoid sin to achieve salvation, but rather salvation brings him to a desire not to sin. The closer that one's spirit is synchronized with the holy knowledge of God, the more he comprehends how and why sin is destructive to himself and others in each and every circumstance. The dwindling desire for sin is a premature gift of Heaven - where there will be no sin, where all will, too, possess that full and complete wisdom; all will have perfect reasons not to sin. In this way, free will might still exist, but the shared wisdom of God will simply outwit all desires, impulses, and needs to sin.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Knowledge is the eye that must direct the foot of obedience.”
― Thomas Watson

“There is no limit to how good you can get in pursuit of perfection.”
― Sachin Kumar Puli

“Wisdom is when you understand what, previously, at best you only knew.”
― Idries Shah, Observations

“Thus, by science I mean, first of all, a worldview giving primacy to reason and observation and a methodology aimed at acquiring accurate knowledge of the natural and social world. This methodology is characterized, above all else, by the critical spirit: namely, the commitment to the incessant testing of assertions through observations and/or experiments — the more stringent the tests, the better — and to revising or discarding those theories that fail the test. One corollary of the critical spirit is fallibilism: namely, the understanding that all our empirical knowledge is tentative, incomplete and open to revision in the light of new evidence or cogent new arguments (though, of course, the most well-established aspects of scientific knowledge are unlikely to be discarded entirely).

. . . I stress that my use of the term 'science' is not limited to the natural sciences, but includes investigations aimed at acquiring accurate knowledge of factual matters relating to any aspect of the world by using rational empirical methods analogous to those employed in the natural sciences. (Please note the limitation to questions of fact. I intentionally exclude from my purview questions of ethics, aesthetics, ultimate purpose, and so forth.) Thus, 'science' (as I use the term) is routinely practiced not only by physicists, chemists and biologists, but also by historians, detectives, plumbers and indeed all human beings in (some aspects of) our daily lives. (Of course, the fact that we all practice science from time to time does not mean that we all practice it equally well, or that we practice it equally well in all areas of our lives.)”
― Alan Sokal

“Look, you have been told everything. Lift up your eyes and look at the cloud and the light within it and the stars surrounding it. And the star that leads the way is your star." So Judas lifted up his eyes and saw the luminous cloud, and he entered it.”
― Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos

“Love is my inner strength and my power.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“It is important to know the stories and histories of things, even if all we know is that we don't know.”
― Ali Smith, There but for the

“Summer on the high plateau can be delectable as honey; it can also be a roaring scourge. To those who love the place, both are good, since both are part of its essential nature. And it is to know its essential nature that I am seeking here. To know, that is, with the knowledge that is a process of living. This is not done easily nor in an hour. It is a tale too slow for the impatience of our age, not of immediate enough import for its desperate problems. Yet it has its own rare value. It is, for one thing, a corrective of glib assessment: one never quite knows the mountain, nor oneself in relation to it. However often I walk on them, these hills hold astonishment for me. There is no getting accustomed to them.”
― Nan Shepherd, The Living Mountain

“If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Passion for knowledge, motivation for continuous learning.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“What I know about auto racing could be inscribed with a dry Magic Marker on the lip of a Coke bottle.”
― David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again: Essays and Arguments

“Knowledge is a Bed of Roses; for Every Beautiful Flower, there are a Dozen Thorns to Match”
― Joshua Caleb

“In the new century science will defeat famine, boredom, and the plague, but . . . vital knowledge will become so elevated that nobody will know how anything works. . . . the good news is that everybody will be empowered; the bad news is nobody will understand why.”
― Mark Christensen, Aloha

“The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“All our knowledge brings us nearer to our ignorance,
All our ignorance brings us nearer to death,
But nearness to death no nearer to God.
Where is the life we have lost in living?
Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?”
― T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land and Other Poems

“To admit your ignorance is freeing. To say, "I don't know" is to free yourself from having to come up with a bullshit answer.”
― Eric Roxas

“Before he'd met Anna, he'd thought he'd known what love was, thought he'd understood about friendship, romance, all o fit, but he hadn't - not at all. Until he'd held Anna in his arms, until he'd let her see his soul, until he'd heard her cry gently when he made love to her for the first time, he'd known nothing.”
― Gemma Malley

“Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.”
― Thomas Aquinas

“If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget there is such a thing as war. If the government is inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it. Peace, Montag. Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a sense of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change. Don't give them any slippery stuff like philosophy or sociology to tie things up with. That way lies melancholy. Any man who can take a TV wall apart and put it back together again, and most men can nowadays, is happier than any man who tries to slide-rule, measure and equate the universe, which just wont be measured or equated without making man feel bestial and lonely.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Science is what we have learned about how to keep from fooling ourselves.”
― Richard Feynman

“WHO KNOWS WHAT EVIL LURKS IN THE HEART OF MEN?

The Death of Rats looked up from the feast of the potato. SQUEAK, he said.

Death waved a hand dismissively. WELL, YES, OBVIOUSLY ME, he said. I JUST WONDERED IF THERE WAS ANYONE ELSE.”
― Terry Pratchett, The Truth

“There is no knowing that does not begin with knowing God.”
― John Calvin

“Compromise, if not the spice of life, is its solidity. It is what makes nations great and marriages happy”
― Phyllis McGinley

“Where ignorance is bliss,
'Tis folly to be wise.

- Ode on a Distant Prospect of Eton College”
― Thomas Gray, Thomas Gray And William Collins: Poetical Works

“If you truly want to know a person, talk to their enemies.”
― Jamie Leanne Gaines

“I am a student of life, and don't want to miss any experience. There's poetry in this sort of thing, you know--or perhaps you don't know, but it's all the same.”
― H.P. Lovecraft, Old Bugs

“There are those who know and those who don't know. And for every ten thousand who don't know there's only one who knows. That's the miracle of all time--the fact that these millions know so much but don't know this.”
― Carson McCullers, The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter

“Through learning we re-create ourselves. Through learning we become able to do something we never were able to do. Through learning we reperceive the world and our relationship to it. Through learning we extend our capacity to create, to be part of the generative process of life”
― Peter M. Senge

“In order to be really good as a librarian, everything counts towards your work, every play you go see, every concert you hear, every trip you take, everything you read, everything you know. I don’t know of another occupation like that. The more you know, the better you’re going to be.”
― Allen Smith

“This magical, marvelous food on our plate, this sustenance we absorb, has a story to tell. It has a journey. It leaves a footprint. It leaves a legacy. To eat with reckless abandon, without conscience, without knowledge; folks, this ain't normal.”
― Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World

“The thirst for knowledge is like a piece of ass you know you shouldn't chase; in the end, you chase it just the same.”
― George Pelecanos, Down by the River Where the Dead Men Go

“That knowledge which purifies the mind and heart alone is true Knowledge, all else is only a negation of Knowledge.”
― Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa

“Most of us who turn to any subject with love remember some morning or evening hour when we got on a high stool to reach down an untried volume, or sat with parted lips listening to a new talker, or for very lack of books began to listen to the voices within, as the first traceable beginning of our love.”
― George Eliot, Middlemarch

“We must admit that simply knowing the contents of the Bible is not a sure route to spiritual growth. There is an aweful assumption in evangelical churches that if we can just get the Word of God into people's heads, then the Spirit of God will apply it to their hearts. That assumption is aweful, not because the Spirit never does what the assumption supposes, but because it excused pastors and leaders from the responsibility to tangle with people's lives. Many remain safely hidden behind pulpits, hopelessly out of touch with the struggles of their congregations, proclaiming the Scriptures with a pompous accuracy that touches no one. Pulpits should provide bridges, not barriers, to life-changing relationships.”
― Larry Crabb, Inside Out: Real Change Is Possible If You're Willing to Start from The...

“Modest doubt is call'd the beacon of the wise.”
― William Shakespeare, Troilus and Cressida

“Oho, now I know what you are. You are an advocate of Useful Knowledge.... Well, allow me to introduce myself to you as an advocate of Ornamental Knowledge. You like the mind to be a neat machine, equipped to work efficiently, if narrowly, and with no extra bits or useless parts. I like the mind to be a dustbin of scraps of brilliant fabric, odd gems, worthless but fascinating curiosities, tinsel, quaint bits of carving, and a reasonable amount of healthy dirt. Shake the machine and it goes out of order; shake the dustbin and it adjusts itself beautifully to its new position.”
― Robertson Davies, Tempest-Tost

“You know what I should do?" Hoshino asked excited. "Of course," the cat said. "What'd I tell you? Cats know everything. Not like dogs.”
― Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

“And remember that within every lie, there is a truth hidden. Know the truth to defeat the lie.”
― T. A. Miles, Raventide

“No civilization, including Plato's, has ever been destroyed because its citizens learned too much.”
― Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting

“The best of knowledge and righteous acts are those hidden to the people.”
― Al-Fudhayl ibn Iyyadh

“I only know everything if you ask the right questions.”
― Doc Coleman

“You don’t know anything, but I know even less.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“To sense the peace of extinguished passion
Happiness in not knowing the ultimate knowledge”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sign and Its Children

“Once a day, especially in the early years of life and study, call yourselves to an account what new ideas, what new proposition or truth you have gained, what further confirmation of known truths, and what advances you have made in any part of knowledge.”
― Isaac Watts, The Improvement Of The Mind To Which Are Added A Discourse On The Education Of Children

“إن التساؤل هو مفتاح المعرفة. والمعرفة هي سبر أغوار جديدة -مناجم موجودة ولكنها مطمورة. التساؤل هو تهديم صخور لشق منجم جديد....إننا في حاجة إلى المزيد من لظى المعرفة حتى نشعل النيران في العديد من الأقبية المظلمة المتوارثة.”
― إميل حبيبي, إخطية

“Knowledge & understanding mixed with ones convictions of 'experience' is hardly impositional".

~R. Alan Woods [2012]”
― R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal

“The man who sees both sides of a question is a man who sees absolutely nothing.”
― Oscar Wilde

“After this, Boy became very curious about the mansion where the clothes and the food came from. He made me describe everything. Then he asked Good Thing 'Are there books in this mansion, too?'
'And pictures and jewels,' Good Thing said through me. 'What does Master wish me to fetch? There is a golden harp, a musical box like a bird, a—'
'Just books,' said Boy. 'I need to learn. I'm still so ignorant.”
― Diana Wynne Jones, Unexpected Magic: Collected Stories

“...wearing a turban of yellow, signifying knowledge, and a robe of purple, portraying purity and activity, Virchand Gandhi of Bombay delivered a lecture on the religions of India....”
― New York Times

“Emotion, which is suffering, ceases to be suffering as soon as we form a clear and precise picture of it.”
― Baruch Spinoza, Ethics

“Whoever treads a path seeking knowledge, Allah will make easy for him the path to Paradise."

(reported by Ibn Majah and others, fulfilling the conditions of Imam al Bukhari and Imam Muslim)”
― Anonymous

“Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement.”
― Ludwig Wittgenstein

“What Brahman is cannot be described. All things in the world — the Vedas, the Puranas, the Tantras, the six systems of philosophy — have been defiled, like food that has been touched by the tongue, for they have been read or uttered by the tongue. Only one thing has not been defiled in this way, and that is Brahman. No one has ever been able to say what Brahman is.”
― Sri Ramakrishna, Sayings of Sri Ramakrishna

“We awaken by asking the right questions. We awaken when we see knowledge being spread that goes against our own personal experiences. We awaken when we see popular opinion being wrong but accepted as being right, and what is right being pushed as being wrong. We awaken by seeking answers in corners that are not popular. And we awaken by turning on the light inside when everything outside feels dark.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Only through Beauty's morning-gate, dost thou penetrate the land of knowledge.”
― Friedrich von Schiller

“The Self-revealing of the Word is in every dimension - above, in creation; below, in the Incarnation; in the depth, in Hades; in the breadth, throughout the world. All things have been filled with the knowledge of God.”
― St. Athanasius, On the Incarnation

“Alle Wege führen zur Erkenntnis der Nichtigkeit aller Dinge, aber keiner führt zurück.”
― Juli Zeh, Spieltrieb

“In the beginning..
when ray and day hadn't yet come into existence at all,
there was a kind of radiance that illuminates universe.
That radiance is the light of knowledge and goodness.
That radiance will persistently and consistently shines brightly
even after all the stars and moons in this vast universe died out.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“True beauty is measured by the number of pearls within you, not those around your neck.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“We must make haste then, not only because we are daily nearer to death, but also because the conception of things and the understanding of them cease first.”
― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations

“Only the subject's individual consciousness can testify for the unwitnessed acts, and there is no act more deprived of external testimony than the act of knowing.”
― Olavo de Carvalho

“We oft know little of who we were, only something of who we are, and nothing of who we may be.”
― Charlie Fletcher, Silvertongue

“But shortcuts are dangerous; we cannot delude ourselves that our knowledge is further along than it actually is.”
― Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Finding Flow: The Psychology of Engagement with Everyday Life

“The motive that impels modern reason to know must be described as the desire to conquer and dominate. For the Greek philosophers and the Fathers of the church, knowing meant something different: it meant knowing in wonder. By knowing or perceiving one participates in the life of the other. Here knowing does not transform the counterpart into the property of the knower; the knower does not appropriate what he knows. On the contrary, he is transformed through sympathy, becoming a participant in what he perceives.”
― Jurgen Moltmann, The Trinity and the Kingdom

“Whoever has received knowledge
and eloquence in speech from God
should not be silent or secretive
but demonstrate it willingly.
When a great good is widely heard of,
then, and only then, does it bloom,
and when that good is praised by man,
it has spread its blossoms.”
― Marie de France

“More profoundly, Nihilist "simplification" may be seen in the universal prestige today accorded the lowest order of knowledge, the scientific, as well as the simplistic ideas of men like Marx, Freud, and Darwin, which underlie virtually the whole of contemporary thought and life.

We say "life," for it is important to see that the Nihilist history of our century has not been something imposed from without or above, or at least has not been predominantly this; it has rather presupposed, and drawn its nourishment from, a Nihilist soil that has long been preparing in the hearts of the people. It is precisely from the Nihilism of the commonplace, from the everyday Nihilism revealed in the life and thought and aspiration of the people, that all the terrible events of our century have sprung.
The world-view of Hitler is very instructive in this regard, for in him the most extreme and monstrous Nihilism rested upon the foundation of a quite unexceptional and even typical Realism. He shared the common faith in "science," "progress," and "enlightenment" (though not, of course, in "democracy"), together with a practical materialism that scorned all theology, metaphysics, and any thought or action concerned with any other world than the "here and now," priding himself on the fact that he had "the gift of reducing all problems to their simplest foundations." He had a crude worship of efficiency and utility that freely tolerated "birth control", laughed at the institution of marriage as a mere legalization of a sexual impulse that should be "free", welcomed sterilization of the unfit, despised "unproductive elements" such as monks, saw nothing in the cremation of the dead but a "practical" question and did not even hesitate to put the ashes, or the skin and fat, of the dead to "productive use." He possessed the quasi-anarchist distrust of sacred and venerable institutions, in particular the Church with its "superstitions" and all its "outmoded" laws and ceremonies. He had a naive trust in the "natural mom, the "healthy animal" who scorns the Christian virtues--virginity in particular--that impede the "natural functioning" of the body. He took a simple-minded delight in modern conveniences and machines, and especially in the automobile and the sense of speed and "freedom" it affords.

There is very little of this crude Weltanschauung that is not shared, to some degree, by the multitudes today, especially among the young, who feel themselves "enlightened" and "liberated," very little that is not typically "modern.”
― Seraphim Rose

“Those swift to think are not always secure.”
― Sophocles

“Whatever people in general do not understand, they are always prepared to dislike; the incomprehensible is always the obnoxious.”
― Letitia Landon

“Shall any gazer see with mortal eyes,
Or any searcher know by mortal mind,
Veil after veil will lift--but there must be
Veil upon veil behind.”
― Edwin Arnold, The Light of Asia

“Life, just like the stars, the planets and the galaxies, is just a temporary structure on the long road from order to disorder. But that doesn't make us insignificant, because we are the Cosmos made conscious. Life is the means by which the universe understands itself. And for me, our true significance lies in our ability to understand and explore this beautiful universe.”
― Brian Cox

“Oh, I have a habit of letting myself be lectured on the things I know best. I like to see if they are understood in the same way I understand; for there are many ways of knowing the same thing”
― Alfred de Vigny, Stello

“Knowing is not enough. You must accept My blessings in order to attain a better life. You must embrace a higher level of consciousness.”
― Mary B. Morrison

“It's common platitude that knowledge is neutral but every now and then it would be useful if it was on your side and not theirs.”
― John Brunner, The Jagged Orbit

“I remembered that once, as a child, I was filled with wonder, that I had marveled at tri-folded science projects, encyclopedias, and road atlases. I left much of that wonder somewhere back in Baltimore. Now I had the privilege of welcoming it back like a long-lost friend, though our reunion was laced with grief; I mourned over all the years that were lost. The mourning continues. Even today, from time to time, I find myself on beaches watching six-year-olds learn to surf, or at colleges listening to sophomores slip from English to Italian, or at cafés seeing young poets flip though "The Waste Land," or listening to the radio where economists explain economic things that I could've explored in my lost years, mourning, hoping that I and all my wonder, my long-lost friend, have not yet run out of time, though I know that we all run out of time, and some of us run out of it faster.”
― Ta-Nehisi Coates, We Were Eight Years in Power: An American Tragedy

“Wenn du weißt, behaupte, dass du es weißt. Und wenn du etwas nicht weißt, gib zu, dass du es nicht weißt. Das ist Wissen.”
― Konfuzius

“If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Am I a fraud, then, or a scholar? I am both, of course, as we all are. Half of what I know I do not believe. Half of what I believe I cannot prove. For the rest, I hope to muddle through and my mistakes go without comment.”
― Nick Harkaway, Gnomon

“The ultimate goal of humanity is knowledge.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Schopenhauer remarked that buying books would be better if you could also buy the time to read them. Books are different from natural objects in that they can overwhelm us in a way that nature’s abundance rarely does. There has always been too much to know; the universe is thoroughly baffling. When we walk into a bookstore, it is easy to feel oppressed by the amount of knowledge on tap. Why don’t we have the same feeling in a forest, at the beach, in a big city, or simply in breathing? There is more going on in our body every second than we will ever understand, and yet we rarely feel bothered by our inability to know it all. Books, however, are designed to make demands on our attention and time: they hail us in ways that nature rarely does. A thing is what Heidegger calls zunichtsgedrängt, relaxed and bothered about nothing. A plant or stone is as self-sufficient as the Aristotelian god or Heidegger’s slacker things, but books are needy. They cry out for readers as devils hunger for souls.”
― John Durham Peters, The Marvelous Clouds: Toward a Philosophy of Elemental Media

“A problem well put is half solved.”
― John Dewey

“من ظن أنه بقراءة كتاب أو أكثر صار مفكراً .. أو أديباً.. فهو واهم، ومن أمسك بتلابيب الفتوى في أمور الدين أو الدنيا لمجرد حفظه لعشر أحاديث وبعض قصار السور فهو مفتون”
― كريم الشاذلي, مالم يخبرني به أبي عن الحياة

“Learning isn't acquiring knowledge so much as it is trimming information that has already been acquired.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Mercy!" cried Gandalf. "If the giving of knowledge is to be the cure of your inquisitiveness, I shall spend all the rest of my days in answering you. What more should you like to know?"

"The names of all the stars, and of all living things, and the whole history of Middle-Earth and Over-heave and of the Sundering Seas," laughed Pippin. "Of course! What less?”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

“Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.”
― Brian Tracy

“The power of thought is the light of knowledge, the power of will is the energy of character, the power of heart is love. Reason, love and power of will are perfections of man.”
― Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity

“In search of Truth the hopeful zealot goes,
But all the sadder tums, the more he knows!”
― H.P. Lovecraft

“Generally in life, knowledge is acquired to be used. But school learning more often fits Freire's apt metaphor: knowledge is treated like money, to be put away in a bank for the future.”
― Seymour Papert, The Children's Machine: Rethinking School In The Age Of The Computer

“If things far away don’t concern you, you’ll soon mourn things close at hand.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“Neglect of mathematics work injury to all knowledge, since he who is ignorant of it cannot know the other sciences or things of this world. And what is worst, those who are thus ignorant are unable to perceive their own ignorance, and so do not seek a remedy.”
― Roger Bacon, Mathematics

“A fool can easily be known(identified) by what proceeds from his or her mouth.”
― Adedayo kingjerry

“The family is the cradle of the world's misinformation.”
― Don DeLillo, White Noise

“If it is not strong upon your heart to practice what you read, to what end do you read? To increase your own condemnation? If your light and knowledge be not turned into practice, the more knowing a man you are, the more miserable a man you will be in the day of recompense; your light and knowledge will more torment you than all the devils in hell. Your knowledge will be that rod that will eternally lash you, and that scorpion that will forever bite you, and that worm that will everlastingly gnaw you; therefore read, and labor to know that you may do--or else you are undone forever.”
― Thomas Brooks

“Knowing trees, I came to realize, understand and appreciate the act of patience.”
― Ogwo David Emenike

“The ability to withstand the flinch comes with the knowledge that the future will be better than the past.”
― Julien Smith, The Flinch

“Mathematical Knowledge adds a manly Vigour to the Mind, frees it from Prejudice, Credulity, and Superstition.”
― John Arbuthnot

“Bohr's standpoint, that a space-time description is impossible, I reject a limine. Physics does not consist only of atomic research, science does not consist only of physics, and life does not consist only of science. The aim of atomic research is to fit our empirical knowledge concerning it into our other thinking. All of this other thinking, so far as it concerns the outer world, is active in space and time. If it cannot be fitted into space and time, then it fails in its whole aim and one does not know what purpose it really serves.”
― Erwin Schrödinger

“Science says the first word on everything, and the last word on nothing.”
― Victor Hugo

“I see at last that all the knowledge

I wrung from the darkness—that the darkness flung me—
Is worthless as ignorance: nothing comes from nothing,
The darkness from the darkness. Pain comes from the darkness
And we call it wisdom. It is pain.”
― Randall Jarrell, The Complete Poems

“When I wanted to know something, I wanted it undistorted by somebody else's imperfect knowledge.”
― Milton Erickson

“We're very familiar with the idea that some things are so complex they're beyond our comprehension. This not only keeps us solving and experimenting but also distracted. Many things are really so simple we can't see them under our big noses.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Aujourd'hui, on cherche partout à répandre le savoir; qui sait si, dans quelques siècles, il n'y aura pas des universités pour rétablir l'ancienne ignorance?”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg, Dieses Und Jenes: Aufsätze Und Aphorismen

“The purpose of collecting so much information can only be power.”
― Nick Drake, Nefertiti: The Book of the Dead

“A love affair with knowledge will never end in heartbreak.”
― Michael Marino

“Anyone with half a mind could see that," said Tiffany.
Miss Tick sighed. "Yes. But sometimes it's so hard to find half a mind when you need one.”
― Terry Pratchett

“Never confuse a hunger for knowledge with a thirst for truth.”
― Marty Rubin

“The postgrad at least knew enough to know that he would never know enough, lying under the stars which hung from the inky sky like bunches of inconceivably heavy, lustrous grapes, dusted with the yeast of eternity.”
― Will Self

“You may find that knowledge is not so great a thing as belief or hope.”
― Mark Rude, The Gold Cat’s Daughter

“Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder

“Truth ain't be in secret site to be found.
It lies within certain levels of understanding and knowledge.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“When all this is over, people will try to blame the Germans alone, and the Germans will try to blame the Nazis alone, and the Nazis will try to blame Hitler alone. They will make him bear the sins of the world. But it's not true. You suspected what was happening, and so did I. It was already too late over a year ago. I caused a reporter to lose his job because you told me to. He was deported. The day I did that I made my little contribution to civilization, the only one that matters.”
― Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio

“You can know a thing to death and be for all purposes completely ignorant of it. A man can know his father, or his son, and there might still be nothing between them but loyalty and love and mutual incomprehension.”
― Marilynne Robinson, Gilead

“Her searches after knowledge were arbitrary and without context. It was as if she were shining a small flashlight of curiosity into the dark room of the world.”
― Gloria Steinem, Marilyn

“The propensity to excessive simplification is indeed natural to the mind of man, since it is only by abstraction and generalisation, which necessarily imply the neglect of a multitude of particulars, that he can stretch his puny faculties so as to embrace a minute portion of the illimitable vastness of the universe. But if the propensity is natural and even inevitable, it is nevertheless fraught with peril, since it is apt to narrow and falsify our conception of any subject under investigation. To correct it partially - for to correct it wholly would require an infinite intelligence - we must endeavour to broaden our views by taking account of a wide range of facts and possibilities; and when we have done so to the utmost of our power, we must still remember that from the very nature of things our ideas fall immeasurably short of the reality.”
― James George Frazer, The Magic Art and the Evolution of Kings, Part 1

“... informed ignorance provides the natural state of mind for research scientists at the ever-shifting frontiers of knowledge. People who believe themselves ignorant of nothing have neither looked for, nor stumbled upon, the boundary between what is known and unknown in the cosmos.”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson, Origins: Fourteen Billion Years of Cosmic Evolution

“If I reveal myself without worrying about how others will respond, then some will care, though others may not. But who can love me, if no one knows me? I must risk it, or live alone.”
― Sheldon B. Kopp

“We must not attach knowledge to the mind, we have to incorporate it there.”
― Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays

“Go on, my dear," urges the snake. "Take one. Hear it? 'Pluck me,' it's saying. That big, shiny red one. 'Pluck me, pluck me now and pluck me hard.' You know you want to."

"But God," quotes Eve, putting out feelers for an agent provacateur, clever girl, "expressly forbids us to eat the fruit from the Tree of Knowledge."

"Ah yessssss, God ... But God gave us life, did He not? And God gave us desire, did He not? And God gave us taste, did He not? And who else but God made the damned apples in the first place? So what else is life for but to tassste the fruit we desire?"

Eve folds her arms schoolgirlishly. "God expressly forbade it. Adam said."

The snake grins through his fangs, admiring Eve's playacting. "God is a nice enough chap in His way. I daresay He means well. But between you and The Tree of Knowledge, He is terribly insecure."

"Insecure? He made the entire bloody universe! He's omnipotent."

"Exactly! Almost neurotic, isn't it? All this worshiping, morning, noon, and night. It's 'Oh Praise Him, Oh Praise Him, Oh Praise the Everlassssting Lord.' I don't call that omnipotent. I call it pathetic. Most independent authorities agree that God has never sufficiently credited the work of virtual particles in the creation of the universssse. He raises you and Adam on this diet of myths while all the really interesting information is locked up in these juicy apples. Seven days? Give me a break.”
― David Mitchell, Ghostwritten

“If you want to really know something you have to observe or experience it in person; if you claim to know something on the basis of hearsay, or on happening to see it in a book, you'll be a laughingstock to those who really know.”
― Jonathan D. Spence, Emperor of China: Self-Portrait of K'ang-Hsi

“We dream, we wake on a cold hillside, we pursue the dream again. In the beginning was the dream, and the work of disenchantment never ends.”
― Kim Stanley Robinson, Icehenge

“All we know is what we're told.”
― Ashly Lorenzana

“One had to live a long time to know a man's true nature.”
― Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera

“Wilderness gave us knowledge. Wilderness made us human. We came from here. Perhaps that is why so many of us feel a strong bond to this land called Serengeti; it is the land of our youth.”
― Boyd Norton, Serengeti: The Eternal Beginning

“Knowledge isn't truth. It's just mindless agreement. You agree with me, I agree with someone else - we all have knowledge. We haven't come any closer to the truth. You can never understand anything by agreeing, by making definitions. Only by turning over the possibilities. That's called thinking. If I say "I know", I stop thinking. As long as I keep thinking, I come to understand. That way, I might approach some truth.”
― Terry Johnson, Plays 1: Insignificance / Unsuitable for Adults / Cries from the Mammal House

“At present nothing is possible except to extend the area of sanity little by little. We cannot act collectively. We can only spread our knowledge outwards from individual to individual, generation after generation.”
― George Orwell, 1984

“She had discovered that her love of knowing was not unnatural or sinful but the direct consequence of a God-given ability to reason.”
― Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan

“I don't know much more than I did when I was alive. Most of the stuff I know now that I didn't know then I can't put into words.”
― Neil Gaiman, American Gods

“The novel was born with the Modern Era, which made man, to quote Heidegger, the "only real subject," the ground for everything. It is largely through the novel that man as an individual was established on the European scene. Away from the novel, in our real lives, we know very little about our parents as they were before our birth; we have only fragmentary knowledge of the people close to us: we see them come and go and scarcely have they vanished than their place is taken over by others: they form a long line of replaceable beings. Only the novel separates out an individual, trains a light on his biography, his ideas, his feelings, makes him irreplaceable: makes him the center of everything.”
― Milan Kundera, Encounter

“In that case, on behalf of Earthlife, I urge that, with full knowledge of our limitations, we vastly increase our knowledge of the Solar System and then begin to settle other worlds.”
― Carl Sagan

“Trivia are not knowledge. Lists of facts don't comprise knowledge. Analyzing, hypothesizing, concluding from data, sharing insights, those comprise knowledge. You can't google for knowledge.”
― Elaine Chaika

“I have sent books and music there, and all / Those instruments with which high spirits call / The future from its cradle, and the past / Out of its grave, and make the present last / In thoughts and joys which sleep, but cannot die, / Folded within their own eternity.”
― Percy Bysshe Shelley, Shelley's Poetry and Prose

“The greatest challenge that has surreptitiously arisen in our age is the challenge of knowledge, indeed, not as against ignorance; but knowledge as conceived and disseminated throughout the world by Western civilization; knowledge whose nature has become problematic because it has lost its true purpose due to being unjustly conceived, and has thus brought about chaos in man's life instead of, and rather than, peace and justice; knowledge which pretends to be real but which is productive of confusion and scepticism, which has elevated doubt and conjecture to the 'scientific' rank in methodology; knowledge which has, for the first time in history, brought chaos to the Three Kingdom of Nature; the animal, vegetal and mineral.”
― Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality

“But there are roughly two sorts of informed people, aren't there? People who start off right by observing the pitfalls and mistakes and going round them, and the people who fall into them and get out and know they're there because of that. They both come to the same conclusions but they don't have quite the same point of view.”
― Margery Allingham, Dancers in Mourning

“If you ask me what remains to be known in the future, I’ll say, ‘Memorize all the world’s encyclopedias.’ Once you do that, forget all that fancy junk and rake the leaves – else I’m gonna take a stick to you, boy.”
― M.C. Humphreys

“Politics:
Lies about the truth,
or the truth about lies?”
― Silverwolf

“One is seldom unchanged by the death of those one loves. It gives me a deeper knowledge of them, and so of oneself in regard to them.”
― Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch

“Wandering across the vast room, I stopped at a set of shelves as high as the ceiling, and holding about six hundred volumes - all classics on the history of Soalris, starting with the nine volumes of Giese's monumental and already relatively obsolescent monograph. Display for its own sake was improbable in these surroundings. The collection was a respective tribute to the memory of the pioneers. I took down the massive volumes of Giese and sat leafing through them. Rheya had also located som reading matter. Looking over her shoulder, I saw that she had picked one of the many books brought out by the first expedition, the Interplanetary Cookery Book, which could have been the personal property of Giese himself. She was pouring over the recipes adapted to the arduous conditions of interstellar flight. I said nothing, and returned to the book resting on my knees. Solaris - Ten Years of Exploration had appeared as volumes 4-12 of the Solariana collection whose most recent additions were numbered in the thousands.”
― Stanislaw Lem, Solaris

“The striving of humanity for knowledge and truth [can] not be suppressed. The growth of the spirit [is]an essential part of Creation; it was planned like the growth of the body, of the plants and animals and people - every living thing that God had created.”
― Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss

“trichloroethane [...] All my extensive testing has shown this to be the best treatment for a dangerous excess of human knowledge”
― Chuck Palahniuk

“Trzymajcie się z dala od człowieka, który pracował w pocie czoła nad rozwiązaniem jakiejś zagadki, rozwiązał ją i stwierdził, że nie jest mądrzejszy niż przedtem - powiada Bokonon. - Przepełnia go bowiem mordercza pogarda do ludzi, którzy są równie głupi jak on, ale nie doszli do swojej głupoty równie ciężką pracą.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle

“A book is a product of a pact with the Devil that inverts the Faustian contract, he'd told Allie. Dr Faustus sacrificed eternity in return for two dozen years of power; the writer agrees to the ruination of his life, and gains (but only if he's lucky) maybe not eternity, but posterity, at least. Either way (this was Jumpy's point) it's the Devil who wins.”
― Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses

“Spiritual literature can be a great aid to an aspirant, or it can be a terrible hindrance. If it is used to inspire practice, motivate compassion, ad nourish devotion, it serves a very valuable purpose. If scriptural study is used for mere intellectual understanding, for pride of accomplishment, or as a substitute for actual practice, then one is taking in too much mental food, which is sure to result in intellectual indigestion. (152)”
― Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras

“It is high time for the living to get tough, for toughness is indispensable in the struggle to safeguard and develop the life-force; this will not detract from their goodness, as long as they stand courageously by the truth. There is ground for hope in the fact that among millions of decent, hard-working people there are only a few plague-ridden individuals, who do untold harm by appealing to the dark, dangerous drives of the armored average man and mobilizing him for political murder. There is but one antidote to the average man's predisposition to plague: his own feelings for true life. The life force does not seek power but demands only to play its full and acknowledged part in human affairs. It manifests itself through love, work and knowledge.”
― Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!

“One might suppose that reality must be held to at all costs. However, though that may be the moral thing to do, it is not necessarily the most useful thing to do. The Greeks themselves chose the ideal over the real in their geometry and demonstrated very well that far more could be achieved by consideration of abstract line and form than by a study of the real lines and forms of the world; the greater understanding achieved through abstraction could be applied most usefully to the very reality that was ignored in the process of gaining knowledge.”
― Isaac Asimov

“A wonderful area for speculative academic work is the unknowable. These days religious subjects are in disfavor, but there are still plenty of good topics. The nature of consciousness, the workings of the brain, the origin of aggression, the origin of language, the origin of life on earth, SETI and life on other worlds...this is all great stuff. Wonderful stuff. You can argue it interminably. But it can't be contradicted, because nobody knows the answer to any of these topics.”
― Michael Crichton

“The more you test him, the slower he will learn and the less he'll want to do. The less you test him, the quicker he will learn and the more he'll want to learn. Knowledge is the most precious gift you can give your child. Give it as generously as you give him food.”
― Glenn Doman, How to Teach Your Baby Math

“Curiosity is a call from knowledge.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“نثق ثقة عمياء بمن يرشدنا ، معتقدين أن مدى معرفتهم يفوق معرفتنا”
― Paulo Coelho, The Witch of Portobello

“Its a bit mad. Too bad, I mean, that getting to know each just for a fleeting second
Must be replaced by unperfect knowledge of the featureless whole
Like some pocket history of the world, so general
As to constitute a sob or wail”
― John Ashbery, Self-Portrait in a Convex Mirror

“In all of knowable reality, God is unique. He is knowable not like the multiplication table or the table of elements; he alone is knowable as the one totally in control of being known. He is not at the disposal of the human mind. He is known when he wills to be known. Yet he is known in and through created reality, which is known naturally. Therefore the glory of God is exalted most not when we know God apart from observation and reading and study, but when we know God as a result of his free and gracious self-revelation in and through our earnest observation of and meditation on his work and Word in history.”
― John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God

“The acquisition of knowledge always involves the revelation of ignorance - almost is the revelation of ignorance. Our knowledge of the world instructs us first of all that the world is greater than our knowledge of it. To those who rejoice in the abundance and intricacy in Creation, this is a source of joy, as it is to those who rejoice in freedom...
To those would-be solvers of "the human problem," who hope for knowledge equal to (capable of controlling) the world, it is a source of unremitting defeat and bewilderment. The evidence is overwhelming that knowledge does not solve "the human problem." Indeed, the evidence overwhelmingly suggests - with Genesis - that knowledge is the problem. Or perhaps we should say instead that all our problems tend to gather under two questions about knowledge: Having the ability and desire to know, how and what should we learn? And, having learned, how and for what should we use what we know? (pg. 183, People, Land, and Community)”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“...knowledge imprisons you. You cannot escape it. What you know you cannot unknow. That's why knowledge is dangerous. Learning will redefine your world, irreversibly.”
― Noam Shpancer, The Good Psychologist

“One of the greatest pieces of economic wisdom is to know what you do not know.”
― John Kenneth Galbraith

“Mind of a loving heart is the fountain of knowledge.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Stress the right of the individual to select only what he desires to know, to use any knowledge as he wishes, that he himself owns what he has learned.”
― L. Ron Hubbard

“There's no guarantee of disaster-free in any world religion,
but love, faith and knowledge give men hope and willpower.”
― Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident], My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“In order to exert influence over people, there were other things that could be used besides love. Knowledge seemed to be an equally strong force, perhaps even stronger. Whoever possessed knowledge not only had power over the changeable passions of people, but also power over their thinking, over their minds, hearts and souls.”
― Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss

“Without a spiritual wakefulness to divine purposes and connections in all things, we will not know things for what they truly are.”
― John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God

“Truth resists being projected into the realm of knowledge.”
― Walter Benjamin, Reflections: Essays, Aphorisms, Autobiographical Writings

“The Encyclopedia--the advance artillery of reason, the armada of philosophy, the siege engine of the enlightenment...”
― Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss

“Amory, sorry for them, was still not sorry for himself - art, politics, religion, whatever his medium should be, he knew he was safe now, free from all hysteria - he could accept what was acceptable, roam, grow, rebel, sleep deep through many nights...
There was no God in his heart, he knew; his ideas were still in riot; there was ever the pain of memory; the regret for his lost youth - yet the waters of disillusion had left a deposit on his soul, responsibility and a love of life, the faint stirring of old ambitions and unrealized dreams...
And he could not tell why the struggle was worth while, why he had determined to use to the utmost himself and his heritage from the personalities he had passed...
He stretched out his arms to the crystalline, radiant sky.
"I know myself," he cried, "but that is all.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise

“New knowledge enhances an ever increasing sense of our own ignorance. The more we know, the more we know we don't know. Feynman called it 'the expanding frontier of ignorance'.”
― Matt Baldwin, Snow rising

“Whoever possessed knowledge not only had power over the changeable passions of people, but also power over their thinking, over their minds, hearts and souls.”
― Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss

“The phrase ‘popular science’ has in itself a touch of absurdity. That knowledge which is popular is not scientific.”
― Maria Mitchell

“There is nothing so minute or inconsiderable that I would not rather know it than not know it.”
― Samuel Johnson

“Size does matter.
Nano even better.”
― Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident], Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“It wasn't science and technology that cause a slow progress,
but collective knowledge of the society and market demands.”
― Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“... the proper self-knowledge and self-love of every created thing is ipso facto a participation in the knowledge and love of God. The entire universe moves by desire for the Highest Good simply because every part of it loves what God loves - namely, its own being.”
― Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace

“Nothing good was learnt too swiftly. Knowledge should be a purposeful accumulance of observed experience, applied and tested to the full.”
― Jane Borodale, The Book of Fires

“O fogo é um preciso aliado do homem mas é perigos para uma criança que não o saiba utilizar. Passa-se o mesmo com certos conhecimentos. À escala da humanidade os homens não são mais do que crianças, olhai o nosso mundo e vede como nos falta educação.”
― Marc Levy, Le premier jour

“In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“The knowledge that we consider knowledge proves itself in action. What we now mean by knowledge is information in action, information focused on results.”
― Peter F. Drucker

“If people in the position of power are not made to be accountable, then, ungodliness, injustice and oppression will continue to be the order of the day in the society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Foresight of phenomenon and power over them depend on knowledge of their sequences, and not upon any notion we may have formed respecting their origin or inmost nature.”
― John Stuart Mill, Auguste Comte And Positivism

“We live in the hope that life will be different. Just a little more substance perhaps in the intrinsic frailty of the days. Such resignation frightens me. Between gunshots I get drunk. In secret, all knowledge becomes anxiety.”
― Floriano Martins

“Knowledge was the great thing--not abstract knowledge in which Dr. Forester had been so rich, the theories which lead one enticingly on with their appearance of nobility, of transcendent virtue, but detailed, passionate, trivial human knowledge.”
― Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear

“The spaces between the perceiver and the thing perceived can [...] be closed with a shout of recognition.”
― Timothy Findley, The Wars

“Ignorance of the law of irreducibility was no excuse. I could no longer excuse myself with the claim that I didn't know the law -- for knowledge of self and of the world is the law that, even though unattainable, cannot be broken, and no one can excuse himself by saying that he doesn't know it. . . . The renewed originality of the sin is this: I have to carry out my unknowing, I shall be sinning originally against life.”
― Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.

“What is the universe
but a lot of waves
And a craving desire
is a wave…”
― Jack Kerouac, Scattered Poems

“There is a knowledge that is beyond the mind and the intellect, it is the wisdom of consciousness.”
― Belsebuub

“They had applied their doubts to the very head that had introduced doubt as a tool for advancing knowledge. And in the end they gave the head a nod.”
― Russell Shorto, Descartes' Bones: A Skeletal History of the Conflict Between Faith and Reason

“Whenever we talk about darkness and light, the terms seem so abstract that many consider the answers to be found in meditation and yoga, but I’m here to tell you that the answers are in the books you will never read, waiting all your life in the libraries you ignored and the bookstores you didn’t visit. I’m here to tell you as well that you are your own Satan and evil can’t possibly interfere more in your life than what you’re already doing to yourself by remaining ignorant. Until you choose the light, darkness is your personal choice, and there’s no reason to feel any empathy for you.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“The final discovery is the discovery of knowledge.”
― Kedar Joshi

“Most often, what I don’t know will have a vastly greater bearing on my life that what I do know.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Knowledge may be power, but cake has great bargaining properties”
― Julia Seitz

“Illiteracy is the number one promoter of ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“THREE BASIC TRUTHS

Three things have a limited threshold:
Time, pain, and death.
While truth, love, and knowledge –
Are boundless.

Three things are needed
For humanity to co-exist:
Truth, peace and basic needs.
Everything else -
Is irrelevant.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“Der Lehrer [...] gibt nicht von seiner Weisheit, sondern eher von seinem Glauben und seiner Liebe.”
― Khalil Gibran

“The principles you know determines what you get”
― Sunday Adelaja

“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“The person who knows his calling will find opportunities everywhere”
― Sunday Adelaja

“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
― Compton Gage

“time's precious, waste it wisely”
― kayser U

“Books you have read share a deep ontological similarity with books you haven't: both can be profoundly fuzzy. At times books you haven't read shine more brightly than those you have, and often reading part of a book will shape your mind more decisively than reading all of it; there is no inherent epistemic superiority to having read a book or not having read it.”
― john durham peters, The Marvelous Clouds: Toward a Philosophy of Elemental Media

“And so even the righteous heart is besieged by the blinding light of false knowledge. Falsity is like an ocean that presses around solitary moments of truth, treatening to overwhelm or blind the seekers of knowledge, to eradicate them in an instant of self-deceiving brilliance.
Knowledge is power; it guards our souls - guard it well.”
― CS Goto

“Libraries are medieval forests masking opportunity and danger; every aisle is a path, every catalog reference a clue to the location of the Holy Grail. It is here that I become privy to the sacred songs of kings and the ballads of rogues. Here are tales of life-and-death struggles of other wayfarers as they battle personal dragons and woo fair maidens. Walking down this hallway, I am a knight entering the forest in search of the truth...”
― Jack Cavanaugh, Hideous Beauty

“To be scientifically literate is to empower yourself to know when someone else is full of shit.”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson

“If you want something, work for it. Prayer is super-fantstic, faith is 'mwah'! But work is necessary and important. So work for what you want.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah, THE HONEYMOON: A SACRED AND UNFORGETTABLE SAVOUR OF A BLISSFUL MARITAL JOURNEY

“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
― Rashedur Ryan Rahman

“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“When you optimize your talents very well, you can pick money from people's pockets and nobody will ever get the guts to call you a thief.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Sorrow is knowledge: they who know the most must mourn the deepest o’er the fatal truth, the Tree of Knowledge is not that of Life.”
― George Gordon Byron, Manfred

“My father used to tell me that stories offer the listener a chance to escape but, more importantly, he said, they provide people with a chance to maximize their minds. Suspend ordinary constraints, allow the imagination to be freed, and we are charged with the capability of heighetned thought.
Learn to use your eyes as if they are your ears, he said, and you become connected with the ancient heritage of man, a dream world for the waking mind.”
― Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams

“One of the dumbest things you were ever taught was to write what you know. Because what you know is usually dull. Remember when you first wanted to be a writer? Eight or ten years old, reading about thin-lipped heroes flying over mysterious viny jungles toward untold wonders? That's what you wanted to write about, about what you didn't know. So. What mysterious time and place don't we know?"

[Remember This: Write What You Don't Know (New York Times Book Review, December 31, 1989)]”
― Ken Kesey

“So you say faith is not enough for you and you want knowledge, too. But knowledge does not involve spiritual effort; knowledge is obvious. Faith assumes effort. Knowledge is repose and faith is motion.”
― Evgenij Vodolazkin, Laurus

“Total knowledge is annihilation
Of the desire to see, to touch, to feel
The world sensed only through senses
And immune to the knowledge without feeling.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“It was strange how she found out, One moment she didn't know; the next minute she did. One moment her mind was as blank as the desert; the next minute the snake of suspicion had slithered into her thoughts and raised its poisonous head.”
― Thrity Umrigar, The Space Between Us

“Which do you think is more valuable to humanity?

a. Finding ways to tell humans that they have free will despite the incontrovertible fact that their actions are completely dictated by the laws of physics as instantiated in our bodies, brains and environments? That is, engaging in the honored philosophical practice of showing that our notion of "free will" can be compatible with determinism?

or

b. Telling people, based on our scientific knowledge of physics, neurology, and behavior, that our actions are predetermined rather than dictated by some ghost in our brains, and then sussing out the consequences of that conclusion and applying them to society?



Of course my answer is b).”
― Jerry A. Coyne

“Ignorance, when voluntary, is criminal, and a man may be properly charged with that evil which he neglected or refused to learn how to prevent.”
― Samuel Johnson, The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia

“Let the love of the moon kiss you good night,
let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The path of light is the quest for knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“The function of a nutrient is to become transmuted, not to leave unaltered traces.”
― Idries Shah, The Sufis

“Later times have laid all the blame upon the Goths and Vandals, but, however unwilling the partizans of the Christian system may be to believe or to acknowledge it, it is nevertheless true, that the age of ignorance commenced with the Christian system.There was more knowledge in the world before that period, than for many centuries afterwards; and as to religious knowledge, the Christian system, as already said, was only another species of mythology; and the mythology to which it succeeded, was a corruption of an ancient system of theism.

It is owing to this long interregnum of science, and to no other cause, that we have now to look back through a vast chasm of many hundred years to the respectable characters we call the Ancients. Had the progression of knowledge gone on proportionably with the stock that before existed, that chasm would have been filled up with characters rising superior in knowledge to each other; and those Ancients we now so much admire would have appeared respectably in the background of the scene. But the christian system laid all waste; and if we take our stand about the beginning of the sixteenth century, we look back through that long chasm, to the times of the Ancients, as over a vast sandy desert, in which not a shrub appears to intercept the vision to the fertile hills beyond.”
― Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason

“We all grow up with the weight of history on us. Our ancestors dwell in the attics of our brains as they do in the spiraling chains of knowledge hidden in every cell of our bodies.”
― Shirley Abbott

“Knowledge is knowing the depth of the ocean. Wisdom is knowing till where to swim.”
― Saleem Sharma

“You can’t destroy knowledge. You can stamp it under and burn it up and forbid it to be, but somewhere it will survive.”
― Leigh Brackett, The Long Tomorrow

“Knowledge unlocks the door to the mysteries of our mistakes; wisdom guides us away from repeating them". HS/el”
― Evinda Lepins, Back to Single

“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”
― Dewayne Owens

“O Heavenly Children, the stories you have concocted in God's name have angered Him; for he would never instigate war between brothers, or encourage tribes to harbor resentment towards one another. He prefers the man who loves over the one who hates. And the man who spreads kindness, peace and knowledge, over the one who spreads lies, fear and terror — and misuses His name.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Invariably, knowledge dictates life, liberty, and death, but those who have historically occupied the seats of power not only dictate what is defined as knowledge but also dictate what’s included, what’s excluded, and how it is filtered to society vis-à-vis America’s major institutions . . . particularly the educational system; ultimately, shaping the very essence of life.”
― Martin Guevara Urbina, Latino Access to Higher Education: Ethnic Realitites and New Directions for the Twenty-first Century

“The only thing that interests the physicist is finding out on what assumptions a framework of things can be constructed which will enable us to know how to use them mechanically. Physics, as I have said on another occasion, is the technique of techniques and the ars combinatoria for fabricating machines. It is a knowledge which has scarcely anything to do with comprehension.”
― José Ortega y Gasset

“There's no short-cut in life but with right knowledge, you can fast-track things to come to pass.”
― Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha

“Awareness is above intellect.
Intellect is above speech.
Speech is above knowledge.
For knowledge in itself is just a name.”
― Gian Kumar

“Praise be to God I’m not good,
And have the natural egotism of flowers
And rivers following their bed
Preoccupied without knowing it
Only with blooming and flowing.
This is the only mission in the World,
This—to exist clearly,
And to know how to do it without thinking about it.)”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep

“It's simple, it's not that simple; or life is simple, but the things in it are not. When a man does not understand it, he tends to inflate it. When he does, he tends to deflate it. In the end, neither images are fully accurate.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“La lectura, asegura, ampliaría mi experiencia del mundo. Las ideas que se encuentran en los libros serios darían profundidad a mis pensamientos sobre cada decisión que tomo.”
― Sena Jeter Naslund

“The phaenomena afforded by trades, are a part of the history of nature, and therefore may both challenge the naturalist's curiosity and add to his knowledge, Nor will it suffice to justify learned men in the neglect and contempt of this part of natural history, that the men, from whom it must be learned, are illiterate mechanicks... is indeed childish, and too unworthy of a philosopher, to be worthy of an honest answer.”
― Robert Boyle

“يظن الغمر أن الكتب تهدى ... ... أخاً فهم لإدراك العلوم
وما يدرى الجهول بأن فيها ... ... غوامض حيرت عقل الفهيم
إذا رمت العلوم بغير شيخ ... ... ضللت عن الصراط المستقيم
وتلتبس الأمور عليك حتى ... ... تصير أضل من 'توما الحكيم”
― أبو حيان التوحيدي

“Anger has its place, but it will not serve you here, the way of the warrior is the way of knowing. Of that knowledge requires you to use anger, then you use anger, but you cannot wrest forth knowledge by losing your temper.”
― Christopher Paolini, Inheritance

“I don't write about what I know: I write in order to find out what I know.”
― Patricia Hampl

“People don't want to know. They have to be made to know. Whether they act on what they know is up to them. But they have to know.”
― Anthony Burgess, Earthly Powers

“Who can tell truth from falsehood any more?
I say it, and you feel it in your hearts:
no man or woman on this big small earth.
How should our sages miss the mark of life,
and our most skillful players lose the game?
your hearts will tell you, as my heart has told me:
because all know, and no one understands.”
― E.E. Cummings

“One thing a man must have: either a naturally light disposition or a disposition lightened by art and knowledge.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human: A Book for Free Spirits

“A person must earn enlightenment, Eragon. It is not handed down to you by others, regardless of how revered they be.”
― Christopher Paolini, Brisingr

“Time after time have nations, ay, and rich and strong nations, learned in the arts, been, and passed away to be forgotten, so that no memory of them remains. This is but one of several; for Time eats up the works of man.”
― H. Rider Haggard, She: A History of Adventure

“Despite popular theories, I believe people fall in love based not on good looks or fate but on knowledge. Either they are amazed by something a beloved knows that they themselves do not know; or they discover a common rare knowledge; or they can supply knowledge to someone who's lacking. Hasn't everyone found a strange ignorance in someone beguiling? . . .Nowadays, trendy librarians, wanting to be important, say, Knowledge is power. I know better. Knowledge is love.”
― Elizabeth McCracken, The Giant's House

“Hence the great irony: Hayek, one of the greatest champions of individual liberty and economic freedom the world has ever known, believed that knowledge was communal. Dewey, the champion of socialism and collectivism, believed that knowledge was individual. Hayek's is a philosophy that treats individuals as the best judges of their own self-interests, which in turn yield staggering communal cooperation. Dewey's was the philosophy of a giant, Monty Pythonesque crowd shouting on cue: "We're All Individuals!”
― Jonah Goldberg, The Tyranny of Clichés: How Liberals Cheat in the War of Ideas

“...to her all books were the same and, as with her subjects, she felt a duty to approach them without prejudice...Lauren Bacall, Winifred Holtby, Sylvia Plath - who were they? Only be reading could she find out.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“I will tell you why I became a philosopher. I became a philosopher because I wanted to be able to talk about many, many things, ideally with knowledge, but sometimes not quite the amount of knowledge that I would need if I were to be a specialist in them. It allows you to be many different things. And plurality and complexity are very, very important to me.”
― Alexander Nehamas

“By the time of the arrival of Islam in the early seventeenth century CE, what we now call the Middle East was divided between the Persian and Byzantine empires. But with the spread of this new religion from Arabia, a powerful empire emerged, and with it a flourishing civilization and a glorious golden age.

Given how far back it stretches in time, the history of the region -- and even of Iraq itself -- is too big a canvas for me to paint. Instead, what I hope to do in this book is take on the nonetheless ambitious task of sharing with you a remarkable story; one of an age in which great geniuses pushed the frontiers of knowledge to such an extent that their work shaped civilizations to this day.”
― Jim Al-Khalili

“Pursue knowledge as though it is your life-blood, then you will know greatness!”
― Monique Rockliffe

“By the external appearance of your knowledge, you have attained (high) ranks and reverence with the people! So seek with Allah higher ranks and closeness by virtue of your hidden good deeds. And know that these two ranks, one cancels out the other.”
― Wuhayb ibn al-Wird

“Maybe knowledge is as fundamental, or even more fundamental than [material] reality.”
― Anton Zeilinger

“Collaborations are the black holes of knowledge regimes. They willingly produce nothingness, opulence and ill behavior. And it is their very vacuity that is their strength...It does not entail the transmission of something from those who have to those who do not, but rather the setting in motion of a chain of unforeseen accesses.”
― Florian Schneider

“If she could no longer be called beautiful, she possessed something better-a knowledge of beauty; it’s inflated value, it’s inevitable loss.”
― Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl

“Many modern artists, philosophers, and theologians reject the knowledge of the past. Thus they must continually start over again from ground zero, their vision restricted to their own narrow perspectives, making themselves artificially primitive.”
― Gene Edward Veith Jr., Loving God with All Your Mind: Thinking as a Christian in a Postmodern World

“Omnipotence and omniscience are the end of power and knowledge.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“I would address one general admonition to all, that they consider what are the true ends of knowledge, and that they seek it not either for pleasure of the mind, or for contention, or for superiority to others, or for profit, or for fame, or power, or any of these inferior things, but for the benefit and use of life; and that they perfect and govern it in charity. For it was from lust of power that the Angels fell, from lust of knowledge that man fell, but of charity there can be no excess, neither did angel or man come in danger by it.”
― Francis Bacon

“They don't understand it. They're not old enough to know the first instinct of irritation should be avoided in order to keep an open mind.”
― Amelia Gray, Museum of the Weird

“We have not given science too big a place in our education, but we have made a perilous mistake in giving it too great a preponderance in method in every other branch of study.”
― Woodrow Wilson

“So, your best defense is knowledge. It really is power, as they say...The more you know, the more easily you will develop your own philosophies about child rearing. When you have your facts straight, and when you have a parenting plan, you will be able to respond with confidence to those who are well-meaning but offering contrary or incorrect advice.”
― Elizabeth Pantley

“You are unwilling to pay that price, even knowing that the consolation prize is not only to learn every philosophy that has ever existed, but ones which have not yet been conceived? Even knowing that if you do not accept, you will soon cease to learn anything at all?"
Raimund tilted his head, still staring into my eyes, and I knew he must see the tears filling them, though I held them back from falling.
"My friend," he whispered, "do you really believe your own words, I wonder? Your pain makes me think you know that death is not the end of learning, but only the beginning.”
― Krisi Keley, Pro Luce Habere Volumes 1 and 2 Combined Edition

“Skepsis wirft Fragen auf, die zu Nachforschungen führen. Das ist sehr hilfreich, um neue Dinge zu entwickeln.”
― Dalai Lama XIV

“The world is a different place in this new century, [...]. And we are a different people. My visions still come but no one listens any longer to what they tell us, what they warn us. I knew even as a young woman that destruction bred on the horizon. [...] War touches everyone, and windigos spring from the earth.”
― Joseph Boyden THREE DAY ROAD p 45

“Baxter knows a lot more than I do, I told her.
Yes, said Baxter, but I will never tell people all of it.”
― Alasdair Gray, Poor Things

“Teile dein Wissen, so erlangst du Unsterblichkeit.”
― Dalai Lama XIV

“Cunoștințele sunt cele care se adună în capul nostru fără să ne fie întotdeauna de vreun folos. Cunoașterea e transformarea unor cunoștințe într-o experiență de viață.”
― Jean-Claude Carrière, Nu sperați că veți scăpa de cărți

“There is no quarrel between science and spirituality. I often hear people of science trying to use it to prove the nonexistence of the spiritual, but I simply can't see a chasm in between the two. What is spiritual produces what is scientific and when science is used to disprove the spiritual, it's always done with the intent to do so; a personal contempt. As a result, scientists today only prove their inferiority to the great founding fathers of the sciences who were practitioners of alchemy. Today's science is washed-out and scrubbed-down and robbed of everything mystical and spiritual, a knowledge born of contempt and discontent. Or perhaps, there are a few who wish to keep those secrets to themselves and serve everyone else up with a tasteless version of science and the idiots of today blindly follow their equally blind leaders.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“A farmer friend of mine told me recently about a busload of middle school children who came to his farm for a tour. The first two boys off the bus asked, "Where is the salsa tree?" They thought they could go pick salsa, like apples and peaches. Oh my. What do they put on SAT tests to measure this? Does anybody care? How little can a person know about food and still make educated decisions about it? Is this knowledge going to change before they enter the voting booth? Now that's a scary thought.”
― Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World

“In my small way, I preserved and catalogued, and dipped into the vast ocean of learning that awaited, knowing all the time that the life of one man was insufficient for even the smallest part of the wonders that lay within. It is cruel that we are granted the desire to know, but denied the time to do so properly. We all die frustrated; it is the greatest lesson we have to learn.”
― Iain Pears, An Instance of the Fingerpost

“With words at your disposal, you can see more clearly. Finding the words is another step in learning to see.”
― Robin Kimmerer

“There is no arguing with the pretenders to a divine knowledge and to a divine mission. They are possessed with the sin of pride. They have yielded to the perennial temptation.”
― Walter Lippmann

“Socrates: This man, on one hand, believes that he knows something, while not knowing [anything]. On the other hand, I – equally ignorant – do not believe [that I know anything].”
― Plato, Apology

“For you see, when us people who know run into each other that's an event. It almost never happens. Sometimes we meet each other and neither guesses that the other is one who knows. That's a bad thing. It's happened to me a lot of times. But you see there are so few of us.”
― Carson McCullers, The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter

“You have a lot to learn, young man. Philosophy. Theology. Literature. Poetry. Drama. History. Archeology. Anthropology. Mythology. Music. These are your tools as much as brush and pigment. You cannot be an artist until you are civilized. You cannot be civilized until you learn. To be civilized is to know where you belong in the continuum of our art and your world. To surmount the past, you must know the past.”
― John Logan

“Farms and food production should be, I submit, at least as important as who pierced their navel in Hollywood this week. Please tell me I'm not the only one who believes this. Please. As a culture, we think we're well educated, but I'm not sure that what we've learned necessarily helps us survive.”
― Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World

“...I like stories very much,” the priest said. “They help me understand myself better.”
― Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories

“In mysticism, knowledge cannot be separated from a certain way of life which becomes its living manifestation. To acquire mystical knowledge means to undergo a transformation; one could even say that the knowledge is the transformation. Scientific knowledge, on the other hand, can often stay abstract and theoretical. Thus most of today’s physicists do not seem to realize the philosophical, cultural and spiritual implications of their theories.”
― Lois McMaster Bujold, The Curse of Chalion

“The Theist tells us that the truth is god exists,
the Atheist tells us that the truth is there is no god,
while the truth tells us we don't know.”
― Kodai Okuda

“We feel that, for the honour of God (and also, though we do not say this, for the sake of our own reputation as spiritual Christians), it is necessary for us to claim that we are, so to speak, already in the signal-box, here and now enjoying the inside information as to the why and wherefore of God’s doings. This comforting pretence becomes part of us: we feel sure that God has enabled us to understand all His ways with us and our circle thus far, and we take if for granted that we shall be able to see at once the reason for anything that may happen to us in the future. And then something very painful and quite inexplicable comes along, and our cheerful illusion of being in God’s secret councils is shattered. Our pride is wounded; we feel that God has slighted us; and unless at this point we repent, and humble ourselves very thoroughly for our former presumption, our whole subsequent spriritual life may be blighted.”
― J.I. Packer, Knowing God

“I’ve learned one thing-people who know the least anyways seem to know it the loudest.”
― Al Capp

“Information is what you put in empty heads to keep them empty.”
― Marty Rubin

“Inexperience people think that books will lead the one of intellect to understanding. But the ignoramus doesn't know that in these books are ambiguos that will confuse even the most intelligent of people. If you try to learn this knowledge without a teacher you will go astray and affairs will become so confusing to you that you will be more astray than Toma*, the physician.

*توما الحكيم”
― Abū Hayyān al-Tawhīdī

“Happiness is what matters, feeling alive-not art or knowledge or money.”
― Marty Rubin

“Humankind has accumulated generation upon generation of knowledge, the culmination of which is the vast and useful technological array we see everywhere in modern society. Despite this great accumulation of knowledge and technology, we still suffer from starvation and war. The difference between the past and the present is the difference between throwing rocks and shooting missiles. We are still in conflict. Suffering on a fundamental level hasn’t ceased. But we nevertheless persist in the notion that if we just amass a bit more knowledge, we’ll all be o.k. Maybe a new philosophy will do the trick, or a new system of government. But all of this has been tried many times.

Knowledge builds on the past and has its place. Wisdom is beyond time. It’s the direct perception of reality as it is. And in this direct seeing of what is lies the potential of transformation—a transformation that is not merely a redecoration of the past but a transformation of humanity that embodies the eternally new.”
― H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation

“While we can learn or study techniques for almost anything we might want to accomplish, real understanding is not the mere accumulation of knowledge. Understanding cannot be realized by listening or reading about the realization of others. It must be achieved firsthand via substantive, direct perception in the moment.”
― H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation

“Flame is not the only fire.” Her tone turned almost stern. “You have brought your folk another spark far greater than any flame. You have opened their eyes to the world, Aljan, shown them lands and peoples formerly beyond their ken. You have whistled them out of their cramped, closed, inward-facing ring and led them into my Dance, the Great Circle and Cycle encompassing all. <…> Nay, flame has not been the greatest of my gifts to you. Knowledge, Aljan, that even now remakes the world. Knowledge is the fire.”
― Meredith Ann Pierce, The Son of Summer Stars

“But nothing in India is identifiable, the mere asking of a question causes it to disappear and merge into something else.”
― E. M. Forster

“It is easy to understand that in the dreary middle ages the Aristotelian logic would be very acceptable to the controversial spirit of the schoolmen, which, in the absence of all real knowledge, spent its energy upon mere formulas and words, and that it would be eagerly adopted even in its mutilated Arabian form, and presently established as the centre of all knowledge.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol. 1

“So we couldn't mingle with them, but we could eavesdrop. We got our knowledge that way--we caught it like germs.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood

“I thought that to get to know a desert it was enough to have been there. I thought that to have seen the dogs dying along the Cholula road, or to have seen the eyes of the lepers at Chiengmai gave me the right to talk about it. To have seen! To have been there! Rubbish! The world is not a book, it proves nothing. The spaces one has crossed were dark corridors with closed doors. The faces of the women to whom one gave oneself up completely: did they speak for anyone but themselves? The cities of man are secret. One walks along their streets, one sees them shine under one's feet, but one is not there, one never enters them. The dusty fields inhabited by people who are hungry, who wait patiently, are paradises of luxury and nourishment; shining at a vast distance from intelligence, at a vast distance from reason. They are not to be subjugated.”
― J.M.G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights

“One might have said that reason made him flee from reason.”
― André Maurois, Disraeli: A Picture of the Victorian Age

“[…] marginile unei cărţi nu sunt niciodată clar şi riguros trasate: dincolo de titlu, de primele rânduri şi de punctul final, mai presus de configuraţia sa internă şi de forma care îi conferă autonomie, ea se află prinsă într-un sistem de trimiteri la alte cărţi, la alte texte, la alte fraze: este un nod într-o reţea.”
― Michel Foucault, The Archaeology of Knowledge & The Discourse on Language

“A man of logic is a man of sin.”
― Mike Norton

“He who asserts belief with absolute certainty knows nothing of faith and makes himself into a fool. He who is wise, upon realizing they have done this, recants and searches themselves for further enlightenment.”
― Cristina Marrero

“The acquisition of a book signalled not just the potential acquisition of knowledge but also something like the property rights to a piece of ground: the knowledge became a visitable place.”
― James Wood

“But it was Aldo’s pen that became his most forceful tool. He started a newsletter for rangers called the Carson Pine Cone. Aldo used it to “scatter seeds of knowledge, encouragement, and enthusiasm.” Most of the Pine Cone’s articles, poems, jokes, editorials, and drawings were Aldo’s own. His readers soon realized that the forest animals were as important to him as the trees. His goal was to bring back the “flavor of the wilds.”
― Marybeth Lorbiecki, Things, Natural, Wild, and Free: The Life of Aldo Leapold

“The positivists have a simple solution: the world must be divided into that which we can say clearly and the rest, which we had better pass over in silence. But can anyone conceive of a more pointless philosophy, seeing that what we can say clearly amounts to next to nothing? If we omitted all that is unclear, we would probably be left completely uninteresting and trivial tautologies.”
― Werner Heisenberg

“Every other knowledge is harmful to him who does not have knowledge of goodness.”
― Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays

“Science is often misrepresented as ‘the body of knowledge acquired by performing replicated controlled experiments in the laboratory.’ Actually, science is something broader: the acquisition of reliable knowledge about the world.”
― Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed

“There were long stretches of DNA in between genes that didn't seem to be doing very much; some even referred to these as "junk DNA," though a certain amount of hubris was required for anyone to call any part of the genome "junk," given our level of ignorance.”
― Francis S. Collins, The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief

“Wolf's wool is the best wool, but it cannot be sheared, because the wolf will not comply. With knowledge as with wolves' surliness, the student studies voluntarily, refusing to be less than individual. He "gives his opinion and then rests upon it"; he renders service when there is no reward, and is too reclusive for some things to seem to touch him; not because he has no feeling but because he has so much.”
― Marianne Moore, Complete Poems

“knowledge without application is like a book that is never read' Christopher Crawford, Hemel Hempstead.”
― Christopher Crawford

“So far as we know, the tiny fragments of the universe embodied in man are the only centers of thought and responsibility in the visible world. If that be so, the appearance of the human mind has been so far the ultimate stage in the awakening of the world; and all that has gone before, the striving of myriad centers that have taken the risks of living and believing, seem to have all been pursuing, along rival lines, the aim now achieved by us up to this point. They are all akin to us, for all these centers - those which led up to our own existence and the far more numerous others which produced different lines of which many are extinct - may be seen engaged in the same endeavor towards ultimate liberation. We may envisage then a cosmic field which called forth all these centers by offering them a short-lived, limited, hazardous opportunity for making some progress of their own towards an unthinkable consummation. And that is also, I believe, how a Christian is placed when worshiping God.”
― Michael Polanyi, Personal Knowledge

“The computer focuses ruthlessly on things that can be represented in numbers. In so doing, it seduces people into thinking that other aspects of knowledge are either unreal or unimportant. The computer treats reason as an instrument for achieving things, not for contemplating things. It narrows dramatically what we know and intended by reason.”
― George Friedman, The Next 100 Years: A Forecast for the 21st Century

“Continued observations in clinical psychological practice lead almost inevitably to the conclusion that deeper and more fundamental than sexuality, deeper than the craving for social power, deeper even than the desire for possessions, there is a still more generalized and universal craving in the human make-up. It is the craving for knowledge of the right direction - for orientation.”
― William Sheldon

“Progress has always been achieved by probing well-entrenched and well-founded forms of life with unpopular and unfounded values. This is how man gradually freed himself from fear and from the tyranny of unexamined systems.”
― Paul Karl Feyerabend, Problems of Empiricism: Philosophical Papers: Problems of Empiricism v. 2 (Philosophical Papers

“Why covet a knowledge of new facts? Day and night, house and garden, a few books, a few actions, serve us as well as would all trades and all spectacles. We are far from having exhausted the significance of the few symbols we use. We can come to use them yet with a terrible simplicity.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Of course, being brave does not mean running towards danger.”
― Janaki Sooriyarachchi, Finbo

“Accepting the reality of change gives rise to equanimity.”
― Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living

“Manlius ... took care in his invitations, actively sought to exclude from his circle crude and vulgar men like Caius Valerius. But they were all around; it was Manlius who lived in a dream world, and his bubble of civility was becoming smaller and smaller. Caius Valerius, powerful member of a powerful family, had never even heard of Plato. A hundred, even fifty years before, such an absurdity would have been inconceivable. Now it was surprising if such a man did know anything of philosophy, and even if it was explained, he would not wish to understand.”
― Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio

“Many things the gods achieve beyond our judgement,'" said the sorrowful girl. "'What we thought is not confirmed and what we thought not God contives.”
― John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany

“To be too knowing is a downfall.”
― Laura Linney

“... the divine knowing - what the Father knows, and what the Word says in response to that knowing, and what the Spirit broods upon under the speaking of the Word - all that eternal intellectual activity isn't just daydreaming. It's the cause of everything that is. God doesn't find out about creation; he knows it into being. His knowing has hair on it. It is an effective act. What he knows, is. What he thinks, by the very fact of his thinking, jumps from no-thing into thing. He never thought of anything that wasn't.”
― Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace

“As the Promethean fire which banished Darkness, so Knowledge bears the Power and the Light.”
― Leanna Renee Hieber, The Strangely Beautiful Tale of Miss Percy Parker

“Nothing is more beautiful than to know all.”
― Athanasius Kircher

“Whereas a novice makes moves until he gets checkmated (proof), a Grand Master realizes 20 moves in advance that it’s futile to continue playing (conceptualizing).”
― Bill Gaede

“Ideas were found by the freethinker,
expressed by poet with the new words,
formulated by scholar into knowledge.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Everything worth knowing about the 1980s I learned from obsessively reading Bloom County collections when I was nine and Derek Jarman's diaries when I was twenty.”
― Ruadhán J. McElroy

“Each language is a unique repository of facts and knowledge about the world that we can ill afford to lose, or, at the least, facts and knowledge about some history and people that have their place in the understanding of mankind. Every language is a treasury of human experience. Eyak doesn't give a damn about tenses. But it sure does give a damn about other things, much more than I do. Therefore it broadens your thinking, enriches your ability to understand the world- to deal with reality and experience.”
― Michael Krauss

“The English novels are the only relaxation of the intellectually unemployed. But one should not be too severe on them. They show a want of knowledge that must be the result of years of study.”
― Oscar Wilde

“In an age when mass pleasures like television are becoming more feeble and homogeneous, the very act of discrimination becomes a form of protest. At a time when mass marketing of food produces a product so disgusting that it has to be wrapped in distracting gimmicks to be sold, the mere fact of paying attention to what you eat and drink and telling the truth about taste is a revolutionary act.”
― Lynn Hoffman

“The distinctive features of the world's civilisations are not simply and solely the giraffe and the city of Rome, as the children may perhaps have been led to imagine on the first evening, but also the elephant and the country of Denmark, beside many other things. Yes, everyday brought its new animal and its new country, its new kings and its new gods, its quota of those tough little figures which seem to have no significance, but are nevertheless endowed with a life and a value of their own, and may be added together or subtracted from one another at will. And finally poetry, which is grater than any country ; poetry with its bright palaces.”
― Halldór Laxness, Independent People

“Fear of God is a beginning of knowledge.
The fear lessened on a higher knowledge.
Walk with God is on the top of knowledge.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“I suppose it was a dream that lasted really about fifty years. By the time universal education had begun to work properly, say 1925, and the time the first teachers started to hold back information, say 1975. So a fifty-year dream."

"I think what's happened is that because they themselves know less than their predecessors, innovators and leaders today have remade the world in their own image. Spellchecks. Search engines. They've remodeled the world so that ignorance is not really a disadvantage. And I should think that increasingly they'll carry on reshaping the world to accommodate a net loss of knowledge.”
― Sebastian Faulks, A Week in December

“The worn soles of Daffy's boots skidded on the icy stones. He'd been saving up for a new pair for Christmas, but then he'd come across an encyclopaedia in ten volumes, going cheap. Boots might last ten years, at best, but knowledge was eternal.”
― Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin

“Le voile est essentielle pour le monde, soit par l'organisme, ou au moyen de la connaissance”
― AainaA-Ridtz A R, The Sacred Key — Transcending Humanity

“Sharing will enrich everyone with more knowledge.”
― Ana Monnar

“Books whose topics I thoroughy depsise are accapteble because they often force the reader to think and to examine his own beliefs. In an age where most people are either blindly obedient or radical, exposing oneself to the ideas contained in even the most controversial of books is a good thing.”
― Tiffini Johnson, The Character

“Certainty is the most vivid condition of ignorance and the most necessary
condition for knowledge.”
― Kedar Joshi

“As outsiders looking in, my readers and I must reform how we think so we may open ourselves to new forms of knowledge.”
― Cristina Marrero

“Religion ist nichts anderes als die Lehre davon, wie man frei von Erkenntnis gehorcht [...].”
― Juli Zeh, Spieltrieb

“You believe me wise because I taught you once, but I have not been north, as you have. You have seen (what) I have never seen...You flatter me by asking my opinion.”
― Gene Wolfe, The Citadel of the Autarch

“[Photography] allows me to accede to an infra-knowledge; it supplies me with a collection of partial objects and can flatter a certain fetishism of mine: for this 'me' which like knowledge, which nourishes a kind of amorous preference for it. In the same way, I like certain biographical features which, in a writer's life, delight me as much as certain photographs; I have called these features 'biographemes'; Photography has the same relation to History that the biographeme has to biography.”
― Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography

“But God caused knowledge to be given to Adam and those with him, so that the kings of chaos and the underworld might not lord it over them." [--Jesus]”
― Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos

“Wenn [der Lehrer] wirklich weise ist, fordert er euch nicht auf, ins Haus seiner Weisheit einzutreten, sondern führt euch an die Schwelle eures eigenen Geistes.”
― Khalil Gibran

“But the main reason you should read this is that I don't see why I should have to know all these terrible, terrible things and you should get off scot free.”
― David Strorm, How Animals Have Sex: A Guide to the Reproductive Habits of Creatures Great and Small

“Niemand kann euch etwas eröffnen, das nicht schon im Dämmern eures Wissens schlummert.”
― Khalil Gibran

“Dein Wissen hat keine Bedeutung, wenn niemand anderes weiß, dass du weißt.”
― Persius

“Knowledge is a social construct, a consensus among the members of a community of knowledgeable peers.”
― Kenneth A. Bruffee, Collaborative Learning: Higher Education, Interdependence, and the Authority of Knowledge

“There was power in knowledge. Like the gears of a steam engine, the more active knowledge was, the more force it produced.”
― Sarah McCoy, Marilla of Green Gables

“It's not bad to know a little something about the things you don't care about,”
― Linda Holmes, Evvie Drake Starts Over

“Today's religions where once books for education, It's just that people eventually forgot to get the knowledge from the books and started to pray it”
― Dido Stargaze

“All our children's hopes and dreams turn to ashes in exam papers - their delicate baby wings crack under the weight of books - the classroom ends up as prison and to dream becomes a criminal offence. This is not education, this is bestiality.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“At school I was a nuisance, for my father was now Chairman of our Continuation School Board, and I affected airs of near-equality with the teacher that must have galled her; I wanted to argue about everything, expand everything, and generally turn every class into a Socratic powwwow instead of getting on with the curriculum. Probably I made her nervous, as a pupil full of green, fermenting information is so well able to do. I have dealt with many innumerable variations of my younger self in classrooms since then, and have mentally apologized for my tiresomeness.”
― Robertson Davies, Fifth Business

“We ought to read mainly, not to know more, but to remind ourselves that we do not know much.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Precisely because we have embarked on the great and long venture of demolishing a world that has grown old and of rebuilding it authentically anew, i.e. historically, we must know the tradition. We must know more—i.e. our knowledge must be stricter and more binding—than all the epochs before us, even the most revolutionary. Only the most radical historical knowledge can make us aware of our extraordinary tasks and preserve us from a new wave of mere restoration and uncreative imitation.”
― Martin Heidegger, Introduction to Metaphysics

“We, as human beings, are landed with memories which have fallibilities, frailties, and imperfections - but also great flexibility and creativity. Confusion over sources or indifference to them can be a paradoxical strength: if we could tag the sources of all our knowledge, we would be overwhelmed with often irrelevant information. Indifference to source allows us to assimilate what we read, what we are told, what others say and think and write and paint, as intensely and richly as if they were primary experiences. It allows us to see and hear with other eyes and ears, to enter into other minds, to assimilate the art and science and religion of the whole culture, to enter into and contribute to the common mind, the general commonwealth of knowledge. Memory arises not only from experience but from the intercourse of many minds.”
― Oliver Sacks, The River of Consciousness

“Ask a child "what do you want to be when you grow up", they would say "I want to become a doctor and save lives - I want to become a cop and protect the innocent - I want to become a soldier and defend my people." But ask the same question after they finish their education, and their answer would be "I want to get a highly paid job - I want to buy a large mansion - I want to be a millionaire". Here I ask you, who turned a hero into a selfish, insecure narcissist? It’s our system of education.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“Throw away such education that teaches a child to be selfish - throw away such education that teaches a child to forget their passion - throw away such education that teaches a child to be like everybody else - throw away such education that produces second hand humans instead of raising original, conscientious beings of character.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Every Generation Needs Caretakers: The Gospel of Patriotism

“Information freedom is the freedom to access, participate in, understand and benefit from knowledge creation. This includes access to raw data, transparent auditing processes which include both elite knowledge and complete and immediate feedback from user groups and anyone else impacted, and interpretation which flows directly from the audit without interference from coercive manipulation.”
― Heather Marsh, The Creation of Me, Them and Us

“Knowledge needs to be recognized as a human right. Without knowledge, our actions are not our own; we are coerced to act in someone else’s interest.”
― Heather Marsh, The Creation of Me, Them and Us

“Knowledge may be power but how one utilizes it is the generator.”
― Jessica Marie Baumgartner, Walk Your Path: A Magical Awakening

“It’s amazing how something so simple can take hold of you and root itself into your character, help you draw from it for years.”
― Jessica Marie Baumgartner, Walk Your Path: A Magical Awakening

“Lydia is constantly reminded that her education has no purchase here, that she has no access to the kind of information that has real currency on this journey. Among migrants, everyone knows more than she does. How do you find a coyote, make sure he's reputable, pay for your crossing, all without getting ripped off?”
― Jeanine Cummins, American Dirt

“Every time and place in each of our journeys, has a lot of hidden knowledge, depending on how we can find the gap to reach that knowledge.”
― Ulilamrir Rahman

“But we have
science, and by the means of it we shall find the truth and we
shall arrive at it consciously. Knowledge is higher than
feeling, the consciousness of life is higher than life. Science
will give us wisdom, wisdom will reveal the laws, and the
knowledge of the laws of happiness is higher than
happiness.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man

“The more we know the less we understand”
― Dido Stargaze

“Люди роблять вічно ті самі помилки, бо у них ті самі слабкості. Найчастіше вони не можуть опам'ятатися і зупинитися перед прірвою.
Знати - це одне, а жити на рівні своїх знань - то інше.”
― Yevhen Sverstiuk, Вічна туга за справжнім. Щоденникові записи

“Seeing is the property of our eyes. But we also use this word in other senses, when we apply the power of vision to knowledge generally. We do not say 'Hear how that flashes', or 'Smell how bright that is', or 'Taste how that shines' or 'Touch how that gleams'. Of all these things we say 'see'. But we say not only 'See how that light shines', which only the eyes can perceive, but also 'See how that sounds, see what smells, see what tastes, see how hard that is'. So the general experience of the senses is the lust, as scripture says, of the eyes, because seeing is a function in which eyes hold the first place but other senses claim the word for themselves by analogy when they are exploring any department of knowledge.”
― Augustine of Hippo, Confessions

“Love and hate are opposite sides of the same coin, you know — both passions. You can flip from one to the other — but not to indifference”
― Daniel Suarez, Influx

“Your impact is huge, sink this into your brain
and be the one who you want to be.”
-Peace”
― Santosh Tulachan (Thutop), “The Light” It's You

“To shut down a project, advancing scientific knowledge on the biological toxicity of that project to its workers is always a good starting point.”
― Steven Magee

“People don't care for facts, unless they can feel those facts in their bones.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“My knowledge of environmental radiation problems prevents me from allowing the sky to be filled with tens of thousands of biologically toxic satellites.”
― Steven Magee

“Never underestimate a committed person.”
― Steven Magee

“The process of learning, formation of knowledge, paradigms and systems paradoxically lends itself to the ideals of exclusivity, control and limitations of execution.”
― Andy Harglesis

“இந்த பெரும் அண்டவெளியில் பெருமை கொள்ளக்கூடிய விசயம் என்னவெனில் அளப்பரிய அறிவு கொண்டு இந்த மானுடம் இருப்பதுதான், அதே வேளையில் சிறுமை கொள்ளக்கூடிய விசயம் என்னவெனில் மானுடத்தின் அறிவு பேரன்பு அற்று வெறுப்பில் வெந்து போவதுதான்.”
― Radhakrishnan Venkatasamy, பாமரத்தியும் பட்டாம்பூச்சியும் [Paaramatthiyum Pattaampoochiyum]

“The power I exert, I do so because I am wise, and clever, and know something of the turning of the world.”
― Mahvesh Murad, The Djinn Falls in Love & Other Stories

“Without sensibility no object would be given to us, without understanding no object would be thought. Thoughts without content are empty, intuitions without concepts are blind. It is, therefore, just as necessary to make our concepts sensible, that is, to add the object to them in intuition, as to make our intuitions intelligible, that is, to bring them under concepts. These two powers or capacities cannot exchange their functions. The understanding can intuit nothing, the senses can think nothing. Only through their union can knowledge arise. But that is no reason for confounding the contribution of either with that of the other; rather is it a strong reason for carefully separating and distinguishing the one from the other. We therefore distinguish the science of the rules of sensibility in general, that is, aesthetic, from the science of the rules of the understanding in general, that is, logic.”
― Emmanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason

“Turuan mo ang mga taong mag-isip. Tulungan mo ang kapwa mong maging maalam. Dahil ang matalino, kung hindi magbabahagi ng kaalaman, ay wala ring pinagkaiba sa bobo.”
― Bob Ong, 56

“It is the effects on the world of successful active germ-line replicators that we see as adaptations.”
― Richard Dawkins, The Extended Phenotype: The Long Reach of the Gene

“What am I? How am I connected? What is my purpose? What is all of this, felt in the flesh? Why is it so beautiful? What is beautiful? Why do I not know? What else don't I know? When will I know it? Will I ever know? Would knowing be too much?”
― Jeff VanderMeer, Dead Astronauts

“One knows what being in love is like and it is a very terrible thing.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Nice and the Good

“...it is interesting to consider research on mastery versus performance goals in learning (Dweck 1999), discussed more in chapter 5. People with mastery orientations, in brief, are people who are interested in learning in order to master a topic. They tend to like challenges, and they persist at them. People with performance goals, in contrast, tend to like to do easy jobs that make them look good. They want to be judged positively. Although these two different orientations appear to characterize two different people, the same person can adopt different orientations under different environmental conditions. And it ends up that the particular conditions under which people are more apt to adopt mastery goals bear striking similarities to Montessori environments (Ames, 1992, see chapter 5).”
― Angeline Stoll Lillard, Montessori: The Science Behind the Genius

“Oblivion here thy wisdom is,
Thy thrift, the sleep of cares;
For a proud idleness like this
Crowns all thy mean affairs.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Collected Poems and Translations

“In our world, our actions have an impact on others, so assuming that you understand something you don't becomes an ethical issue more than an intellectual one. There is a danger and maybe even a violence to the belief that you know something or someone completely, when you do not, and will not, and cannot. Knowledge does not allow you to understand the world. Knowledge dispels the illusion that you understand the world.”
― Nate Staniforth, Here Is Real Magic: A Magician's Search for Wonder in the Modern World

“To love God with all you heart, all your mind and all your soul, you must surrender all that you have, all that you know and all that you are.”
― Vivian Amis

“What you don't know cannot be beaten out of you.”
― Darlene Deibler Rose, Evidence Not Seen: A Woman's Miraculous Faith in the Jungles of World War II

“Unfortunately, human perception is not very developed. Everyone sees whatever they know or what they want, without considering the limitations of their knowledge or what is moral in the world. As a result, humans are a flawd species.”
― Maria Karvouni

“Knowledge is not power. You may know many things, but without influence you can't do anything.”
― Josh Steimle

“To become an advanced consultant, you can’t simply do more of the same; you need to deepen your knowledge while seeking feedback that allows you to grow as an individual.”
― William A. Pasmore

“do share my knowledge with some of the healers. Some already have that knowledge, and some of them take some new knowledge. I take knowledge from them as well, and together, our Consciousness expands.”
― Reena Kumarasingham, The Magdalene Lineage: Past Life Journeys Into the Sacred Feminine Mysteries

“When you are dead, you do not know you are dead. It's only painful & difficult for others. The same applies when you are stupid.”
― Philippe Geluck

“Contemplation is a gaze of faith, fixed on Jesus. "I look at him and he looks at me": this is what a certain peasant of Ars in the time of his holy cure used to say while praying before the taberna­cle. This focus on Jesus is a renunciation of self. His gaze purifies our heart; the light of the countenance of Jesus illumines the eyes
of our heart and teaches us to see everything in the light of his truth and his compassion for all men. Contemplation also turns its gaze on the mysteries of the life of Christ. Thus it learns the "interior knowledge of our Lord," the more to love him and follow him.”
― Catholic Church, Catechism of the Catholic Church

“A good book can either uplift your spirit, expand your knowledge, teach you a good thing, motivate you to do a good deed, leave a good impact for your whole life, widen your horizons, or simply be a good companion in your good days and bad days.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“When you have a good knowledge about God, you will acknowledge Him in your life.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“There is always an opportunity to start again and again, if the old ways are not working last year, look for better ways of doing it in the new year and start again afresh.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“A single person cannot know even a billionth of what is known, which is not even a trillionth of what there is to know.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Knowledge is a tree and sharing is the water element that is necessary for the growth of the tree. The more you share the more tree will increases. So keep sharing!”
― sid

“The curse of much knowledge is often indecision.”
― Paarthurnax

“Education isn't education when you use it as makeup to cover the scars of your insecurities”
― Reginald Williams

“The old antiques dealer whispers to him that the secret of freedom and happiness lies in self-control and in a marriage between knowledge, will and power.”
― Tariq Ramadan, The Quest for Meaning: Developing a Philosophy of Pluralism

“If you've told a little boy that Big Boys don't cry, you've marginalized his voice”
― Reginald Williams

“Let go off all the things in the life but never let go off the real source Knowledge”
― Sambal Chaulagain

“I will use the full range of knowledge I have accumulated on High Altitude Observatory Diseases (HAOD) to assist in the shut down of the biologically toxic 1.4 billion dollar Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) atop Mauna Kea in Hawaii.”
― Steven Magee

“The brain doesn’t learn information by rote and then save it somewhere. Instead, it organises knowledge.”
― Henning Beck, Scatterbrain : How the mind's mistakes make humans creative, innovative and successful

“Ignorance often makes a complicated thing seem simple, or vice versa.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I don't know a lot of things, but the one thing I do know is that I don't know a lot of things.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Gospel of Technology

“With Lundquist directing, the volunteers worked for the next three days around the clock. Most were strangers to each other, drawn together unexpectedly, and worked together for hours, diligently and peacefully. The formed a human chain, passing the books hand over hand from one person the the next, through the smoky building and out the door. It was as if, in this urgent moment, the people of Los Angeles formed a living library. They created, for that short time, a system to protect and pass along shared knowledge, to save what we know for each other, which is what libraries do everyday.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“Faith is life, knowledge is death, and choosing the correct one is wisdom.”
― Steven Magee

“Lack of knowledge causes fear, and knowledge removes it.”
― Joyce Meyer, The Confident Woman Devotional: 365 Daily Inspirations

“Never lie to an engineer about their specialty, as they will know that you are lying to them.”
― Steven Magee

“If you truly are seeking answers of wholeness, why do you continue to engage in conversations rooted in partiality?”
― Reginald Williams

“We should not use the worst to define us as a people, and we use not use the best to excuse the bullshit of the worst.”
― Reginald Williams

“With Lundquist directing, the volunteers worked for the next three days around the clock. Most were strangers to each other, drawn together unexpectedly, and worked together for hours, diligently and peacefully. The formed a human chain, passing the books hand over hand from one person the the next, through the smoky building and out the door. It was as if, in the urgent moment, the people of Los Angeles formed a living library. They created, for that short time, a system to protect and pass along shared knowledge, to save what we know for each other, which is what libraries do everyday.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“A man knows how to confront confrontation without being confrontational.”
― Reginald Williams

“Actions are the children of thoughts.”
― Reginald Williams

“An arrival always follows a departure. To achieve a goal you must depart from something.”
― Reginald Williams

“Let your knowledge be your adviser and not your arrogance.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Are the professionals that are pitching you online only marketing their services and products?

Or are they also delivering messages of authenticity, authority and education?

There is an abundance of people that use the latest content to hype, pitch, market and sell everyday.

It is a limited few that work to still market but choose to engage with education, information and direction.

Let their authority and knowledge sell you over another sales pitch from someone that might only know how to sell and not have the ability to perform what they are selling.”
― Loren Weisman

“Some people engage in retail therapy, buying new things to make themselves feel more secure, and others engage in knowledge therapy, amassing new ideas to make themselves feel like they know something. We consume for comfort. We rely on certainty to shield us from the pain of confusion. The truth is staggering, colossal, unfathomable, so we cling to our bite-sized lies. We organize knowledge into bulleted lists and line graphs while the wisdom of the present moment sits patiently at the doors of our perception.”
― Vironika Tugaleva, The Art of Talking to Yourself

“anything is possible but probably not that”
― Jordan Peterson

“Human nature will not flourish, any more than a potato, if it be planted and replanted for too long a series of generations in the same worn-out soil.”
― Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter

“Knowledge that is grown only on the outside changes nothing inside a man, or merely changes him on the surface, as one garment is changed for another. But he who learns by taking things inside himself undergoes constant transformation, because he incorporates what he learns into his being.”
― Olga Tokarczuk, Primeval and Other Times

“I know that I hung
on the windy tree
Nine full nights,
Pierced by a spear
offered to Odin
Myself to myself
of which none knows
Upon that tree
Where its roots run...”
― John Michael Greer, The Occult Book: A Chronological Journey from Alchemy to Wicca

“Maintain your reputation by referring only those that you would stake your reputation on.”
― Loren Weisman

“There was an abyss. And books contained magical incantations to raise what was hidden there, all the great mysteries.”
― Stephen King, The Institute

“I'd subliminally determined at this point that the only way to really know what was going on in the world was to listen to women talk. Anyone who ignores the chatter of women is poorer by any measure.”
― Lisa Jewell, The Family Upstairs

“Faith is to believe and knowledge is accomplished through death.”
― Steven Magee

“Faith is to suspect something is there and knowledge is to encounter it.”
― Steven Magee

“It has become fashionable to speak of the Enlightenment as an idiosyncratic construction by European males in a bygone era, one way of thinking among many different constructions generated across time by a legion of other minds in other cultures, each of which deserves careful and respectful attention. To which the only decent response is yes, of course - to a point. Creative thought is forever precious, and all knowledge has value. But what counts most in the long haul of history is seminality, not sentiment. If we ask whose ideas were the seeds of the dominant ethic and shared hopes of contemporary humanity, whose resulted in the most material advancement in history, whose were the first of their kind and today enjoy the most emulation, then in that sense the Enlightenment, despite the erosion of its original vision and despite the shakiness of some of its premises, has been the principal inspiration not just of Western high culture but, increasingly, of the entire world.”
― Edward O. Wilson, Consilience: The Unity of Knowledge

“You feel humiliated, my young man, because thinking you understood so much so well, you suddenly find that many very apparent things were unknown to you. Thinking you were one of the Lords of the Galaxy; you suddenly find that you stand near to destruction. Naturally, you will resent the ivory tower in which you lived; the seclusion in which you were educated; the theories on which you were reared.”
― Isaac Asimov, Second Foundation

“Everyone is a 'spiritual student' doing 'spiritual work' because everyone is here and has to cope, one way or another, with life. The difference is that an aware person learns from their pain and they eventually create a happy life. An unaware person also has pain. However, as they do not know (or do not want to know) how to help themselves, they learn little or nothing from their pain. Thus their journey to happiness is long and indirect.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“It's dangerous to know too much.”
― Agatha Christie, The Secret Adversary

“The human mind has manipulated our species existence. We no longer know how to do the one thing that should be the most natural and simplest. We have forgotten how to just be.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“Reading enhances logical thinking and motivates analyzing skills. It helps one's mind to be calmer and wiser.
As the body seeks air, food, and water, the mind seeks knowledge, and it would be a huge waste if we didn't raise children from a very young age how to read passionately.
Young readers are young thinkers, and a child who can think is a child who can face life problems with calmer manners and quieter approach.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“Develop a high level of understanding of trees and you will be able to transfer that knowledge into human health.”
― Steven Magee

“Regarding spirituality, some have knowledge, some have faith, but many have neither.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“Greatness always carries a weight.”
― Coleen Innis, So You Say God Can't Give You Money

“Faith is life and knowledge is death.”
― Steven Magee

“Wisdom or enlightenment is not white, black or brown – it’s not christian, muslim, jew, hindu or atheist – it’s not homosexual or heterosexual – it’s not reductionist, empirical or sentimental – it’s not belief or disbelief. True enlightenment or wisdom or understanding or insight, whatever we call it, is beyond all opposites – it‘s beyond materialism and spiritualism – it’s beyond atheism and theism – it’s beyond all intellectualism and cynicism.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Mission Reality

“There were realities the human mind was never meant to withstand, pressures it was never meant to survive. Knowledge is like the sea. Go too deep, and the crushing weight of it could kill you.”
― Seanan McGuire, Laughter at the Academy

“To understand why my health was failing, I applied astronomical knowledge to my mind and body.”
― Steven Magee

“I, for one, never can have too many books; nor can my books cover too many subjects. I may never read them all, but they are always there, and I never know what strange coast I am going to pick up at any time in sailing the world of knowledge.”
― Jack London

“Suppose we wanted to transmit this knowledge, everything we had ever learned, to another world. First we would want to make the representation as compact as possible. By squeezing out redundancies we could compress the number so that it would occupy smaller and smaller spaces. In fact, if we are adept enough we can represent the number in a manner that requires almost no space whatsoever. We simply take the long string of digits and put a decimal point in front of it so that it becomes a fraction between 0 and 1, a mere point on a line. Then we choose a smooth stick and declare one end 0 and the other end 1. Measuring carefully, we make a notch in the stick -- a point on the continuum representing the number. All of our history, our philosophy, our music, our art, our science -- everything we know would be implicit in that single mark. To retrieve the world's knowledge, one would measure the distance of the notch from the end of the stick, then convert the number back into the books, the music, the images.
The success of the scheme would depend on the fineness of the mark and the exactness of the measurement. The slightest imprecision would cause whole Libraries of Alexandria to burn.
[...]
Suppose the medicine men of Otowi had discovered this trick. Suppose, contrary to all evidence, that they had developed a written language, a number system, and tools of enough precision to encode a single book of sacred knowledge into the notch of a prayer stick -- the very book, perhaps, that explains what the symbols on the rock walls mean. And suppose a hiker, exploring one day in the caves above Otowi, found the stick. Could the knowledge be recovered?
[...]
Aliens trying to decode our records might recognize what seemed to be deliberate patterns in the markings of ink on pages or the fluctuating magnetic fields of computer disks (though, again, if the information had been highly compressed, it would be harder and harder to distinguish from randomness). If they persisted, would they find truths to marvel at, signs of kindred minds? Or would they even recognize the books and tapes as things that might be worth analyzing? One can't go around measuring every notch on every stick.”
― George Johnson, Fire in the Mind: Science, Faith, and the Search for Order

“Truth never rusts.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Kindness is a kinder knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Gdy przepisujemy i cytujemy, budujemy gmach wiedzy i rozmnażamy ją jak moje warzywa czy jabłonki. Przepisywanie jest jak szczepienie drzewa; cytowanie – jak wysiewanie nasion.”
― Olga Tokarczuk, Księgi Jakubowe

“Because there was an abyss. And books contained magical incantations to raise what was hidden there, all the great mysteries. For Luke, those mysteries mattered. Someday in the future, he might write books of his own. But here the only future was Back Half. Here, the future of existence was, 'What good would it do?”
― Stephen King, The Institute

“Even the most liberal system of psychiatric nomenclature does violence to the being of another. If we relate to people believing that we can categorize them, we will neither identify nor nurture the parts, the vital parts, of the other that transcend category. The enabling relationship always assumes that the other is never fully knowable.”
― Irvin D. Yalom, Love's Executioner and Other Tales of Psychotherapy

“Age and knowledge don't always come together. Sometimes you just get the age...”
― Nitya Prakash

“But many people never discover the folly of such a search and continue to believe that, given enough information, they can define and explain a person. Controversy has always existed among psychiatrists and psychologists about the validity of personality diagnosis. Some believe in the merits of the enterprise and devote their careers to ever greater nosological precision. Others, and among them I include myself, marvel that anyone can take diagnosis seriously, that it can ever be considered more than a simple cluster of symptoms and behavioral traits. Nonetheless, we find ourselves under ever-increasing pressure (from hospitals, insurance companies, governmental agencies) to sum up a person with a diagnostic phrase and a numerical category.”
― Irvin D. Yalom, Love's Executioner and Other Tales of Psychotherapy

“It has been granted to you to understand that the heavenly light of unceasing interior prayer is attained neither by the wisdom of this world, nor by the mere outward desire of knowledge, but that on the contrary it is found in poverty of spirit and in active experience in simplicity of heart.”
― R.M. French, The Way of a Pilgrim

“Social media exploits and triggers the same psychological mechanisms that religions do—the more followers a person has, the more truth/knowledge we assume they possess. But the irony is that "truest" and most knowledgable of human beings have been, and remain, virtually unknown by the masses. Reality is a big "place", those who take the rarely trodden path, meet rare souls.”
― Dana Hutton, The Art of Becoming: Creating Abiding Fulfillment in an Unfulfilled World

“No matter how great your talent, talent has to work with knowledge to do anything well.”
― Andrew Loomis, Drawing the Head and Hands

“There is no knowledge kinder than kindness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We walk unknowing amid the shadows of our past and, forgetting our history, are ignorant of ourselves.”
― Salman Rushdie, Quichotte

“the fact that maybe men think if they just name everything, everything’ll be okay, the fact that it’s like dogs marking their territory”
― Lucy Ellmann, Ducks, Newburyport

“Artificial intelligence will not destroy this planet, irresponsible human intelligence will.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“The truth is that we all live by leaving behind; no doubt we all profoundly know that we are immortal and that sooner or later every man will do all things and know everything.”
― Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones

“Knowlegde no doubt made bad people worse, but it must make good people better!”
― George MacDonald, Lilith

“When I was a girl, I loved reading. An archaic pastime, I know; the index and download are faster, more efficient, offering superior retention and acquisition of knowledge.”
― Amal El-Mohtar, This Is How You Lose the Time War

“Love is equivalent to life. It cannot be defined, interpreted, manipulated or used to fulfill human based wants and needs.”
― Steve Leasock

“Open your heart to the beauty of living and you will experience life and love within all things.”
― Steve Leasock

“Love is the mainstream movement flowing through the expansion of life energy. Experiencing it is considered to be as easy as falling off a log. However, as with life and conscious awareness, we must acknowledge love and take responsibility for it.”
― Steve Leasock

“As we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible, but more mysterious.”
― Albert Schweitzer

“Wavefunction collapse is a generator of knowledge: it is not so much a process that gives us the answers, but is the process by which answers are created. The outcome of that process can’t, in general, be predicted with certainty, but quantum mechanics gives us a method for calculating the probabilities of particular outcomes. That’s all we can ask for.”
― Philip Ball, Beyond Weird

“We are sharing the gift of life and love and compassion is our path” Therefore, life and love can flow freely through this precious endowment.”
― Steve Leasock

“Zhuangzi's position is not the simple and finally untenable "we know nothing". Rather, it is the more complex and subtle "We do not know if we do know or if we do not know". ... "How do I know that we who hate death are not exiles since childhood who have forgotten the way home?" ... He neither answers such questions nor things he can answer them; he simply does not know.”
― Lee H. Yearly

“Even the wisest among us do not possess complete knowledge of every subject; however, they acquire a deep understanding regarding the limits of their knowledge. Acknowledge, the extent of your knowledge.”
― RJ Intindola – (Gandolfo) – 1994

“Cherish life, cherish and respect love; these are the energy frequencies in our existence that have the most likelihood of changing this world and the universe as we know it.”
― Steve Leasock

“Lest love not be forgotten and it is best experienced through thoughtless devotion.”
― Steve Leasock

“The best books are those that tell you what you already know, but didn't know that you knew.”
― Neel Burton

“If you have a project to pour your learnings into, you will retain the knowledge.”
― Richie Norton

“A smile offers a gateway to understanding and sharing. It is a path that leads to love.

* This is a quote from my upcoming book that reflects on living and loving more consciously.”
― Steve Leasock

“...I would train myself to make my work so mechanical that I could concentrate much of my energy on listening and watching. My knowledge, I believed, would still the voices of despair inside me.”
― Robert Parker, Capitol Hill In Black And White

“Knowledge of ‘Thou’ means knowledge of ‘self’, and that knowledge will be donated by mankind. He will be ignorant about this. This is universalism and this is the symptom of Godhood.”
― Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond

“I may not know everything, but I'm working on it.”
― Don Rittner

“ஆசையின் வழியே பயணப்படக் கூடாது. அறிதலின் வழிதான் பயணப்பட வேண்டும். இயற்கை ஆசைக்கான பொருளன்று.”
― Su. Venkatesan, வீரயுக நாயகன் வேள்பாரி [Veerayuga Nayagan Velpaari]

“It would be very beneficial to remain consciously aware during any experience because the mind will otherwise start to fill presence with thoughts and emotions.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“We rarely climb to the highest level of our expectations, because the ascension is limited by wisdom and knowledge.”
― RJ Intindola – (Gandolfo) – 1993

“We readily rebel against our knowledge than our ignorance.”
― Kangoma Kindembo

“The pursuit of knowing was freedom to me, the right to declare your own curiosities and follow them through all manner of books.”
― Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me

“Here’s the nice thing about being over 60: You know enough to know you don’t know everything, however much you’ve learned.”
― Gina Barreca

“It is not a race to closing. This is about looking after the best interests of every touchpoint of a real estate transaction.”
― Douglas Fish

“Knowledge is your operating system.”
― Md Parvej Ansari

“Most people think I'm crazy—I'm in a cult called happiness, I practice the religion of kindness, I'm a quack in the pseudoscience of love, I work in the field of unlimited possibilities, my diet is that of knowledge, my orientation is irrelevant, my purpose is growth, my entitlement is freedom, my motivation is joy, my evidence is my success, and my race is humankind—I still haven't figured out the crazy part.”
― Drew Gerald

“I know what to do
with the dark.”
― Emily Skaja, Brute: Poems

“Weeknd sunle Kpop waliyon ko follow nhi krte seedha block marte h”
― Harsh Luthra

“Everyone should strive to improve his/her vision. Everyone should enhance abilities only in the positive approach in successful life.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Knowledge makes a person famous and is very happens in achieving the desired vision.”
― Shreeom Surye shiva devkota

“Open-mindedness simplifies knowledge acquisition.”
― Elegbede Tayo JET

“The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different.”
― Peter F. Drucker

“In life, if you ever wish to see obstacle, just take your eyes off the goal.”
― Previledge Tafadzwa Makaza

“The wisest thing that you would rather do is to choose what you say to someone, rather than say what you choose because words spoken can never be reversed.”
― Previledge Tafadzwa Makaza

“The assumption that you have acquired enough knowledge is an adolescent trait, the mature soul contemplates the deeper meaning of things.”
― R.A. Delmonico

“Only fools talk about wisdom, the wise knows to keep silent and let their action do the talking.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Operation Justice: To Make A Society That Needs No Law

“People think that knowing the future can help you prepare for what is to come - but often it only makes you powerless.”
― Amitav Ghosh, Gun Island

“knowledge- Continuation- is the power and it is shared all the time ..all know that!!”
― Hesham Nebr

“The supreme bliss of this divine love is felt within the soul that is pure and receptive to the sanctity of God’s boundless love. It kindles the innermost self of devotees. You have two forms, one of brilliant splendor and the other of great peace, fit for contemplation. You are the gracious protector of the knowledge.”
― Shreeom Surye shiva devkota

“the UNDERSTANDING— who does not know that, as it is the most elevated faculty of the soul, so it is employed with a greater and more constant delight than any of the other. Its searches after truth are a sort of hawking and hunting, wherein the very pursuit makes a great part of the pleasure. Every step the mind takes in its progress towards Knowledge makes some discovery ... the understanding, like the eye, judging of objects only by its own sight, cannot but be pleased with what it discovers, having less regret for what has escaped it, because it is unknown. Thus he who has raised himself above the alms-basket, and, not content to live lazily on scraps of begged opinions, sets his own thoughts on work, to find and follow truth, will (whatever he lights on) not miss the hunter’s satisfaction; every moment of his pursuit will reward his pains with some delight; and he will have reason to think his time not ill spent, even when he cannot much boast of any great acquisition.”
― John Locke, An Essay Concerning Human Understanding in Four Books 2

“Knowledge may be power, but real change lies in action. In the doing.”
― Melissa Steginus, Self Care at Work: How to Reduce Stress, Boost Productivity, and Do More of What Matters

“Fortune is long-term happiness, nurtured with patience and knowledge.”
― Ankit Samrat

“Patience pays tons better than urge to get quick profit with same amount of investment.”
― Ankit Samrat

“It's better to anger a bit and compensate with destroying something than evolving hate.”
― Ankit Samrat

“If you start understanding the god or say power of the universe, it’s conscious and knowledge.
If you start praying every stones in the name of same god, it’s foolishness.
If you worship anything by realizing them, it's faith.
Seeking is fundamental accomplishment to human life.”
― Ankit Samrat

“Doing what you believe in is passion. Doing it the best you know how is contribution.”
― Doug Fish

“Is it possible to have an enjoyable real estate buying or selling experience? With the education, with the details, with can come up, you will have a better sense of everything going down.”
― Doug Fish

“You are each born with the conscious knowledge of what has come before. Your brain is far from an empty slate, waiting for the first imprint of experience; it is already equipped with complete "equations", telling you who you are and where you have come from. Nor do you wipe that slate clean, symbolically speaking, before you write your life upon it. Instead, you draw upon what has gone before: the experiences of your ancestors, back through time immemorial.”
― Jane Roberts, The Nature of the Psyche: Its Human Expression

“Right. I don't believe in the idea that there are a few peculiar people capable of understanding math, and the rest of the world is normal. Math is a human discovery, and it's no more complicated than humans can understand. I had a calculus book once that said, 'What one fool can do, another can.' What we've been able to work out about nature may look abstract and threatening to someone who hasn't studied it, but it was fools who did it, and in the next generation, all the fools will understand it. There's a tendency to pomposity in all this, to make it deep and profound.”
― Richard P. Feynman

“They acknowledge that the realities closest to us - the rhythms of our lives, the people we love most - are shaped by forces beyond the edges of our sight.”
― Leslie Jamison, Make It Scream, Make It Burn

“People hate change, and with good reason. Change makes us stupider, relatively speaking. Our knowledge -as a percentage of all the things that can be known- goes down a tick every time something changes.
And frankly, if we're talking about a percentage of the total knowledge in the universe, most of us aren't that many basis points superior to our furniture to begin with. I hate to wake up in the morning only to find that the intellectual gap between me and my credenza has narrowed. That's no way to start the day.”
― Scott Adams, The Dilbert Principle: A Cubicle's-Eye View of Bosses, Meetings, Management Fads & Other Workplace Afflictions

“Update your knowledge. Some knowledge goes out of date quickly. Technology, countries, societies, cultures, and religions are constantly changing.”
― Hans Rosling, Factfulness: Ten Reasons We're Wrong About the World – and Why Things Are Better Than You Think

“The strong relationship between humans and books relates to the role of the written word in the dissemination of knowledge, feeling, and experience over thousands of years [...] Our simultaneously emotional and spiritual relationship to the book is about how the book "speaks to us." It is a medium connecting us to other people both living and dead.”
― Anders Rydell, The Book Thieves: The Nazi Looting of Europe's Libraries and the Race to Return a Literary Inheritance

“The drive toward the formation of metaphors is the fundamental human drive, which one cannot for a single instant dispense with in thought, for one would thereby dispense with man himself.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, On Truth and Lies in a Nonmoral Sense

“For me, it comes down to the fundamental question of who owns knowledge, who produces knowledge, who enables other people to produce knowledge. And that’s why it’s important that knowledge should not belong to one person or group, neither should the profits of that knowledge belong to one corporation, whether it’s The Washington Post or The New York Times, and the Amazons and Jeff Bezoses of the world. It’s absolutely important that all of us, whether we are brown or black, have the capacity to produce knowledge and own that knowledge.”
― Suchitra Vijayan

“It is clear that there is a very great deal to be learnt about the universe and the endless subtleties of its various manifestations. What about the moral side of man, or what people with a religious bent of mind would prefer to call the spiritual nature of man? How will this develop in the endless aeons of the future? Perhaps in most of these questions like Newton we are still standing on the shore while the great ocean of knowledge lies ahead. It is significant that after more than two centuries of the acquisition of knowledge eminent men of science still have similar feelings.”
― Jamal Nazrul Islam, The Ultimate Fate Of The Universe

“Health is the greatest gift in life. Aananda or contentment is the greatest gain and of course faith is the best relationship and friendship in life> Shreeom Surye shiva devkota.”
― Shreeom Surye shiva devkota

“Human evolution is essentially the progression of information gathering (knowledge) and consciousness, or the advancement in wisdom. A wise person is willing to learn at all stages of life by using their cognitive abilities open-mindedly to examine contradictory beliefs, and rationally meld various schools of thought into a living philosophy, developing over time a logical and systematic method to maintain and evaluate oneself in order to assist a person not merely survive but thrive.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Your knowledge is not in question, but your wisdom is.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“It takes courage to accept one's ignorance.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“If you can't say it to their face, don't say it behind their backs.

Speaking "in confidence" has lost a great deal of "confidence" in that being true these days.

With the ears and recording devices out there that are looking for you to...

slip something out for them to use against you...

share something you shouldn't...

Say something that could be taken the wrong way...

Or some one looking to get a sound byte that could bite you in the rear...

It is good to keep those elements in mind as you are talking, texting, emailing, posting or sharing anything and everything.

Think of it as preventative maintenance and crisis management to keep a crisis from happening.”
― Loren Weisman

“When we don’t know what we are doing, we end up doing lots of things which shouldn’t be done.
Open your mind to logic, don’t wait for the teacher, learn from the situations.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Rather than write about what you know, you told us, write about what you see. Assume that you know very little and that you'll never know much until you learn how to see.”
― Sigrid Nunez, The Friend

“Library is not a museum or zoo, it is the temple of knowledge and religion of wisdom”
― P.S. Jagadeesh Kumar

“Would you want to be marketed to with the same tactics that you use to market to others? If not, then consider changing the message.”
― Loren Weisman

“A town[…]asked him to donate a church bell, he told them to forsake the steeple and build a library, for which he sent "books instead of a bell, sense being preferable to sound.”
― Walter Issacson, Benjamin Franklin

“The messaging in your sharing, pitching and marketing should invite people to want to learn more, over making them feel like don’t know anything at all.”
― Loren Weisman

“As the area of our knowledge grows, so too does the perimeter of our ignorance.”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson

“Knowledge begins with the acceptance of ignorance.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Gospel of Technology

“Miró hacia la biblioteca. Aquella sabiduría no calmaría nunca su fuego; siglos y siglos de palabras no podían satisfacer aquel deseo imperativo e irracional.”
― Richard Matheson, I Am Legend

“The insatiable quest for knowledge is far greater than the quest for worker health and safety.”
― Steven Magee

“It is ever the way of the Knowing. I have often thought it is like a light blooming on a dark sea: as it increases, so does the depth and size of the unknown. The most wise are those who know how little they know!”
― Alison Croggon, The Naming

“Pleasure is a shadow, wealth is vanity, and power a pageant; but knowledge is ecstatic in enjoyment, perennial in frame, unlimited in space and indefinite in duration.”
― DeWitt Clinton, The Life and Writings of de Witt Clinton

“Knowledge of the world is as irrelevant in art as it is in a love affair.”
― Alexander Pope

“Knowledge of the world is as irrelevant in art as it is in a love affair.”
― marty rubin

“Systems of thought, and their antitheses as well, are merely codifications of what we think we know. When we begin to abandon them, we open ourselves to the immensity of the universe, and therefore also to immense possibilities, including the possibility of the impossible.”
― Salman Rushdie, Quichotte

“Focus on your messaging before you focus on your marketing.

The skip to marketing when the messaging is not in place makes for more expensive marketing costs, confusion with the public and their perceptions as well as a lack of continuity and endurance growth.

There are hundreds of ways to tell a story and thousands of ways to tell different parts of a story.

Still, be sure you have your story and the foundation of its messaging solid, situated and clear before bringing it to a public that has a very short attention span and tends to read only headlines.

Many will need to see you telling your story and different parts of it a number of times before they click through, read on, connect or buy from you.”
― Loren Weisman

“You are blossoming in each everlasting moment. You are not this person that deals with the details of our existence. You are so much more, never forget you are wonderful. You are the conscious breath that gives life the opportunity to become more conscious.”
― Steve Leasock

“Some ideas are dangerous.”
― Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan

“Knowledge enhances self-confidence.”
― Junaid Raza

“When all makes sense, and you understand how things work you become unstoppable.”
― Cristina Imre

“Se tieto mikä kerran on kerätty, jää pesän yhteiseksi onneksi kuin hunaja kennoihin. Eikö se riitä ihmiselle?”
― Leena Krohn, Unelmakuolema

“We may be young, but after what we’ve gone through, we’re also wise. We know what’s important. Many spend a lifetime and never learn that. - Tom Britfield”
― C.R. Stewart

“Why should I care if your children die from dirty water; polluted air; CFCs in the environment; plastic in everything that they ingest & breath; radiation from microwave towers, communication networks & mobile phones; radiation from nuclear fallout and artificial microbes bred for specific uses?
You don't?
Otherwise if you did care, you would actually get off your seats and do something. But you don't. You just sit back and let everything happen because you believe that you can't make a difference, but the truth is; everyone can make a difference if there is enough of us.
It's time to put greed aside and start living with the knowledge that you can make a difference.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“My mama always said that you should hire a young person while they still know everything. The older they get, the less they know. - Lavonia Jackson”
― MacKenzie Taylor, The Way You Look Tonight

“What you don’t know has power over you; knowing it brings it under your control, and makes it subject to your choice. Ignorance makes real choice impossible.”
― Abraham H. Maslow

“To Know You...You Have To Know God Because Knowing Him Is Knowing You!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, My Heritage

“If you are working yourself to death, how can any investor feel safe, confident and secure investing in you?”
― Loren Weisman

“Science involves the quest for knowledge. Any such quest, by necessity, involves some commitment to epistemology. The epistemology of irrationalism is fatal to all science because it makes knowledge of anything impossible. If a truth’s contrary can also be true, no truth about anything can possibly be known.”
― RC Sproul

“Writing quotes is therapy for my damaged brain.”
― Steven Magee

“Knowledge is having a mental history of past events and wisdom is having the ability to relate those past events to the present and future.”
― Steven Magee

“It pleases the heart to ignore it.
You have done what pleases their hearts.
You have sustained people among them.
Yet they cover their faces in fear of tomorrow.
There was an old man who was about to die, while his son was a child without knowledge.”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“The authenticity in your story, the authority in your delivery and the personalization of your presentation will make you that much more real and able to reach that many more people in your real estate business.”
― Loren Weisman

“No sleeper whom you have wakened,
None downcast whom you have roused,
None whose shut mouth you have opened, None ignorant whom you gave knowledge. None foolish whom you have taught.”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“I’ll tell you also other things, so as to teach you knowledge.
Such as; if a quarrel breaks out,do not approach the contenders!
If you are chided and don’t know how to repel the heat, call the listeners to witness and delay the answer.”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“...the best conclusion I was able to reach was that what we instinctively call imagination is in reality nothing less than the symbolic knowledge of that secret thread which weaves itself through our life knotted fast in all its windings, and without which we would surely be lost. But with this knowledge I realised too that this secret power also rules over us, for these same threads can be forcibly torn apart and leave us at the mercy of the dark fiend who is always ready to claim us as his own.”
― ETA Hoffmann

“The ordering of knowledge has changed with the centuries. All knowledge was once ordered in relation to the seven liberal arts— grammar, rhetoric, and logic, the trivium; arithmetic, geometry astronomy, and music, the quadrivium. Medieval encyclopedias reflected this arrangement. Since the universities were arranged according to the same system, and students studied according to it also, the arrangement was useful in education.
[How to Read a Book (1972), P. 180]”
― Mortimer J. Adler and Charles Van Doren

“Authenticity and respect go to those who stick to their own specific field of work. For example, I am a Biologist and my work is the understanding of human nature - that's where I place all my attention. I know nothing revelatory about modern physics - I know nothing revelatory about mathematics - I know nothing revelatory about architecture - I know nothing revelatory about any field of understanding except for the ones directly related to biology. It doesn't mean that I cannot learn about other fields - I can, but every human has his or her own distinct knack, and mine is understanding humans - understanding how and why they think, what they think - how and why they feel, what they feel - how and why they behave, the way they behave - how and why they perceive, what they perceive.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Monk Meets World

“Life without liberty, is a life not lived, and life without truth, is a life not understood.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Monk Meets World

“A brand messaging strategist focuses on the authenticity, authority, optics, psychology and perceptions of a brand, persona or product.”
― Loren Weisman

“Remember...
You're Not What People Or Situations Call You...You Are What You Answer!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Woman: You've Got ALL IT TAKES!

“Is it possible to rediscover life within the limits of a mind that is still basically unaware of what can be experienced beyond the mind?”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“We are experiencing the energy of life and love has blossomed through this sharing experience.”
― Steve Leasock

“You are so much more than what the mind wants you to think or believe. We can practice going beyond the mind to experience our true potential as a divine being that is becoming conscious of itself.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“Whoever does evil lack understanding of what is good.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Small act of kindness is better than much knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“but if you wish to get better training, you must do something more than that; you must consider not only what happens if a particular hypothesis is true, but also what happens if it is not true. 135e-136a”
― Plato, Parmenides

“Reasons are what give us the wisdom to answer the right questions.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“They need foes so that they can justify the spending. The misuse of power. The curtail of liberty. Control. These so called, terror groups, always seem to come along at the right time.
Misdirections are what make people think that they are seeing the truth.
You can arm people with sticks, but not with knowledge or wisdom.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“If we talked and wrote only about things we know, how much silence...”
― Luigina Sgarro

“Your aim has to be to reach a million people with your knowledge, wisdom as well as experience and be an integral part of their personal and professional development.”
― Dr prem jagyasi

“Please give credit where credit is due.

Are you up to code? With your content creation conduct?

Honor the creators if you are going to use their content to promote yourself or your business to your audience.”
― Loren Weisman

“Knowing was not necessarily accepting.”
― D.R. Fuller, Invisible

“The information. It's out there, Rebbe. This part is not a sin.”
― Nathan Englander, Kaddish.com

“Do advise me,' he urged, 'as to how I can remove the illusions of the mind and free it from the turmoil to which it is always subjected, and realise God. I am simply caught up in the attachment to wife, house, money and property.'

'You have diagnosed,' Ramdas replied, 'the disease aright and also have a clear understanding of the remedy for it. Know in the first place that the God you seek is within yourself. He is the life and soul of the universe and to attain Him is the supreme purpose of life. Evil and sorrow are due to your belief that you are separate from this universal Truth. The ego has set up this wall of separation. Have a strong and intense longing to realise Him, that is, to know that your life is one with the life of the universe. Then surrender up the ego by constant identification with Him through prayer, meditation and performance of all action without desiring their fruit. As you progress on this path, which is the path of devotion, knowledge and self-surrender, your attachment to the unrealities of life will slacken, and the illusions of the mind will be dispelled. Now your heart will be filled with divine love, and your vision purified and equalised, and your actions will become the spontaneous outflow of your immortal being, yielding you the experience of true joy and peace. This is the culmination of human endeavour and fulfilment of the purpose of life.”
― Swami Ramdas, In the Vision of God

“The search of truth and understanding is an infinite adventure.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Mission Reality

“a little knowledge can be a dangerous thing when you’re cocky.”
― Patricia Cornwell, Chaos

“If you have the kind of intelligence and instinct that will point you in the right direction, playing the rebel will not be dangerous. But if you are mediocre ... you are better off learning from your predecessor's knowledge and experience, which are based on something real.”
― Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power

“Avec tout ce que je sais, on pourrait faire un livre... il est vrai qu'avec tout ce que je ne sais pas, on pourrait faire une bibliothèque.

With everything I know, I could create a book... and with everything I know not, I could create a library.”
― Sacha Guitry

“When I started training myself in Neurobiology, Psychology and Theology, mostly on the streets of Calcutta, at the book kiosks on the sidewalk, for I had no money to buy the books, I had no academic background - no college degree - no potential for earning a decent living - I was a direction-less canoe in the open sea. I did not come from a rich or learned family, nor did I have rich friends, so, as far as everybody else was concerned, my life was doomed. I come from the humblest of origins - like did Ramanujan, like did Tesla, like did many more legendary thinkers of human history. I didn't know the rules of academia - I didn't know the laws and the norms of the scientific community - all I knew was that I had to understand the humans if I were to unite them. Other than that, I had no clue to my future. I learnt by failing - I learnt by making errors - I learnt by moving slowly but surely, and by never losing my sense of awe. And that's really what science is about - it's about naivety, curiosity and awe.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Mission Reality

“I don't know you. I can't know you. You don't even know yourself, see? And me, do you know me? No. Even less. You know what I tell you, and I tell you the truth, but maybe not all. And you read my feelings, my surface feelings—the pain of a stubbed toe, a quick flash of annoyance, the pleasure I get when you're in me. Does that mean you know me? What of my levels, and levels? What about the things I don't even know myself? Do you know them? How, Robb, how?”
― George R.R. Martin, A Song for Lya

“I wanted to keep it from Jane's knowledge; but, unluckily, I had mentioned it before I was aware.”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“Unlike a good wine knowledge or information doesn't age well, soon becoming obsolete or less valuable with the passing of time.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“I may appear despicable and a little withered, yet by reason of my knowledge and wisdom I outsoar most men who dot this world. Emperors and kings are astonished at my pleasing discourse and sweetness of the tongue.”
― Mukta Singh-Zocchi, The Thugs & a Courtesan

“You are always the totality of anything; no matter what you experience or confront.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“How would it be to not do anything in a given moment? Does this sound impossible? This is easier than the mind thinks. It is often about letting go and allowing instead of making something happen. This non-reaction opens the portal to stillness.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“Embracing who you are now will allow you to be who you will become. Your true essence will fully blossom spontaneously through this simple acknowledgement.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“We, as well as other objects in the universe are unified through the manifestation of life. It is possible for us to consciously awaken and nurture this dimension of life energy consciousness.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“The second fundamental misconception in inductivism is that scientific theories predict that ‘the future will resemble the past’, and that ‘the unseen resembles the seen’ and so on. (Or that it ‘probably’ will.) But in reality the future is unlike the past, the unseen very different from the seen. Science often predicts – and brings about – phenomena spectacularly different from anything that has been experienced before. For millennia people dreamed about flying, but they experienced only falling. Then they discovered good explanatory theories about flying, and then they flew – in that order. Before 1945, no human being had ever observed a nuclear-fission (atomic-bomb) explosion; there may never have been one in the history of the universe. Yet the first such explosion, and the conditions under which it would occur, had been accurately predicted – but not from the assumption that the future would be like the past.

Even sunrise – that favourite example of inductivists – is not always observed every twenty-four hours: when viewed from orbit it may happen every ninety minutes, or not at all. And that was known from theory long before anyone had ever orbited the Earth.”
― David Deutsch, The Beginning of Infinity: Explanations That Transform the World

“Based on what I saw over a decade of medical treatment, you may be in serious trouble if you do not have knowledge of human health and biomedical systems.”
― Steven Magee

“Know Yourself: Grow Your Wealth”
― Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today

“If all of human knowledge is like a library that we can borrow from or add to, then when men don't put these kinds of stories [(their abuse from others)] on the shelves, nobody can borrow them--we all miss out.”
― Oliver Thorn

“Imagine a world where are facts, but there are also alternate facts and you have to choose between your set of facts before you reach a conclusion.
That would be unlivable!”
― John Green

“Our expression of FAITH dispels FEAR. Grow in your faith, and fear will disappear.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah

“In fact, if one reads attentively what Sri Aurobindo has written, all that he has written, one would have the answer to every question.”
― The Mother, Questions and Answers 1957-1958

“Fools are bereaft of knowledge. Their ideas are like castle built in the air.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah, THE HONEYMOON: A SACRED AND UNFORGETTABLE SAVOUR OF A BLISSFUL MARITAL JOURNEY

“Knowledge cuts and differentiates, while Wisdom soothes and integrates.”
― Rian Nejar

“Don't find your certificate in the worth, find your worth in the certificate”
― Dr.P.S. Jagadeesh Kumar

“Not everyone who understands, understands.”
― Ismat Ahmed Shaikh, Emaan-The power of change within

“See, their words endure in books,
Open, read them, copy their knowledge,
He who is taught becomes skilled.
Don’t be evil, kindness is good,
Make your memorial last through love of you.
Increase the [people], befriend the town,..”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“Copy your fathers, your ancestors,
See, their words endure in books,
Open, read them, copy their knowledge,
He who is taught becomes skilled.
Don’t be evil, kindness is good..”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“The day you convince yourself that you've mastered your craft or profession or even your relationships, is the day you cease to live. The thirst for knowledge and the mind's ravenous appetite for constant growth and evolution helps sustain a meaningful existence. If you cease to aim higher, you will surely fall short.”
― Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity

“I am knowing to him who lacks knowledge,
One who teaches a man what is useful to him.
I am a straight one in the king’s house,
Who knows what to say in every office.
I am a listener who listens to the truth,
Who ponders it in the heart.
I am one pleasant to his lord’s house,
Who is remembered for his good qualities.
I am kindly in the offices,
One who is calm and does not roar.
I am kindly, not short-tempered,
One who does not attack a man for a remark.
I am accurate like the scales.
Straight and true like Thoth.
I am firm-footed, well-disposed,
Loyal to him who advanced him.
I am a knower who taught himself knowledge,
An advisor whose advice is sought.
I am a speaker in the hall of justice,
Skilled in speech in anxious situations.”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“Focus brings Fore Knowledge which results in Favour and Freedom.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah, THE HONEYMOON: A SACRED AND UNFORGETTABLE SAVOUR OF A BLISSFUL MARITAL JOURNEY

“Anyone can have the best product, people and team, but arrogance, ignorance and avoidance when it comes to communication will destroy any brand, concept or company.”
― Loren Weisman

“Do not seek so anxiously to be developed, to subject yourself to many influences to be played on; it is all dissipation. Humility like darkness reveals the heavenly lights.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“As we all know, there is a kind of lazy pleasure in useless and out-of-the-way erudition.”
― Jorge Luis Borges, The Book of Imaginary Beings

“I prefer to be seen as a know-nothing idiot, than a know-it-all bigot.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Monk Meets World

“The first step of learning is acceptance of ignorance.”
― Abhijit Naskar, All For Acceptance

“Cynicism breeds hate, whereas inquiry breeds understanding.”
― Abhijit Naskar, All For Acceptance

“Another extraordinary similarity concerns the presence of Seven Sages in both the Sumerian and Vedic traditions. Most ancient societies, I concede, had their sages or seers or wise men -- in India they were, and still are, called rishis. But it seems to me to be stretching coincidence too far to find a group specifically named the 'Seven Sages' prominently associated with two separate ancient cultures and to imagine that this did not come about through some sort of connection.
In the case of Sumer the Seven Sages were depicted as amphibian, 'fish-garbed' beings who emerged from the sea in antediluvian times to teach wisdom to mankind.
In the case of the Vedas the focus is not on the antediluvian period but on the flood itself and those antediluvians who are claimed to have survived it, namely Manu and the Seven Sages.”
― Graham Hancock, Underworld: The Mysterious Origins of Civilization

“Question convention.”
― Steven Magee

“I realise that the tale of my traffic with a mountain is as valid today as it was then. That it was a traffic of love is sufficiently clear; but love pursued with fervour is one of the roads to knowledge”
― Nan Shepherd, The Living Mountain: A Celebration of the Cairngorm Mountains of Scotland

“Hello internet, hello world.”
― Steven Magee

“Your volumes can speak volumes.

That extra awareness of your 12,3,6 and 9 when it comes to volume, story and dynamics can spotlight the difference between the consummate professional and the person that has no awareness what so ever.”
― Loren Weisman

“Smart people learn from their mistakes and wise people learn from somebody else’s mistakes.”
― Jim Paul, What I Learned Losing a Million Dollars

“Information Management is a core management discipline with knowledge as a focus involves the use of technologies and processes with the aim of optimizing the business value that is generated.”
― Pearl Zhu, 100 IT Charms: Running Versatile IT to get Digital Ready

“A rhetorician is capable of speaking effectively against all comers, whatever the issue, and can consequently be more persuasive in front of crowds about… anything he likes.”
― Plato, Gorgias

“Wise is the one who knows to bow before the right person in search of knowledge.”
― Abhijit Naskar, All For Acceptance

“The Noah figure in this version of the story is named Xisouthros (instead of Zisudra). A god visits him in a dream, warns him that humanity is about to be destroyed in a terrible deluge, and orders him to build a huge boat of the usual dimensions in the usual way. So far this is all very familiar, but then comes a feature not found in the other versions of the tradition. The god tells Xisouthros that he is to gather up a collection of precious tablets inscribed with sacred wisdom and to bury these in a safe place deep underground in 'Sippar, the City of the Sun'. These tablets contained 'all the knowledge that humans had been given by the gods' and Xisouthros was to preserve them so that those men and women who survived the flood would be able to 'relearn all that the gods had previously taught them'.”
― Graham Hancock, Underworld: The Mysterious Origins of Civilization

“Sumerian myths and legends of the antediluvian world do much more than speak of the five cities. They also tell an extraordinary story of how their ancestors, who lived in the 'most ancient times', were visited by a brotherhood of semi-divine beings described as half men, half fish, who had been 'sent [by the gods] to teach the arts of civilization to mankind before the Flood' and who had themselves 'emerged from the sea'. The collective name by which these creatures were known was the 'Seven Sages' and the name of their leader was Oannes. Each of them was paired as a 'counsellor' to an antediluvian king and they were renowned for their wisdom in affairs of state and for their skills as architects, builders and engineers.”
― Graham Hancock, Underworld: The Mysterious Origins of Civilization

“I tell the story of my life through quotes.”
― Steven Magee

“You no longer know what you feel when you can say what you feel.”
― Marty Rubin

“Nothing is granted, nothing is given. Like Adam and Eve we have o discover everything for ourselves.”
― Marty Rubin

“My mind, it was certain, was a well-oiled mechanism which worked swiftly and seminoiselessly. I often competed with radio contestants on quiz programs and usually won hands down in my living room. Oh, my mental machine could have excited anyone. I meant anyone interested in a person who had memorized the Presidents of the United States in chronological order, the capitals of the world, the minerals of the earth and the generic names of various species. There weren't too many callers for those qualifications and I had to admit that I was greatly lacking in the popular attractions of physical beauty and womanly wiles.”
― Maya Angelou, Singin' and Swingin' and Gettin' Merry Like Christmas

“I am a dangerous person to the corporate world because I have far too much knowledge of their frauds and corruption.”
― Steven Magee

“Knowledge must seep into your blood, into your self, not just into your head, you must live it.”
― Franz Kafka, Letters to Ottla and the Family

“The tens of thousands of books, the remnants of the greatest library in the world, were all lost, never to reappear. Perhaps they were burned. As the modern scholar, Luciano Canfora, observed: ‘the burning of books was part of the advent and imposition of Christianity’. A war against pagan temples was also a war against the books that had all too often been stored inside them for safekeeping – a concept that from now on could only be recalled with irony. If they were burned then this was a significant moment in what Canfora has called ‘the melancholy experiences of the war waged by Christianity against the old culture and its sanctuaries: which meant, against the libraries’. Over a thousand years later, Edward Gibbon raged at the waste: ‘The appearance of the empty shelves excited the regret and indignation of every spectator, whose mind was not wholly darkened with religious prejudice.”
― Catherine Nixey, The Darkening Age: The Christian Destruction of the Classical World

“While it might take months of effort, years of training and centuries of accumulated knowledge to build a Greek temple, it took little more than zeal and patience to destroy one. At the end of the fourth century, as the laws against pagans were reaching an aggressive crescendo, the bishop Marcellus was said to have destroyed the vast and still hugely popular temple of Zeus at Apamea with prayers and the help of a man who was ‘no builder, or mason, or artificer of any kind’. Today, Marcellus is worshipped as a saint in the Orthodox Church.”
― Catherine Nixey, The Darkening Age: The Christian Destruction of the Classical World

“Gnosticism, a highly intellectual second-century movement (the word ‘gnostic’ comes from the Greek word for ‘knowledge’) that was later declared heretical, didn’t help. Heretics were intellectual therefore intellectuals were, if not heretical, then certainly suspect. So ran the syllogism. Intellectual simplicity or, to put a less flattering name on it, ignorance was widely celebrated. The biography of St Antony records with approval that he ‘refused to learn to read and write or to join in the silly games of the other little children’. Education and silly games are here bracketed together, and both are put in opposition to holiness. Instead of this, we learn, Antony ‘burned with the desire for God’. That this wasn’t quite true – Antony’s letters reveal a much more careful thinker than this implies – didn’t much matter: it appealed to a powerful ideal. No need to read: give up both books and bread and you will win God’s favour. Even intellectuals were susceptible to this pretty picture: it was hearing about how the simple, unlettered Antony had inspired so many to turn to Christ that led Augustine to start striking himself on the head, tearing his hair and asking, ‘What is wrong with us?’ Ignorance was power.”
― Catherine Nixey, The Darkening Age: The Christian Destruction of the Classical World

“Sex then ought to be contained – but it was not denied. In the writings of the Roman elite, like any other appetite it was, as Peter Brown has observed, something to be admitted and managed rather than something to be ashamed of. The feast of the Liberalia was on 17 March; a now sadly forgotten festival at which Roman citizens celebrated a boy’s first ejaculation. In Roman medical manuals, ejaculation had been readily and openly discussed by classical doctors who advised it for health and getting rid of the seed that might otherwise cause headaches. It was thought that if athletes could abstain from sex they would be stronger. Orgasms and sex were even recommended for women’s health.”
― Catherine Nixey, The Darkening Age: The Christian Destruction of the Classical World

“The philosophy they had lived for starts to die itself. Some strands of ancient philosophy live on, preserved by the hands of some Christian philosophers – but it is not the same. Works that have to agree with the pre-ordained doctrines of a church are theology, not philosophy. Free philosophy has gone. The great destruction of classical texts gathers pace. The writings of the Greeks ‘have all perished and are obliterated’: that was what John Chrysostom had said. He hadn’t been quite right, then: but time would bring greater truth to his boast. Undefended by pagan philosophers or institutions, and disliked by many of the monks who were copying them out, these texts start to disappear. Monasteries start to erase the works of Aristotle, Cicero, Seneca and Archimedes. ‘Heretical’ – and brilliant – ideas crumble into dust. Pliny is scraped from the page. Cicero and Seneca are overwritten. Archimedes is covered over. Every single work of Democritus and his heretical ‘atomism’ vanishes. Ninety per cent of all classical literature fades away.
Centuries later, an Arab traveller would visit a town on the edge of Europe and reflect on what had happened in the Roman Empire. ‘During the early days of the empire of the Rum,’ he wrote – meaning the Roman and Byzantine Empire – ‘the sciences were honoured and enjoyed universal respect. From an already solid and grandiose foundation, they were raised to greater heights every day, until the Christian religion made its appearance among the Rum; this was a fatal blow to the edifice of learning; its traces disappeared and its pathways were effaced.”
― Catherine Nixey, The Darkening Age: The Christian Destruction of the Classical World

“The pages of history go silent. But the stones of Athens provide a small coda to the story of the seven philosophers. It is clear, from the archaeological evidence, that the grand villa on the slopes of the Acropolis was confiscated not long after the philosophers left. It is also clear that it was given to a new Christian owner. Whoever this Christian was, they had little time for the ancient art that filled the house. The beautiful pool was turned into a baptistery. The statues above it were evidently considered intolerable: the finely wrought images of Zeus, Apollo and Pan were hacked away. Mutilated stumps are now all that remain of the faces of the gods; ugly and incongruous above the still-delicate bodies. The statues were tossed into the well. The mosaic on the floor of the dining room fared little better. Its great central panel, which had contained another pagan scene, was roughly removed. A crude cross pattern, of vastly inferior workmanship, was laid in its place. The lovely statue of Athena, the goddess of wisdom, suffered as badly as the statue of Athena in Palmyra had. Not only was she beheaded she was then, a final humiliation, placed face down in the corner of a courtyard to be used as a step.
Over the coming years, her back would be worn away as the goddess of wisdom was ground down by generations of Christian feet. The ‘triumph’ of Christianity was complete.”
― Catherine Nixey, The Darkening Age: The Christian Destruction of the Classical World

“Tunnel vision is no way to make it as a researcher. Your assumptions are your worst enemies. Trust them too much, and you’ll fail to see what’s right under your nose.”
― Keigo Higashino, The Devotion of Suspect X

“Learn everything. Fill your mind with knowledge—it’s the only kind of power no one can take away from you.”
― Min Jin Lee, Pachinko

“Not every kind of knowledge is good. One must confine one’s curiosity to a single direction.”
― Abhaidev, That Thing About You

“Confidence is sexy, but sexy does not necessarily make someone confident, competent or able to do what they claim they can. Don't let looks fool you.”
― Loren Weisman

“The joy of research is picking the fruits of discovery.”
― Steven Magee

“Self-knowledge, which comes from within, gradually change our beliefs and drops those beliefs which are false and stupid. After being cleared off all the dirt acquired by us in the form of second-hand knowledge in our early age, we can directly see the reality, through our own eyes, through our own heart and mind, as our mind gets unconditioned. It is this mind that is rightly compared to God, as such a consciousness is pure, having been cured of all ignorance and darkness and we come close to our true self—Atman or soul.”
― Awdhesh Singh, Myths are Real, Reality is a Myth

“It is infinitely harder to ask questions in such a way that the audience is led not to the answers (the province of the demagogue) but to new perceptions.”
― Gore Vidal, The Best Man

“People, nearly all of them, don’t know how to worry about others without being presumptuous, with finesse, with modesty. They think they know. My sister thought she knew. Knew the human race. . . . Knowledge doesn’t know. But that’s something few understand.”
― Fleur Jaeggy, Sono il fratello di XX

“Many leadership development strategies fall short because they confuse leader development with leadership development. An easy mistake to make in the short term, yet perniciously lethal in the long term. Leader development is about ensuring a pipeline of leaders with the right skills for the roles they perform. Leadership development on the other hand is about the evolution of an organization’s leadership culture.
Investments in leader development result in a skill and knowledge-based culture, while a focus on leadership development results in a future-ready purpose-based culture.”
― Gyan Nagpal, The Future Ready Organization: How Dynamic Capability Management Is Reshaping the Modern Workplace

“Knowing things is not the same as understanding them. Comprehension is not the same thing as analysis. Expertise is not a parlor game played with factoids.”
― Tom Nichols, The Death of Expertise: The Campaign Against Established Knowledge and Why It Matters

“You can hardly realize the essence of my ideas, if you try to comprehend them in terms of what your society has taught you. To understand me, you must first be free, and start off in an investigative journey with me, like a naïve newborn with no preconceived idea about anything whatsoever.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Saint of The Sapiens

“We must nurture the lotus of knowledge, not play in the pond with it, and rip it apart like children. We must mature and discuss correctly what we mean by faith, by its definition and by its scientific and poetic effect on the human heart and psychology and the total nature of our humanity.”
― L.B. Ó Ceallaigh, The Bifrost and The Ark: Examining the Cult and Religion of New Atheism

“if ideas were viruses, then, like any virus, they would mutate rapidly and often arbitrarily, with only the fitter ideas spreading and continuing their lineage. We simply do not see this with any sort of knowledge.”
― Andrew T Kelly, The Bifrost and The Ark: Examining the Cult and Religion of New Atheism

“Knowledge is the sea of success, and Learning is the key to success.”
― Amrit Das, Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed: 31 Proven Passive Income Ideas To Make Money Online $2,000+ Per month with Your Online Business & ... Freedom

“Knowledge is having a wide range of past history, whereas wisdom is being able to apply history to the present and the future.”
― Steven Magee

“Active faith is having the wisdom to know that you can develop future knowledge to alleviate your currently incurable sickness.”
― Steven Magee

“Discovery comes from a lot of failures, knowledge, wisdom, faith, and a dose of craziness.”
― Steven Magee

“The industrial economy put a premium on the repetitive delivery of process-driven factory work. This is what delivered quality products, consistently. The knowledge economy is quite different in that it puts a premium on cognitive decision making, collaborative problem solving and creative thinking. This is what delivers innovation”
― Gyan Nagpal, The Future Ready Organization: How Dynamic Capability Management Is Reshaping the Modern Workplace

“The relationship of the Phenomenology to the rest of the systemis as an entrance exam. It is a test for those who have presuppositions about the world that they are unable to suspend, in order to begin with Hegel’s Logic and follow the development of thought that is unfolded there. The Phenomenology charts alternative perspectives on how we know the world and demonstrates the inadequacy of all of them. For this reason, Hegel calls this discussion ‘the pathway of doubt, or more precisely as the way of despair’ (PS, p. 49).”
― Thom Brooks, Hegel's Political Philosophy: A Systematic Reading of the Philosophy of Right

“Being famous is not the same as being right.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Sometimes we have to be wrong before we can be right.”
― Abhijit Naskar, All For Acceptance

“Nessuna cosa si può amare nè odiare, se
prima no si ha cognition di quella.
(No thing you can love or hate, if you don't know it before.)”
― Leonardo da Vinci

“He don't know it's anything he can't know," the old man said. "That's his trouble. He thinks if it's something he can't know then somebody smarter than him can tell him about it and he can know it just the same. And if you were to go there, the first thing he would do would be to test your head and tell you what you were thinking and howcome you were thinking it and what you ought to be thinking instead. And before long you wouldn't belong to your self no more, you would belong to him.”
― Flannery O'Connor, The Violent Bear It Away

“Wise men store up knowledge.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah, THE HONEYMOON: A SACRED AND UNFORGETTABLE SAVOUR OF A BLISSFUL MARITAL JOURNEY

“Knowledge is the tip of the iceberg whereas wisdom is the entire iceberg.”
― Steven Magee

“We rarely question the knowledge of the subconscious mind and do not let anything contrary to enter our mind. We refuse to hear any argument against our subconscious knowledge-which has become our belief and faith is the greatest hindrance in knowing the truth and understanding the reality.”
― Awdhesh Singh, Myths are Real, Reality is a Myth

“Research is like swimming. If you stop swimming you will never make it to the other side. If you stop researching you will never make it to discovery.”
― Steven Magee

“Sustained research will lead you to discovery.”
― Steven Magee

“We all know that birth ultimately ends with death.”
― Steven Magee

“We all know that birth is the start of the illness, disease and death processes.”
― Steven Magee

“The 3Cs of Leadership;
Character; the compassionate morality to protect others rights,
Charisma; an inspiring personality which gives hope, and
Competency; with unquenchable thirst for knowledge”
― Husam Wafaei, Honourable Defection

“We are approaching a time where the masses will become wise and stop supporting the toxic pursuit of knowledge of Space and instead demand the closure of these biologically harmful industries.”
― Steven Magee

“She had the knowledge from her mother, old knowledge. So long as you carried it in your head they couldn't take it away, she used to say. Not like weapons, or food, or clothes.”
― Sara Collins, The Confessions of Frannie Langton

“It is difficult to understand those whom one does not hate, for then one is unarmed, one has nothing with which to penetrate into their being.”
― Pär Lagerkvist, The Dwarf

“I believe in old age; to work and to grow old: this is what life expects of us. And then one day to be old and still be quite far from understanding everything - no, but to begin, but to love, but to suspect, but to be connected to what is remote and inexpressible, all the way up into the stars. (Letters on Life)”
― Rainer Maria Rilke

“Better dope than dilettante.”
― Abhijit Naskar, All For Acceptance

“All knowledge is vain, except where there be work; and all work is empty, except where there be love.”
― Michael Green

“Happiness is the method which discovers that inner reservoir of peace and light that we have all been gifted by God. Basically creating good mood, prosperity, harmony, symmetry, charity, knowledge and equability, in order to realize the key to happiness is divinie and divinity.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“It's more important to know what we don't know, than to know what we know.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“There are many internal secrets that make a person continue to succeed, and there are many external secrets that make a person continue to hide their secrets. Internal secrets are true secrets, while the outer secrets are false secrets, aimed at hiding the truth. However, the secret to success is hard work, knowledge and secrecy.”
― Enock Maregesi

“How to generate writing ideas, things to write about? Whatever's in front of you is a good beginning. Then move out into all streets. You can go anyplace. Tell me everything you know. Don't worry if what you know you can't prove or haven't studied.”
― Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within

“Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.”
― Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers

“Knowing the world means having first-hand knowledge about it, which in turn means understanding ‘why the world is what it is’ and ‘why people are what they are’?”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“There is so much more out there, beyond our sight and knowledge that will never be seen through any window frame.”
― Allison D. Reid, Ancient Voices: Into the Depths

“Why but Learning would not be made common. Yea but Learning cannot be too common, and the commoner the better. Why but who is not jealous, his Mistresse should be so prostitute? Yea but this Mistress is like ayre, fire, water, the more breathed the clearer; the more extended the warmer; the more drawne the sweeter. It were inhumanitie to coop her up, and worthy forfeiture to conceal her. Why but Schollers should have some privilege of preheminence. So have they: they onely are worthy Translators. Why but the vulgar should not knowe all. No, they can not for all this; nor even Schollers for much more: I would, both could and knew much more than either doth or can. Why but all would not be knowne of all. No nor can: much more we know not than we know: all know something, none know all: would all know all? they must breake ere they be so bigge.”
― John Florio, The Essayes of Michael, Lord of Montaigne

“To know God as he is, is to love him as he is and to want to be like him.”
― James Montgomery Boice, Come to the Waters: Daily Bible Devotions for Spiritual Refreshment

“We don't know all the answers. If we knew all the answers we'd be bored, wouldn't we? We keep looking, searching, trying to get more knowledge.”
― Jack LaLanne

“Dhriti is one of the kala or lila of knowledge, which is firmness strong intellect by which these peace elements are held in union and harmony kept in the state of steadiness and equilibrium.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Great men speak to us only so far as we have ears and souls to hear them; only so far as we have in us the roots, at least, of that which flowers out in them.”
― Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers

“Just like a common language is the key to communication of knowledge, a common faith is the key to living happily in a group as a family or friends.”
― Awdhesh Singh, Myths are Real, Reality is a Myth

“Take the time to vet the source before you make it a resource.”
― Loren Weisman

“The so-called complexities we encounter in daily activities are nothing more than misinterpretations of the now.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“Like all good youngsters on Gallifrey, the Doctor had been brought up with a strong awareness of how little other species new about... anything and how they usually shouldn't been told about, well... anything, because most of the information a Time Lord might be able to offer them would at least make them retire to the country and keep bees - should their planet have bees, or similar life forms - if not actually drive them irreversibly insane.”
― A.L. Kennedy

“Why, all delights are vain, but that most vain
Which, with pain purchased, doth inherit pain;
As painfully to pore upon a book
To seek the light of truth while truth the while
Doth falsely blind the eyesight of his look.
Light, seeking light, doth light of light beguile;
So ere you find where light in darkness lies
Your light grows dark by losing of your eyes.
Study me how to please the eye indeed
By fixing it upon a fairer eye,
Who dazzling so, that eye shall be his heed,
And give him light that it was blinded by.
Study is like the heavens’ glorious sun,
That will not be deep searched with saucy looks.
Small have continual plodders ever won
Save base authority from others’ books.
These earthly godfathers of heaven’s lights,
That give a name to every fixed star,
Have no more profit of their shining nights
Than those that walk and wot not what they are.
Too much to know is to know naught but fame,
And every godfather can give a name.”
― William Shakespeare

“Perhaps one could not live with such knowledge. One might die for it, or of it.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Message to the Planet

“BIRON
Why, all delights are vain, but that most vain
Which, with pain purchased, doth inherit pain;
As painfully to pore upon a book
To seek the light of truth while truth the while
Doth falsely blind the eyesight of his look.
Light, seeking light, doth light of light beguile;
So ere you find where light in darkness lies
Your light grows dark by losing of your eyes.
Study me how to please the eye indeed
By fixing it upon a fairer eye,
Who dazzling so, that eye shall be his heed,
And give him light that it was blinded by.
Study is like the heavens’ glorious sun,
That will not be deep searched with saucy looks.
Small have continual plodders ever won
Save base authority from others’ books.
These earthly godfathers of heaven’s lights,
That give a name to every fixed star,
Have no more profit of their shining nights
Than those that walk and wot not what they are.
Too much to know is to know naught but fame,
And every godfather can give a name.”
― William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost

“What a man reads pours massive ingredients into his mental factory and the fabric of his life is built from those ingredients.”
― Jim Rohn

“ARGHH! Those Goodreads Quotes drive me to distraction with their disrespect for knowledge. They just make the s**t up.

Today it has a nice quote -“Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.”
GR attributed to Plato - only there is no evidence that Plato ever said/wrote anything similar.

A 19th century minister wrote something similar: “ “Be pitiful, for everyone is fighting a hard battle.” (as in full of pity not the modern sense) John Watson aka Ian McLaren
Stop the B.S. by checking validated sources such as The Yale Book of Quotations.”
― Anonymous

“It takes a long time for the spiritual and cultural knowledge to sink in our subconscious mind and become a belief. Our beliefs also change with time, but the change is quite slow like the changes in the body of a person. Even the most progressive person doesn’t want to change his beliefs though he may always be ready to acquire new knowledge.”
― Awdhesh Singh, Myths are Real, Reality is a Myth

“There's more to science than facts and figures.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“True knowledge is thus the key to happiness. However, you can’t have such knowledge merely from books or by listening to scholars. True knowledge comes only by experiencing life and connecting the dots. When you are aware and your mind is disciplined, true knowledge flows from all directions into your being.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“We had a class called Theory of Knowledge, taught by a Catholic family man we later found out was strongly attracted to little boys… so I guess the point of the class was you don’t know shit. The past few years, I found out that there’s Neurogenesis, which means we *do* make new brain cells. And I found out about Epigenetics, which basically means Lamarck was more right than Darwin… so that does away with a lot of shit I still remember from science classes from not too long ago. I read books that show the Jews did 911 (not Osama) and a guy named McPherson keeps telling us that we’re all gonna die in a few years anyway. Make each day count…”
― Dmitry Dyatlov

“Om the sound of God, Divinity and lord Sun and Lord fortune also vibration. Om is the entire Universe whatever we can see, touch, hear and feel is Om. It is all that is within our soul and all that is beyond our intellect. It is the energy of our very existence. Om is the mysterious cosmic energy that is the substratum of all the things and all the beings of the entire universe. It is continuously on the background of everything that exists.”
― Shreeom surye shiva

“While knowledge without integrity is dangerous, integrity without knowledge is weak and useless.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“There is no stupid question. Stupid people don't ask questions.”
― Sophia Skaalerud

“The relevant equation is: Knowledge = power = energy = matter = mass; a good bookshop is just a Black Hole that knows how to read.”
― Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!

“What is an opinion of a man but a mere thought he thinks of someone or something based on a feeble speculation or half-hearted truth?
My fellow man, do not be swayed by what others think but concern your business with what God thinks & then ye shall succeed. Fret not because the possession of a perfect knowledge of your business is an absolute necessity in order to ensure success.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Ignorance is a silent crier for education isn't the filling of a pale but a lighting of fire. My apologies if these supreme mathematics seem just a little erratic, it's like the trigga stuck on automatic. The thought put into the chamber and the barrel of mind. It's hidden treasure hidden from within only to those chosen to find. I'm destined to shine; Jesus, Moses and Elijah destined in time.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Human nature towards the Truth weakens in heart while falsehood increases and the more it rises, the more powerful those in power become. The fact that man is fact of life should bring him to a recognition that the delusions of life and the opinions of others are of no power.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“I spread the Good News as a chosen one but it's something about me that raises their envy and jealousy. Maybe it's because I'm a spiritual god and have the aura of angelicacy.
When confronted, they deny the existence of thee but my discernment lets me see clear water from the muddy. I used to pity myself like "why me?" But now I know the company of the miser is misery. Where there is misery, company is needing & of all the disorders of the soul, envy is the one no one admit to breeding.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Humans became the only species to acquire guidance on how to live from the accumulated knowledge of their ancestors, rather than just from their DNA.”
― Ian Leslie, Curious: The Desire to Know and Why Your Future Depends On It

“From a clear knowledge of the Bhagavad-gita all the goals of human become easy or contentment. Bhagavad-gita is the manifest methods and knowledge of Vedantic teachings of the Vedic scriptures”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“The light of knowledge is fully capable of destroying the darkness of ignorance. This also help us in overcoming all the difficulties and in achieving success in all our endeavors. True knowledge is never thinks about ignorence and ego, true knowledge is about expanding knowledge all the time. knowledge is the Key to absolute success.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“The pressures of life created a diamond, now what I leave behind is a legacy. This game is betrayal. Everyone brags about being real but it's a false sense of a two sided man, an incorporated brand,
There's no future in this front. Operating a strategy mathematically created; persistently and perfectly knitted to keep the mass dependent on its assistancy.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Mixed thoughts of business and pleasure, 100 million dollar meetings is a success of true measure.
Privately bonded to the treasury of secrecy, it's secrets that give keys to open sesame, look to the Bible for it's a sweet recipe of Supremacy. Find the knowledge to it all and never sell it for loose lips sink ships.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“People told Henry Ford he couldn't do it. People told Thomas Edison he couldn't do it. People told Andrew Carnegie he couldn't do it. People told Jesus Christ he couldn't do it.
They all have in common they were told they couldn't do it and they all have something else in common, they all did it!”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Mary's His mother and all who do His will, He calls us His brothers. Appreciate Him while He's around because when the well dries up, you'll know the worth of the water. The word of the Father, Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth, basic instructions to follow the Son born of a virgin, chosen at birth. The chosen of first and the chosen of last, Alpha and Omega, we're chosen as facts.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“This hunger drives me, no brakes. My flow of literacy releases dopamine, addicting like I'm dope selling to these fiends. It's literature fire, literal torture with these words. It's my element of art, ammo to my artillery of arsenals. Spit these words of ammo in reverse flow, subliminal speeches from prophets in the past like church rehearsals. Head shots to all without spiritual info., filled coffins of ignorance, streets lined up with a hearse full.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“You've granted me eyes to see and ears to hear and with more knowledge comes more sorrow. Only true substance can pay for a due but a print out of the false can only discharge, how true. Taking the false to introduce as a truth, polluting our minds, yoking us with a noose. Economic slavery, the complete opposite of freedom and bravery. I amend these words to constitute what's meant to we, as in us, the French area holds the trusts, friendship to hear what I'm saying with God is a must.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“It's a third eye view of hieroglyphics; A describing of these inscribings, mummified encryptions from ancient ancestry of pyramids and pharaohs laid deep in the rich soil with buried layers of gold & knowledge kept hidden from the mass.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“I build what I wish to have in the mind of brilliance. It's a determination of conscious thought. If it's riches I envision, riches shall be my lot. If I envision love then like Adam, I make my request to the One above. Eve is created through his image and likeness, love is truly lifes purpose for what more can catch a womans attention but a diamond? Diamond is pure carbon, deposited drops of sunlight. A diamond is the last and highest of Gods mineral formation, as a woman is the last and highest of Gods creation.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“That out of sight, out of mind philosophy comes off so true but back at it like a flood gate of thoughts. Enchanting the minds of those that forgot about the god. I can paint a vivid picture of the game like color of office. CEO illumination of supreme bosses,no strike out or taking any loses, a take over of hostages through these dry land mirages but I have the living water that quenches. It's the penal gland like a third eye view, a Promised Land flowing through for the chosen few.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Money knows no sides, and morality is a dilemma”
― Pulkit Ahuja, Googled by God

“Lord, expand my mind to gain access on understanding how I become a majesty in your presence. You are my key to success. Protect me from being hurt as I travel this narrow, straight road.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Call it esoteric, it's an enlightenment I the Word of God of what's going on in the world of government. We all want to be equal to one another, not better nor worst for equity compels performance. But to have that one must remember "Diligence is the responsibility of the party who stands to lose by lack thereof". So believe in God and your lack becomes a cup of overflowing abundance.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Joy is a deceptive trap; grief is the real preceptor, teaching caution, circumspection, discrimination, detachment, awareness and vigilance.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Aloneness allows time for deliberating and intellectual studies, but ultimately every person must share their knowledge of life if they want to remain a vibrant memory after their death.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“A person’s spiritual power originates from using knowledge, compassion, charity, and personal humility to break away from custom and creed.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Life is so much more than our pity version of reality where we worry about financial wealth, social status, power, and interacting with machines that provide pleasures such as cars, boats, smart phones, and television. Life is limited and ultimate reality – the realm of potential knowledge – is unlimited.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“A person who does not read and never seeks to increase personal knowledge will always remain imprisoned by ignorance and unable to escape a cellblock of drudgery and despair.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“The world is moving so fast, that we have few true experts on tomorrow. All we have are experts on yesterday.”
― Gyan Nagpal, The Future Ready Organization: How Dynamic Capability Management Is Reshaping the Modern Workplace

“God and divinity is fulfilling all our desires. So you must fulfill this one desire of Mine. I bless that knowledge have long life, good health, Ananda, Peace and Prosperity; and that you will dedicate your physical, mental, intellectual and spiritual strength and skills for the service of the country and the world of all mankind.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Restriction of knowledge creates ruthless beings.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“May I free myself from the labyrinth of knowledge.”
― Suman Pokhrel

“Don't Stay Awake At Night Because Of Unwise Speeches From Untrained Lips....
They Do Not Worth The Time You Are Wasting On Them!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, My Heritage

“They say God chooses the weak & foolish things to confound the wise. Don't let these weak, foolish men sell you a dream, they're good at telling lies.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“True Knowledge always increases his/her thinking accomplishment and help them in getting new and innovative, happy ideas. After effectuating those visions successfully earns affluence and knowledge.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“If men of knowledge, men of power and men of wealth come together and there is no difference of opinion among them, then the world is bound to prosper and happy, peace and harmony.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Do not mistake your dreams for understanding. Dreams are limited by the knowledge and perspective of their creator. - The Malwatch”
― Scaylen Renvac

“Knowledge travels in the baggage of languages.”
― Anonymous

“You can’t become an illiterate person again once you have become literate.
You can’t think like a teetotaller once you have become alcoholic.
Every piece of knowledge and every experience of your life transforms you forever and you are never the same person again.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Don't make any opinion if you haven't correct knowledge”
― Sushil Singh

“The light of knowledge is fully capable of destroying the darkness of ignorance. This also help us in overcoming all the difficulties and in achieving success in all our endeavors.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“And perhaps that was the test of faith, to know, and not to say, to live with knowing, and let the truth live only in one's head.”
― V.E. Schwab, A Darker Shade of Magic

“Unity can only come when there is better co-ordination and mutual understanding in the society; when there is no friction of thoughts and clash of ideologies. We should therefore follow the ideals established by the scholars and engage ourselves in virtuous deeds.”
― shreeom surye shiva

“People should always make constant efforts to seek such a enlighten Guru, who can lead him to the path of self-realization.”
― shreeom surye shiva

“Success,peace and prosperity will always remain elusive as long as there is 'discord' but where there is 'unity' perfect harmony prevails there and nobody would dare to attack such a Self knowledge.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“The one who is first and protect of knowledge when born the god who strove to protect the gods with strength the one before whose force the two worlds were afraid because of the greatness of his virility, Vedanta call Indra*king of senses* or the king of the heaven to that power.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Vedanta has something to offer to people who describe themselves as “spiritual, but not religious” or as “analytical/scientific” rather than “faithful”. Egyes, Yoga or any other devotional spiritual practice of Vedanta is a purely scientific technique and faith on any Godhead or deity, or dogma or doctrine is required.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“All the faculties now has the capacity to understand the true knowledge sequence by which the Shreeom Surye Shiva's knowledge of soul seen law systematically gives rise, through its own self-interacting dynamics, to the diverse force and matter fields that constitute the universe. The modern science of cosmology can now account for the exact sequence of dynamical symmetry breaking by which the unified field, the singularity at the moment of cosmogenesis, sequentially gave rise to the diverse force fields and matter fields. It is now possible to determine the time and sequence in which each force and matter field decoupled from the Shreeom Surye Shiva's knowledge field. This gives us a clear understanding of how all aspects of the physical universe emerge from the Shreeom Surye Shiva's knowledge of soul seen law would be the key to happiness.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Shreeom Surye Shiva's work in founding Vedic Vedantic science is very much steeped in that ancient tradition, but his work is also very much imbued with the spirit of modern science and shares its commitment to direct experience and empirical testing as the foundation and criteria of all knowledge. For this reason, and other reasons to be considered below, it is also appropriately called a science. The name “Vedic Science” thus indicates both the ancient traditional origins of this body of knowledge and the modern commitment to experience, system, testability, and the demand that knowledge be useful in improving the quality of human life. The founders of the truth love of living foundation and World Pashupatinath foundation is based on ancient Vedic tradition discovered the capability of the human mind to settle into a state of deep silence while remaining awake, and therein to experience a completely unified, simple, and unbounded state of awareness, called pure consciousness, which is quite distinct from our ordinary waking, sleeping, or dreaming states of consciousness. In that deep silence, they discovered the capability of the mind to become identified with a boundless, all-pervading, unified field that is experienced as an eternal continuum underlying all existence.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Specially there are two types of spirits in this world: the perishable and the imperishable. The perishable is all beings and things and the imperishable is called (the unchanging, like God Mahadev Shiva, Divinity mother, The God Sun, The God Vishnu fortune or the Goddess etc). But there is another, the highest Spirit called the supreme Self, who as the imperishable Lord, enters into the three worlds and sustains us. Since I transcend the perishable and higher even than the imperishable, I am renowned in the world and in the Vedas as the highest Spirit. He who undeluded thus knows me as the highest Spirit is the knower of all; he/she worships me with his whole being> Shreeom Surye Shiva”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“A man who has mastered all the books in the world may still be ignorant if he fails to connect this bookish knowledge with the real world.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“A real 'karma-yogi', who first acquires knowledge and then works for the welfare of people, quite naturally becomes popular and famous. There is no enemy of such a man but even if there are, he is able to vanquish them. His popularity in the society increases on account of his successes and good deeds”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Enlightenment is gained through ignorance. Ignorance proceeds sorrow, pain and suffering.
Refinement through pain come wisdom and knowledge which in turn becomes enlightenment and to know better is to do better.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“The mass of life is controlled by a mass of weight.
For ignorance is no excuse and the root to all evil.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“Many people are ignorant not because they don’t know much but because they have accumulated false or worthless knowledge.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“The wicked snatch a widows baby from her breasts, taking the baby as a security loan. They condemn the innocent in its tribunals & release the guilty though bribery.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“All knowledge, intellectual people should come together at one place and try to bring harmony by means of exchange of thoughts and ideas. When all of them unite they progress rapidly and attain their aims. The external forces cannot harm us in any way.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Become a humble, non-resistant & agreeing with thy adversary, for it is the only way to be. This is true because we must "be" before we can "do" and we can "do" only to the extension in which we "are", and what we are depends on what we "think".
When we think we are, we can do, and when we do, do we become free from tyranny.”
― Jose R. Coronado, The Land Flowing With Milk And Honey

“WORLD PEACE

1.May the earth be peaceful,
May the atmosphere be peaceful,
May the medicinal herbs be peaceful
May all shining objects be peaceful,
May all the enlightened persons be peaceful
May all the actions be peaceful. By these peace
May we alleviate that which is terrific here
That which is cruel here,
That which is sin here,
That has been calmed, that is auspicious.
Let all be gracious unto us. Atharva Veda 19-9-14”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Wealth comes naturally to the self knowledge, who is endowed with both these qualities.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Your grades and degrees doesn't reflects your true education.”
― Inu Etc

“It's not the accumulation of knowledge, but the realization of the self that marks the true power of the warrior.”
― Andy Diggle, Superman – Action Comics, Volume 4: Hybrid

“All this is not to suggest that the growth in useful knowledge is leading us to a world of bliss. Athena's gifts were many: she gave King Cecrops the olive tree, but she also gave the city of Troy the wooden horse that led to its destruction. Technology makes people more powerful in exploiting nature, but how and for what purpose they do so remains indeterminate. If the twentieth century has shown us anything, it is that the capacity of humans for intolerance, stupidity, and selfishness has not declined as their technological power has increased.”
― Joel Mokyr, The Gifts of Athena: Historical Origins of the Knowledge Economy

“In the domain of primitive spirituality, that is, supernatural spirituality, the mind loses all its sanity in the name of non-conformity and takes nonsense to be a form of higher sense and supernatural insanity and fallacy to be spiritual sanity and truth. In an attempt to break free from the chains of religious orthodoxy as well as radical rationalism, these mysticism-obsessed beings, who pompously prefer to call themselves "lightworkers", "yogis", “mystics” and so on, end up bound in yet another form of orthodoxy or extremism, replete with the primal psychological germs of supernaturalism.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Lives to Serve Before I Sleep

“But practically I know men and recognize them by their behavior, by the totality of their deeds, by the consequences caused in life by their presence.”
― Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays

“It is true that the Upanishads have this one theme before them: "कस्मिन्नु भगवो विज्ञाते सर्वमिदं विज्ञातं भवति - What is that knowing which we know everything else?”
― Swami Vivekananda, Advaita Vedanta

“Insecurity is the enemy of knowledge.”
― Stewart Stafford

“Science has always been in conflict with narratives. Judged by the yardstick of science, the majority of them prove to be fables. But to the extent that science does not restrict itself to stating useful regularities and seeks truth, it is obliged to legitimate the rules of its own game.”
― Jean-François Lyotard, The Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge

“The instruments needed for the song of life are always there and will play the song that you wish to hear. You decide, through active participation, what will be heard.”
― Steve Leasock

“Confidence has to be backed up with competence.”
― Loren Weisman

“The entire pre-Columbian literature of Mexico, a vast library of tens of thousands of codices, was carefully and systematically destroyed by the priests and friars who followed in the wake of the conquistadors. In November 1530, for example, Bishop Juan de Zumárraga, who had shortly before been apointed 'Protector of the Indians' by the Spanish crown, proceeded to 'protect' his flock by burning at the stake a Mexican aristocrat, the lord of the city of Texcoco, whom he accused of having worshipped the rain god. In the city's marketplace Zumárraga 'had a pyramid formed of the documents of Aztec history, knowledge and literature, their paintings, manuscripts, and hieroglyphic writings, all of which he committed to the flames while the natives cried and prayed.'
More than 30 years later, the holocaust of documents was still under way. In July 1562, in the main square of Mani (just south of modern Merida in the Yucatan), Bishop Diego de Landa burned thousands of Maya codices, story paintings, and hieroglyphs inscribed on rolled-up deer skins. He boasted of destroying countless 'idols' and 'altars,' all of which he described as 'works of the devil, designed by the evil one to delude the Indians and to prevent them from accepting Christianity.' Noting that the Maya 'used certain characters or letters, which they wrote in their books about the antiquities and their sciences' he informs us: 'We found a great number of books in these letters, and since they contained nothing but superstitions and falsehoods of the devil we burned them all, which they took most grievously and which gave them great pain.”
― Graham Hancock, America Before: The Key to Earth's Lost Civilization

“An affirmation without evidence is a mere credence”
― Rodolfo Peon

“Traces of the same spiritual concepts and symbolism that enlighten the Egyptian texts are found all around the world among cultures that we can be certain were never in direct contact. Straightforward diffusion from one to the other is therefore not the answer, and 'coincidence' doesn't even begin to account for the level of detail in the similarities. The best explanation, in my view, is that we're looking at a legacy, shared worldwide, passed down from a single, remotely ancient source.”
― Graham Hancock, America Before: The Key to Earth's Lost Civilization

“It's not unreasonable [...] to suppose that some kind of cosmic "sky-ground" religion lay behind the alignments to the solstices and the equinoxes at Watson Brake and at the other early sites--a religion sufficiently robust to ensure the continuous successful transmission of a system of geometry, astronomy, and architecture over thousands of years.
John Clark is in no doubt. 'The evidence,' he says, 'suggests very old and widely disseminated knowledge about how to build large sites. The building lore persisted remarkably intact for so long that I think we can, and must, assume that it was part of special knowledge tied to ritual practice.'
Where did this special knowledge come from before it appeared at Watson Brake?”
― Graham Hancock, America Before: The Key to Earth's Lost Civilization

“If you don’t remember the past, you don’t deserve to be remembered by the future.”
― Bob Doyle, Free Will: The Scandal in Philosophy

“Here it is: there's only one story. There, I said it and I can't very well take it back. There is only one story. Ever. One. It's always been going on and it's everywhere around us and every story you've ever read or heard or watched is part of it.”
― Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor

“When you travel in the world, you read from the vast expanse of human thought and experience, you realise you know so little.”
― Rehan Khan, A Tudor Turk

“There is nothing wrong in not knowing, but that ignorance must never be covered with the illusion of knowledge. Only when you know that you don't know, you can learn and grow.”
― Abhijit Naskar, All For Acceptance

“All the drive in the world is worthless if you are driving yourself off a cliff.”
― Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music

“Knowledegably to live for eighty five years it is important that the body is healthy, devoid of weakness and ailments. Devotion and knowledge is most important.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“When you choose to have limits, you limit yourself for growth, knowledge and experience.” – James D. Wilson”
― James D Wilson

“Contentment is the highest spiritual discipline. Egyes and meditation, or knowledge of scripture and Vedanta (ancient holy scriptures of the world) can help you reach the goal as quickly as contentment can. Contentment has a four happiness, it extinguishes the ego and expand the knowledge.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“The Vedanta Sutras is the most important and significant source for the study of Vedanta. It is an exposition of the doctrine of knowledge and therefore it is also called Brahma sutra or Bramin is the caste in this world who studies Vedatans and Brahma is the absolute white light as well. The Shiva is the God of the entire universe. Mother is the supreme everywhere in the entire universe and the God or Lord Sun with fortune is the very much supreme too.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“I'm sorry if Fox news hasn't told you this.... that doesn't mean it's not true.”
― Christopher Lee Bollyn

“Truthfully true Self knowledge automatically makes a person famous and is helpful in achieving the vision goal”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“The person who is always involved in good deeds, expand knowledge, experiences incessant inner self divine gets most of the time happiness in life.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Spirituality lies in acts of compassion and conscience, not in supernatural nonsense. One may babble ceaselessly about positive frequencies, healing vibrations, nourishing stones and crystals, but all these are not indicative of a spiritual existence, if anything, they are only signs of stupidity and ignorance masquerading as higher knowledge.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Lives to Serve Before I Sleep

“The instruments needed for the song of life are always there and will play the song that you wish to hear. You decide, through active participation, what will be heard.”
― Steve Leasock

“Visionic reality is the human divine individual, the creation, seener of life, the supreme of spiritual truth, supreme destiny with light, the vision of life, supreme mother existence, and knowledge of faiths. Spiritual contentment which ensures freedom of worship, spiritual thoughts and actions which calls for serving all, and seeing the divine presence in the body is the key to spirituality.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Our Souls are invaluable source of knowledge because it is only by their study that the mind is filled with best thoughts. Best thoughts help us in leading a supreme life. This is the sure way for growth of the mind and also to acquire eternal happiness and knowledge.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Libraries are like caves. They are places of transformation. There are secrets hidden within those walls.”
― Suzy Davies

“Knowledge is power: You hear it all the time but knowledge is not power. It's only potential power. It only becomes power when we apply it and use it.

Somebody who reads a book and doesn't apply it, they're at no advantage over someone who's illiterate.

None of it works unless YOU work. We have to do our part. If knowing is half the battle, action is the second half of the battle.”
― Jim Kwik

“When you’re surrounded by books it reminds you of what you don’t know.”
― Martellus Bennett

“I like to look around me and see all the books, all the possibilities. I don’t ever want to be the smartest person in the room. As long as I have books around me, I won’t be.”
― Martellus Bennett

“Seek knowledge. Knowledge is your tool to know right from wrong, to understand life and responsibilities, to learn what to do and what to avoid.
It is the tool that helps you grow, improve, develop, and be a better human being.
With knowledge, you can maintain your self-confidence and grow a clean conscience.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“We live in an age when knowing things has become a substitute for experiencing them.”
― Marty Rubin

“There are plenty of things in history that are best left in the shadows. Accurate knowledge does not improve people’s lives. The objective does not necessarily surpass the subjective, you know. Reality does not necessarily extinguish fantasy.”
― Haruki Murakami, Killing Commendatore

“Life is a gift. It is to be shared. It should be experienced wisely and above all it should be observed consciously.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“If you are breaking the law, it is better when someone other than the IRS finds out first.”
― Amit Chandel

“We equate wisdom with intelligence, which is about the same as equating a can opener with a can. If you don’t apply the first to the second, neither of them matter.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The learned are well pleased to seem so to others and to be accounted wise, but much that is to be found in learning little profiteth the soul. He that is intent upon things other than those that will help his soul's salvation is lacking in wisdom. Words will not satisfy the soul; but a good life giveth comfort to the mind, and a pure conscience affordeth great confidence in the sight of God.”
― Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ

“The knowledge needed to evaluate certain of these ancient artifacts was not available until very recently. Even today there may be numerous articles that we will not understand until we further develop our own technology. We cannot fathom technology that is unknown to us, and we seldom consider things that seem impossible to us. Petrie, though knowledgeable in engineering and surveying, could not be expected to know anything about ultrasonic machining; hence his amazement at the machining abilities of the ancient Egyptians. Even if he had been aware of this technology, the intellectual climate of his time may have precluded his considering the possibility that these methods were known to the ancient Egyptians. Quite simply, the greatest barrier to our understanding may not necessarily be knowledge. It may be attitude.”
― Christopher Dunn, The Giza Power Plant: Technologies of Ancient Egypt

“Sir Maugre’s erudition was so wide that whatever anyone said reminded him of something that had no bearing on it.”
― Sylvia Townsend Warner, Kingdoms of Elfin

“Here is the product of an ancient civilization empowered with the knowledge that as long as the moon continued to orbit the Earth, the special relationship that existed between the two assured the Egyptians of vast amounts of energy. The source of the energy is the Earth itself, in the form of seismic energy. The ancient Egyptians saw tremendous value in this form of energy and expended a considerable amount of effort to tap into it. The benefits they received may have been twofold: energy to fuel their civilization, and the ability to stabilize the Earth's crust by drawing off seismic energy over a period of time rather than allowing it to build up to destructive levels.”
― Christopher Dunn, The Giza Power Plant: Technologies of Ancient Egypt

“Knowledge is what turns magic from gold into lead. —an I.O.I. axiom”
― Richard Due

“An act of kindness can teach a man more than mere knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“What we have been taught is that the ancient Egyptians were in posession of only simple hand tools, and that the only metals available to the Egyptians of the fourth dynasty, when the Giza Pyramids were built, were copper, gold, and silver. What is inferred, therefore, is that absent the tools made from these materials, the simple abrasive experiments actually demonstrate the stone-working methods of ancient Egypt. We are told that the ancient Egyptians had not yet developed the knowledge to extract the raw materials necessary to produce iron and steel. It has been suggested that they may have used meteoric iron, because they found it lying on the ground, but they did not mine the ore and smelt it in a foundry. Support for this view is the lack of evidence that they used tools made of any material other than copper, stone, and wood. Yet absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. Although sophisticated tools made of iron or steel may not yet have been discovered in the archaeological record, what has been found is not adequate enough to explain how the artifacts were created.”
― Christopher Dunn, Lost Technologies of Ancient Egypt: Advanced Engineering in the Temples of the Pharaohs

“Education is the knowledge and wisdom spiritually speaking. The poverty of a man is measured by his education and not for his words. Will you look for gold and silver without education and commitment?”
― Alan Maiccon

“What happens, happens; and what is, is. That is the entire sum of human knowledge.”
― Marty Rubin

“Many people claim to have bags of knowledge in life. However, they do not use it; except at the airport.”
― Alan Maiccon

“What is internal is hidden from us." The future is hidden from us. But does the astronomer think like this when he calculates an eclipse of the sun?

If I see someone writhing in pain with evident cause I do not think: all the same, his feelings are hidden from me.”
― Ludwig Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations

“Knowledge of anything but concrete things stems from an illusion.”
― Marty Rubin

“À medida que perspectiva do mundo se amplia, não diminui apenas a dor que ela causa, mas também o significado que tem. Compreender o mundo exige que se mantenha uma certa distância dele. Ampliamos coisas que são demasiado pequenas para serem vistas a olho nu, como moléculas e átomos. Reduzimos coisas que são demasiados grandes, como nuvens, deltas de rios e constelações. Só fixamos o mundo quando o temos ao alcance dos nossos sentidos. A essa fixação chamamos conhecimento. Durante a nossa infância e juventude lutamos para manter a distância correta das coisas e dos fenómenos. Lemos aprendemos, experimentamos, corrigimos. Então, um dia, chegamos ao ponto em que todas as distâncias necessárias foram determinadas, todos os sistemas necessários foram estabelecidos. É aí que o tempo começa a acelerar. Já não encontra qualquer obstáculo, está tudo determinado, o tempo passa rapidamente pelas nossas vidas, os dias sucedem-se num piscar de olhos, e , antes que nos apercebamos do que está a acontecer, temos quarenta, cinquenta, sessenta anos... O sentido requer conteúdo, o conteúdo requer tempo, o tempo requer resistência. O conhecimento é distância, o conhecimento é estagnação e inimigo do sentido.”
― Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 1

“Looking for someone to hear you and your desired message of change? Do not open with insults, attacks and attitude pointed at the people that might be able to help make that change.”
― Loren Weisman

“Knowledge creates and strengthens, wisdom establishes and conditions.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Time will not enrich your life experience because it is happening now. Presence is beyond time and space. Life can only be lived now.”
― Steve Leasock

“Knowledge is the lifeblood of progress.”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“We’re gluttons for superficial information but malnourished in knowledge.”
― Brien Pittman

“Does [a book] inform? Not at all. One must go to it, one must make an effort. It gives one the means to inform oneself.”
― Eugène Morel

“Linguistic diversity is integral to the cultural diversity that ensures some humans will survive in the event of one of the periodic global catastrophes. Local indigenous languages hold the keys to to survival because they contain the nouns, the names of the plants, insects, birds and mammals important locally to human survival.”
― Leslie Marmon Silko, The Turquoise Ledge: A Memoir

“Believe in yourself and move forth with conviction to have better control over your senses and yourself.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“People should communicate their feelings, emotions, thoughts, and words effectively to gain the kind of confidence that would eliminate the need for a mentor.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“There is more to knowing than just knowing.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“To talk in public, to think in solitude, to read and to hear, to enquire and answer enquiries, is the business of a scholar. He wanders about the world without pomp or terror, and is neither known nor valued but by men like himself.”
― Samuel Johnson, The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia

“THE INSTRUCTION OF PTAHHOTEP
Part IV

If you are mighty, gain respect through knowledge
And through gentleness of speech.
Don’t command except as is fitting,
He who provokes gets into trouble.
Don't be haughty, lest you be humbled,
Don’t be mute, lest you be chided.
When you answer one who is fuming,
Avert your face, control yourself.
The flame of the hot-heart sweeps across.
He who steps gently, his path is paved.
He who frets all day has no happy moment,
He who’s gay all day can’t keep house.

Don’t oppose a great man’s action.
Don’t vex the heart of one who is burdened;
If he gets angry at him who foils him,
The ka will part from him who loves him.
Yet he is the provider along with the god,
What he wishes should be done for him.
When he turns his face back to you after raging,
There will be peace from his ka;
As ill will comes from opposition,.
So goodwill increases love.

Teach the great what is useful to him,
Be his aid before the people;
If you Set his knowledge impress his lord,
Your sustenance will come from his ka
As the favorite's belly is filled.
So your back will be clothed by it,
And his help will be there sustain you.
For your superior whom you love
And who lives by it,
He in turn will give you good support.
Thus will love of you endure
In the belly of those who love you,
He is a ka who loves to listen.

If you are a magistrate of standing.
Commissioned to satisfy the many,
Hew a straight line,
When you speak don't lean to one side.
Beware lest one complain:
“Judges, he distorts the matter!”
And your deed turns into a judgment (of you).

If you are angered by misdeed.
Lean toward a man account of his rightness;
Pass it over, don’t recall it,
Since he was silent to you the first day

If you are great after having been humble,
Have gained wealth after having been poor
In the past, in a town which you know,
Knowing your former condition.
Do not put trust in your wealth,
Which came to you as gift of god;
So that you will not fall behind one like you,
To whom the same has happened,

Bend your back to your superior,
Your overseer from the palace;
Then your house will endure in its wealth.
Your rewards in their right place.
Wretched is he who opposes a superior,
One lives as long as he is mild,
Baring the arm does not hurt it
Do not plunder a neighbor’s house,
Do not steal the goods of one near you,
Lest he denounce you before you are heard
A quarreler is a mindless person,
If he is known as an aggressor
The hostile man will have trouble in the neighborhood.

This maxim is an injunction against illicit sexual intercourse. It is
very obscure and has been omitted here.

If you probe the character of a friend,
Don’t inquire, but approach him,
Deal with him alone,
So as not to suffer from his manner.
Dispute with him after a time,
Test his heart in conversation;
If what he has seen escapes him,
If he does a thing that annoys you,
Be yet friendly with him, don’t attack;
Be restrained, don’t let fly,
Don’t answer with hostility,
Neither part from him nor attack him;
His time does not fail to come,
One does not escape what is fated

Be generous as long as you live,
What leaves the storehouse does not return;
It is the food to be shared which is coveted.
One whose belly is empty is an accuser;
One deprived becomes an opponent,
Don’t have him for a neighbor.
Kindness is a man’s memorial
For the years after the function.”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“THE INSTRUCTION OF PTAHHOTEP
Epilogue
Part II

The fool who does not hear,
He can do nothing at all;
He sees knowledge in ignorance,
Usefulness in harmfulness.
He does all that one detests
And is blamed for it each day;
He lives on that by which one dies.
His food is distortion of speech.
His sort is known to the officials,
Who say: "A living death each day.”
One passes over his doings,
Because of his many daily troubles.

A son who hears is a follower of Horus,
It goes well with him when he has heard.
When he is old has reached veneration.
He will speak likewise to his children,
Renewing the teaching of his father.
Every man teaches as he acts,
He will speak to the children,
So that they will speak to their children:
Set an example, don’t give offense,
If justice stands firm your children will live.

As to the first who gets into trouble,
When they see (it) people will say:
“That is just like him.”
And will say to what they hear:
"That’s just like him too.”

To see everyone is to satisfy the many,
Riches are useless without them.
Don’t take a word and then bring it back,
Don’t put one thing in place of another.
Beware of loosening the cords in you,
Lest a wise man say:
“Listen, if you want to endure in the mouth of the hearers.
Speak after you have mastered the craft!”
If you speak to good purpose.
All your affairs will be in place.

Conceal your heart, control your mouth.
Then you will be known among the officials;
Be quite exact before your lord.
Act so that one will say to him: "He’s the son of that one.”
And those who hear it will say:
“Blessed is he to whom he was born!”
Be deliberate when you speak,
So as to say things that count;
Then the officials who listen will say:
“How good is what comes from his mouth!”
Act so that your lord will say of you:
“How good is he whom his father taught;
When he came forth from his body.
He told him all that was in (his) mind,
And he does even more than he was told,”

Lo, the good son, the gift of god,
Exceeds what is told him by his lord,
He will do right when his heart is straight.
As you succeed me, sound in your body.
The king content with all that was done.
May you obtain (many) years of life!
Not small is what I did on earth,
I had one hundred and ten years of life
As gift of the king,
Honors exceeding those of the ancestors,
By doing justice for the king.
Until the state of veneration!”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“THE INSTRUCTION OF PTAHHOTEP

Instruction of the Mayor of the city, the Vizier Ptahhotep, under the Majesty of King Isesi, who lives for all eternity. The mayor of the city, the vizier Ptahhotep, said:

O king, my lord!
Age is here, old age arrived.
Feebleness came, weakness grows,
Childtike one sleeps all day.
Eyes are dim, ears deaf.
Strength is waning through weariness,
The mouth, silenced, speaks not,
The heart, void, recalls not the past,
The bones ache throughout.
Good has become evil, all taste is gone,
What age does to people is evil in everything.
The nose, clogged, breathes not,
Painful are standing and sitting.

May this servant be ordered to make a staff of old age,
So as to teil him the words of those who heard,
The ways of the ancestors,
Who have listened to the gods.
May such be done for you.
So that strife may be banned from the people,
And the Two Shores may serve you!
Said the majesty of this god:
Instruct him then in the sayings of the past,
May he become a model for the children of the great,
May obedience enter him,
And the devotion of him who speaks to him,
No one is born wise.

Beginning of the formulations of excellent discourse spoken by the Prince, Count, God's Father, God's beloved, Eldest Son of the King, of his body, Mayor of the city and Vizier, Ptahhotep, in instructing the ignorant in knowledge and in the standard of excellent discourse, as profit for him who will hear, as woe to him who would neglect them. He spoke to his son:

Don’t be proud of your knowledge.
Consult the ignorant and the wise;
The limits of art are not reached,
No artist’s skills are perfect;
Good speech is more hidden than greenstone,
Yet may be found among maids at the grindstones.

If you meet a disputant in action,
A powerful man, superior to you.
Fold your arms, bend your back,
To flout him will not make him agree with you.
Make little of the evil speech
By not opposing him while he's in action;
He will be called an ignoramus,
Your self-control will match his pile (of words).

If you meet a disputant in action
Who is your equal, on your level,
You will make your worth exceed his by silence,
While he is speaking evilly,
There will be much talk by the hearers.
Your name will be good in the mind of the magistrates.

If you meet a disputant in action,
A poor man, not your equal.
Do not attack him because he is weak,
Let him alone, he will confute himself.
Do not answer him to relieve your heart,
Do not vent yourself against your opponent,
Wretched is he who injures a poor man,
One will wish to do what you desire.
You will beat him through the magistrates’ reproof.

If you are a man who leads,
Who controls the affairs of the many,
Seek out every beneficent deed,
That your conduct may be blameless.
Great is justice, lasting in effect,
Unchallenged since the time of Osiris.
One punishes the transgressor of laws,
Though the greedy overlooks this;
Baseness may seize riches,
Yet crime never lands its wares;
In the end it is justice that lasts,
Man says: “It is my father's ground.”

Do not scheme against people,
God punishes accordingly:
If a man says: “I shall live by it,”
He will lack bread for his mouth.
If a man says: “I shall be rich'
He will have to say: “My cleverness has snared me.”
If he says: “I will snare for myself,”
He will be unable to say: “I snared for my profit.”
If a man says: "I will rob someone,”
He will end being given to a stranger.
People’s schemes do not prevail,
God’s command is what prevails;
Live then in the midst of peace,
What they give comes by itself.”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“Consciousness flows where life grows: love is the seed that lets it blossom!”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“Having seen all this you can choose to look the other way, but you can never say again, 'I did not know.”
― William Wilberforce

“You don't need to know or do very much to enjoy being alive.”
― Marty Rubin

“The most difficult obstacle I the search for knowledge is ourselves.”
― Jaime Tenorio Valenzuela

“Peace without knowledge of the cause of that peace is still ignorance.”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“Wisdom requires both a way of thinking and acquisition of a body of knowledge gained through such thinking, as well as the personal ability to apply accumulated knowledge to life.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“We are blessed with the gift of life. Now is the time to actively become aware of this precious endowment.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“Our true essence originates in the manifestation of life. ‘I am who I am’ (ongoing). It is essential that we awaken to the potential within this statement. We determine the content of our existence through active awareness.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“A great moment is made when knowledge can be shared; not disputed, fought over, opposed, or contested as to which version or perspective is greater, worthier, or more valuable.”
― Florence Mercer

“The paramount reason for unhappiness and fear is due to our relationship with the content of our existence and more so, our lack of awareness to life.”
― Steve Leasock

“Every moment of life is, by true definition, the first, and the last of our human existence." "How do you wish to live this one moment in life?”
― Steve Leasock

“Energy is manifesting universally and this is ongoing. The now of this moment is everlasting and so are we. Awareness is the key that can set you free.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“Are you often confused, anxious or frightened? The reason is because you are much more than what the mind wants you to think or believe.”
― Steve Leasock

“You are capable of so much beauty and this extends out into the universe.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“You are capable of so much beauty and this extends out into the universe.”
― Steve Leasock

“It may be beneficial for mind and conscious development to 'Be in this world, but remember we are not of this world.' This is a journey of self-discovery that is traveled and experienced by going inward to the source of consciousness.”
― Steve Leasock

“There is no one that can walk the spiritual path for you, although people and things may accompany you, it is you that must take each step. It is a journey of self-discovery. Here we are referring to the one self that needs no definition or name. The blossoming of conscious awareness will eventually reveal that you have always existed in this state of life energy. You have always been home.”
― Steve Leasock

“Writing is discovering what you don't know.”
― Marty Rubin

“How do you know... how do you know anything... US officials are making Maduro sounds like a corrupt, evil dictator... almost like a Stalin! Then the alternative voices (Thank God) are saying well they seem to like Maduro just fine over there... and since there must be nothing else to do in the world, US is just playing the old game of 'stop hitting yourself' let's do sanctions, and freeze your assets, and then... THEN LOOK MADURO'S STARVING HIS PEOPLE! Umm. Ya... no. I guess it really doesn't take a lotta brain to be a diplomat.”
― Dmitry Dyatlov

“The universe contains all of the knowledge that is available, and if we think about it, we are a part of that universe, and not separate.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Your focus on only motivation, instead of expanding your reach and knowledge through education, communication and comprehension, is the reason for stagnation in your forward motion.”
― Loren Weisman

“Segregation and separation can be a good thing.
The person collecting money for your cannabusiness should not be the one that is in charge of doing the receivables or doing the reconciliations.

Segregate and separate those three tasks to three different people.
Person 1 - collects the money
Person 2 - invoices for the money
Person 3 - reconciles the money.
This allows for lesser chances of collusion, lesser chances of people walking with money and lesser chances of being fined or penalized by the state.”
― Amit Chandel

“I don't want to know, but I would like
to know it all from your own mouth,
how she fell, what she said when she screamed
and whether she cursed or blessed you.”
― Gabriela Mistral, Madwomen: Poems of Gabriela Mistral

“To understand the real meaning of what others want to say to us, we must understand which ‘language game’ they are playing.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“The greatest innovators aren’t those who possessed great technical knowledge; they are visionaries who can see life from multiple aspects.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“There was so much I didn’t know, and I longed to know it all.

Even the long life of a dragon is not enough to teach everything that is. Be content with what you have while always learning anything you are offered.”
― Sarah K.L. Wilson, First Message

“It was a great weight, the power of knowledge”
― Mallory McCartney, Queen to Ashes

“Removing misunderstandings from the mind is also a part of intellectual development!”
― Habib Bilal

“Some things are made funny to some people by their ignorance.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“It is a common illusion to believe that what we know today is all we ever can know. Nothing is more vulnerable than scientific theory, which is an ephemeral attempt to explain facts and not an everlasting truth in itself.”
― Carl Jung, Man and His Symbols

“You discover nothing; you only learn of
what you have been ignorant of so far.”
― Lamine Pearlheart, To Life from the Shadows

“A well-written article does not make what was written factual or something to subscribe to.

Fiction does not become fact because it looks good.
Fiction does not become fact because you wish it were true.
Fiction does not become fact because it has turned into popular opinion.

Remember this before reading the news, views, opinions or commentary.”
― Loren Weisman

“Nicky knew so many beautiful things.”
― Emma Richler, Be My Wolff

“The knowledge, qualified from a mentor, rewards a certificate; conversely, knowledge, learned from time and circumstances, crowns wisdom and experience; indeed, it reigns supreme.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“He who knows nothing, loves nothing. He who can do nothing understands nothing. He who understands nothing is worthless. But he who understands also loves, notices, sees....The more knowledge is inherent in a thing, the greater the love....Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time as the strawberries knows nothing about grapes.”
― Paracelsus

“Being a celebrity does not make someone an authority.

Take it all in, but do the due diligence, vetting and fact checking before you buy into the hype that may be truly popular but is entirely false.”
― Loren Weisman

“My books don't have the power to change minds but perhaps by offering a different perspective I can open them.”
― Donna Brown

“To increase in knowledge, shine more light into your blind spot and be simple enough to allow it sink.”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“If you are given an opportunity to ask, you will always ask less than what”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“The best companion any man can have without being bored and when alone is a book, the book gives you the companion of men, places, environment that perhaps you have never been to, and with books, you are never alone.”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“We need not know the how and the why to profit from knowing the that.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“It is spiritually beneficial to understand that if we can first accept what is happening at any moment we will experience more harmony within ourselves as a human being.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“When learning to swim, an hour in the pool is more useful than a year poolside.”
― Richie Norton

“”
― Richie Norton

“You cannot get the bearing of your life if you are not armed with the knowledge to do so, either formal or informal knowledge”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“The perfume of incense reminds us of the pervading influence of virtue, the lamp reminds us of the light of knowledge and the flowers, which soon fade and die, reminds us of impermanence.”
― Shravasti Dhammika, Good Question Good Answer

“One piece of information can turn a man into a success story.”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“Kindness is a pure knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Kindness is knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Any knowledge gained other than through the spirit of God will lead to destruction.”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“Knowledge gained from reading is capable of keeping you alive.”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“Spirit is life which itself cutteth into life: by its own torture doth it increase its own knowledge,--did ye know that before?”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra

“Ignorance has its own advantages.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Fear grew in places unlit by knowledge.”
― Roshani Chokshi, The Gilded Wolves

“What is the proof that I know something? Most certainly not my saying I know it.”
― Ludwig Wittgenstein, On Certainty

“What it made me think about above all is how incredibly much we learn from our birthday to last day - from where the horsies live to the origin of the stars. How rich we are in knowledge, and in all that lies around us yet to learn. Billionaires, all of us.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters

“Being told that you have not changed is not always a compliment.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Comfort zones are overrated. When you embrace the unfamiliar and uncomfortable in all areas of life, your progress will start soaring.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Doubt is the necessary tool of knowledge.”
― Paul Tillich, The Courage to Be

“Institutions of learning should be devoted to the cultivation of curiosity, and the less they are deflected by considerations of immediacy and application, the more likely they are to contribute not only to human welfare but to the equally important satisfaction of intellectual interest which may indeed be said to have become the ruling passion of intellectual life in modern times.”
― Abraham Flexner, The Usefulness of Useless Knowledge

“So far as I personally am concerned I had better state that I feel as little entitled to assert as to deny the existence of what others call God, for I must admit that I just do not know what this word is supposed to mean. I certainly reject every anthropomorphic, personal or animistic interpretation of the term, interpretations through which many people succeed in giving it a meaning. The conception of a man-like or mind-like acting being appears to me rather the product of an arrogant overestimation of the capacities of a man-like mind. [...]
I long hesitated whether to insert this personal note here, but ultimately decided to do so because support by a professed agnostic may help religious people more unhesitatingly to pursue that conclusions that we do share. Perhaps what many people mean in speaking of God is just a personification of that tradition of morals or values that keeps their community alive.”
― Friedrich A. Hayek, The Fatal Conceit: The Errors of Socialism

“Unfortunately, most people need to know a lot of what they do not know to know how little they know.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“They say, a True King considers the advice of counsel but always follows his heart.

Just like a Great Warrior. He is not the soldier that fights all the time, but one that knows when to fight and when to fly (hide).

Same goes for a Wise Man, he doesn't just know what to say or do but also knows when, where, why, how and to whom he speaks or acts.

Strength doesn’t lie in numbers and power is not a function of muscles. Weapons don’t bring peaceful slumbers, nor wealth a guarantee of good health.

Maturity is not directly proportional to age and slavery does not necessarily mean being locked up in a cage.

It takes courage to serve with reliance and grace to face your mistakes without defiance.
He that is down need fear no fall; as a dog destined to be lost will never hear the hunter's call.

Wisdom – wis-e dom-ain – is a realm to attain, a kingdom to reign in, not just some impulse or sensation.

A man can never be slave to the knowledge he has, nor the understanding he applies. And therein lies his wisdom.

Wisdom builds, understanding establishes and knowledge fills with wealth.
The wealth of knowledge is understanding and the knowledge of understanding is WISDOM!”
― Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within

“Just because we should know better doesn't mean we do.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, Encouragement: How to Be and Find the Best

“Conservatives are therefore fully justified in legitimizing their opposition to radical knowledge in terms of happiness: ultimately, knowledge makes us unhappy.”
― Slavoj Žižek

“Science is born from this act of humility: not trusting blindly in our past knowledge and our intuition. Not believing what everyone says. Not having absolute faith in the accumulated knowledge of our fathers and grandfathers. We learn nothing if we think we already know the essentials, if we assume that they were written in a book or known by the elders of the tribe. The centuries in which people had faith in what they believed were the centuries in which little new was learned. Had they trusted the knowledge of their fathers, Einstein, Newton, and Copernicus would never have called things into question and would never have been able to move our knowledge forward (259, trsl. Carnell & Segre)”
― Carlo Rovelli, La realtà non è come ci appare: La struttura elementare delle cose

“Children's as good as 'rithmetic to set you findin' out things.”
― Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden

“I would like to think that people are capable of rational thought and of living in a rational manner but there has been study after study that demonstrates that that's not likely.”
― Guy R. McPherson

“Our clawing, grasping attempts at answering every question and making sense of every mystery in life will end up in failure. Instead, God invites us to take a tour of the mad, mad world around us, to see ourselves as one mystery among the many, and to trust him that it all makes sense in some strange, cosmic way. In doing so, we discover that the presence of mystery in the world is an invitation to wonder, and a world without mystery is a world of despair. So go ahead; embrace the mystery.”
― Mike Cosper, Recapturing the Wonder: Transcendent Faith in a Disenchanted World

“I am not for a moment suggesting that everything that goes on in laboratories will ultimately turn to some unexpected practical use or that an ultimate practical use is its actual justification. Much more I am pleading for the abolition of the word "use", and for freeing of the human spirit.”
― Abraham Flexner, The Usefulness of Useless Knowledge

“We are slipping back from the age of reason into the mire of mystery, into a world of gods and devils, ghouls and angels. The difference this time is that we have chosen ignorance over knowledge, vapidity over insight, folly over realism. Consequently, we only have ourselves to blame when the rich and powerful take advantage of us.”
― Andrew Davenport

“But doesn't it come out here that knowledge is related to a decision?”
― Ludwig Wittgenstein, On Certainty

“Do one good thing everyday, that someone is afraid to do”
― Leymah Gbowee

“The birth of a person is not truly a beginning; it is a continuation of life... a conscious reawakening. Reawakening continues throughout your existence. It unfolds within the beautiful heightened awareness of life.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why Does Being Human Complicate Everything?

“Being smart is simply having knowledge. Being wise is knowing how to use it.”
― Anonymous

“Sometimes doing what you would most like to do can be the very worst thing to do. Sometimes to accomplish what you want in the end, you have to hold back in the beginning." - Zedd (Pg.161)”
― Terry Goodkind, Confessor

“If any doubt remains then whatever we know cannot be called as knowledge!”
― Habib Bilal

“If you wish to love, then simply love and if you wish to truly live, then simply live. It is easy to experience true love and share this with someone. Presence is the key to love and to life.”
― Steve Leasock

“It may be beneficial for mind and conscious development to “Be in this world, but remember we are not of this world”. This is a journey of self-discovery that is traveled and experienced by going inward to the source of consciousness.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why Does Being Human Complicate Everything?

“Human eyes have not yet reached as far as they can go with a telescope, nor have they seen everything there is to see with a microscope.”
― Omer Toledano

“The right words are always there, if a man's sharp enough to see them.”
― Conn Iggulden, Trinity

“The ultimate test of your knowledge is your capacity to convey it to another.”
― Richard Feynman

“No matter how much you know,
if you don’t know, who you are,
where you are,
and from where you came from. 18.09.11”
― VicDo

“It's marvelous to know another person's entire literary canon by heart. It's like knowing their secret personal language.”
― Lauren Groff, Florida

“Instinct is something which transcends knowledge”
― Nikola Tesla, My Inventions

“Soon became convinced I was right and undertook the task with all the fire and boundless confidence of youth.”
― Nikola Tesla, My Inventions

“Knowing something in your head and knowing it deep down where fear lives are two different things.”
― Martina Boone, Illusion

“The emptiest people are full of themselves.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Live life king size and serve others.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Every one has eyes but only handfull of people see.”
― David P

“Knowledge is like an ever-flowing stream of water, and where you stop to drink from it, is where you will become quenched.”
― Ora Nadrich, Live True: A Mindfulness Guide to Authenticity

“Information was the best weapon she could have.”
― Genevieve Cogman, Invisible Library series Genevieve Cogman Collection 3 Books Bundle With Gift Journal

“The only things you take to heaven with you are the relationships you build here on earth.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Was it wisdom? Was it knowledge? Was it, once more, the deceptiveness of beauty, so that all one's perceptions, half way to truth, were tangled in a golden mesh?”
― Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse

“There are people, at the moment, who feel that all the important questions have been answered; all the important moral and ethical dilemmas have an answer; and that, at this point in history, everything's been worked out – and anyone who's exploring different ideas, or is doutbtful about these moral issues, is...evil.

...So I come from a different approach where, like, 'I don't know what's going on. I'm trying to work it out with other people, and I want the freedom to be able to explore.”
― Claire Lehmann

“You can’t change the world if the world doesn’t know who you are.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Our highest knowledge is that we have come forth from the divine, pure and unblemished, containing a sacred and bottomless well of love and capacity for joy.”
― Elizabeth S. Eiler Ph.D., Singing Woman: Voices of the Sacred Feminine

“Provide tremendous value to as many people as possible, and you will attract blessings into your life.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“I pray that you must have peace within yourself.

Have you seen yourself lately. You are always angry
& busy fighting. You are fighting everything & fighting everyone.
First you had valid good reasons why you should be fighting.
Now you have excuses why you are fighting.

I pray that you have peace within yourself.

Its foreigners your fighting. After winning.
It's racism war your fighting. After winning.
It tribalism your fighting. After winning.
Its culture vs religion war your fighting. After winning.
Its gender war ,boys verses girls your fighting. After winning .
Its girls against other girls (feminine war) & boys against other
boys (muscular war) your fighting. After winning .
Its your thoughts against your heart war your fighting. After winning .
Its your feelings against spirituality war your fighting. After winning.
its something else your fighting................

Money you have. Status you have. Job and friends you have.
Pride and ego you have, but I pray you have peace.
and I pray that you have inner peace.
Some battles you fight them but the real war is within yourself.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“A single strike parts a champion from a corpse.”
– Praesi proverb”
― ErraticErrata, So You Want to Be a Villain?

“The room was a magpie-nest of picked-at knowledge, the lair of a tinkerer to whom the universe was one vast toyshop of intriguing side issues.”
― Barbara Hambly, Dragonsbane

“Extra knowledge adds no value unless you put it into action or share it with others.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Then she wants to say that, oh, Christ, of course she knows, the condescension Europeans shower on Americans is not always warranted; she's a novelist, which is tantamount to being a one-woman card catalogue for useless knowledge.”
― Lauren Groff, Florida

“Knowledge, like tasty food, should be chewed, enjoyed, and swallowed a little each time. When we feel full, the time to stop is up. How much we get counts more than how many pages we read.”
― Ira P. Boone, Macro-English

“Alfonso erzählte, dass Álvarez unwissend sei.”
― Daniel Scholten, Der zweite Tod: Ein Fall für Kommissar Cederström

“The pursuit of your power takes all that you have, if you will be great—it leaves neither time, nor energy, for anything else. We are born with the seeds of power in us and driven to be what we are by a hunger that knows no slaking. Knowledge—power—to know what songs the stars sing; to center all the forces of creation upon a rune drawn in the air—we can never give over the seeking of it. It is the stuff of loneliness.”
― Barbara Hambly, Dragonsbane

“She dances,
She dances around the burning flames with passion,
Under the same dull stars,
Under the same hell with crimson embers crashing,
Under the same silver chains that wires,
All her beauty and who she is inside,
She's left with the loneliness of human existence,
She's left questioning how she's survived,
She's left with this awakening of brutal resilience,
Her true beauty that she denies,
As much she's like to deny it,
As much as it continues to shine,
That she doesn't even have to admit,
Because we all know it's true,
Her glory and success,
After all she's been through,
Her triumph and madness,
AND YET,
SHE STANDS.

Broken legs- but she's still standing,
Still dancing in this void,
You must wonder how she's still dancing,
You must wonder how she's not destroyed,
She doesn't even begin to drown within the flames,
But little do you realize,
Within these chains,
She weeps and she cries,
But she still goes on,
And just you thought you could stop her?
You thought you'd be the one?
Well, let me tell you, because you thought wrong.
Nothing will ever silence her,
Because I KNOW,
I know that she is admiringly strong,
Her undeniable beauty,
The triumph of her song,
She's shining bright like a ruby,
Reflecting in the golden sand,
She's shining brighter like no other,
She's far more than human or man,
AND YET,
SHE STANDS.

She continues to dance with free-spirit,
Even though she's locked in these chains,
Though she never desired to change it,
Even throughout the agonizing pain,
Throughout all the distress,
Anxiety, depression, tears and sorrow,
She still dances so beautify in her dress,
She looks forward to tomorrow,
Not because of a fresh start but a new page,
A new day full of opportunities,
Despite being trapped in her cage,
She still smiles after being beaten so brutally,
A smile that could brighten anyone's day,
She's so much more than anyone could ask for,
She's so much more than I could ever say,
She's a girl absolutely everyone should adore,
She never gets in the way,
Even after her hearts been broken,
Even after the way she has been treated,
After all these severe emotions,
After all all the blood she's bled,
AND YET,
SHE STANDS.

Even if sometimes she wonders why she's still here,
She wonders why she's not dead,
But there's this one thing that had been here throughout every tear,
Throughout the blazing fire leaving her cheeks cherry red,
Everyday this thing has given her a place to exist,
This thing, person, these people,
Like warm sunlight it had so softly kissed,
The apples of her cheeks,
Even when she's feeling feeble,
Always there at her worst and at her best
Because of you and all the other people,
She has this thing deep inside her chest,
That she will cherish forever,
Even once you're gone,
Because today she smiles like no other,
Even when the sun sets at dawn,
Because today is the day,
She just wants you to remember,
In dark and stormy weather,
It gets better.
And after what she's been through she knows,
Throughout the highs and the lows,
Because of you and all others,
After crossing the seas,
She has come to understand,
You have formed this key,
This key to free her from this land,
This endless gorge that swallowed her,
Her and other men,
She had never knew, nor had she planned,
That because of you,
AND YET,
THIS VERY DAY,
SHE DANCES.
EVEN IN THE RAIN.”
― Gabrielle Renee

“Knowledge does not mean meagre savoir faire of facts, figures and information as any dullard can know; by contrast it alludes to profound understanding owing to the fact that comprehension strengthens faith and broadens the vision of a believer.”
― Musharraf Shaheen, Paramountcy of Erudition: The Significance of Education and Knowledge in Islam

“If you knew better, you'd do better. If you didn't...you didn't.”
― Byron L. Reeder

“A colossal number of Muslims have a craving in re amelioration of Muslim Ummah. A mammoth congregation vouchsafe fortune and opulence for its adornment. There are gazillions of the votaries of Islam who devote themselves and endow blood for its melioration. But hardly a few endeavor to escort and usher it in the de règle direction.”
― Musharraf Shaheen, Paramountcy of Erudition: The Significance of Education and Knowledge in Islam

“No one knows enough to tell anyone else how to live.”
― Marty Rubin

“Ahora digo —dijo a esta sazón Don Quijote— que el que lee mucho y anda mucho ve mucho y sabe mucho.”
― Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quijote de la Mancha: Obra completa, primera y segunda parte

“Some people are not brave but ignorant of the danger they are in.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Knowledge that can be imparted loudly and with passion always lasts longer than knowledge that has to be whispered.”
― Mira Grant, Into the Drowning Deep

“The Father made men curious, some say to test our faith. It is my own abiding sin that whenever I come upon a door I must needs see what lies upon the farther side, but certain doors are best left unopened.”
― George R.R. Martin, Fire & Blood

“To make the writing process easier for you, do more research. The more information you have about the topic you chose to write about, the more effective, easier and practical writing experience you will have, and the better reading material readers will get.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“I love keeping an open mind. It's liberating to know the universe and our existence are not limited to my understanding.”
― Izey Victoria Odiase

“the more i learn about the world, the bigger it seems and the smaller i feel..i can't decide if learning things makes me happy or if knowing things things makes me happy. either way, i would be sad if i knew everything and i would be sad if i knew nothing.”
― Jomny Sun, Everyone's a Aliebn When Ur a Aliebn Too

“It is unfortunate that it is possible to 'know' something that is not true.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“In walking with God it’s not about knowing the facts. Rather, it’s about knowing the God Who knows the facts.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Specialists must feel special.”
― Alain Bremond-Torrent, running is flying intermittently

“Learn from professionals and experts to save you time and effort. The shortest way to learn something is by learning from those who spent long years gaining the experience and reaching professionalism. Their knowledge is what will help you make fewer mistakes and errors in what you want to learn.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“Not knowing how to get what you want is better than knowing how to get what you do not want.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Miss Kirwin proved Bailey right. He had told me once that "all knowledge is spendable currency, depending on the market.”
― Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings

“You think you know something until the day you are different.”
― Alain Bremond-Torrent, running is flying intermittently

“As for what motivated me, it is quite simple; I would hope that in the eyes of some people it might be sufficient in itself. It was curiosity – the only kind of curiosity, in any case, that is worth acting upon with a degree of obstinacy: not the curiosity that seeks to assimilate what it is proper for one to know, but that which enables one to get free of oneself. After all, what would be the value of the passion for knowledge if it resulted only in a certain amount of knowledgeableness and not, in one way or another and to the extent possible, in the knower’s straying afield of himself? There are times in life when the question of knowing if one can think differently that one thinks, and perceive differently than one sees, is absolutely necessary if one is to go on looking and reflecting at all. People will say, perhaps, that these games with oneself would better be left backstage; or, at best, that they might properly form part of those preliminary exercises that are forgotten once they have served their purpose. But, then, what is philosophy today – philosophical activity, I mean – if it is not the critical work that thought brings to bear on itself? In what does it consist, if not in the endeavour to know how and to what extent it might be possible to think differently, instead of legitimating what is already known?”
― Michel Foucault

“When you treat your business or dream like a living, breathing baby… You’ll make better decisions and wiser choices.

Stop, shortcutting, second guessing and buying into the unproven hype.

Your dreams deserve more.”
― loren weisman

“Get Certified; a certificate easily moves you at least thousand rows ahead of other job candidates, with similar knowledge.”
― Wasay Syed

“It is not everyone who dies that actually lived. And of those who live, only a few are alive.

Those who live get to make a living from doing what they love or don't love to do.

But those who are alive, they give to make a life from being who they were meant to be.

So live, know, do and get - if you only want to make a living.

But be alive, be wise, become and give - if you really want to make a life.”
― Olaotan Fawehinmi

“Learning is borrowed knowledge; genius is knowledge innate.”
― Jean Jacques Rousseau

“The one true goal or resting-place where doubt and weariness, the stings of a pricking conscience, and the longings of an unsatisfied soul woul dall be quieted, is Christ Himself. Not the church, but Christ. Not ceremonies, but Christ; Christ the God-man, giving His life for ours; sealing the everlasting covenant. and making peace for us through the blood of His cross; Christ the divine storehouse of all light and truth, "In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge" (Colossians 2:3); Christ the infinite vessel, filled with the Holy Spirit, the Enlightener, the Teacher, the Quickener, the Comforter, so that "of his fullness have all we received, and grace for grace" (John 1:16). This, this alone is the vexed soul's refuge, its rock to build on, its home to abide in till the great tempter be bound and every conflict ended in victory.”
― Horatius Bonar, Words to Winners of Souls

“As fathers, expressing our affection to our children is a must, regardless of their ages. Some may think we only do this for our young children, but the fact is everyone, no matter the age, longs for his or her father's sense of assurance. As grown-ups, we too, desire our fathers to put their arms around us sometimes and say, "It's okay, son" or "You are doing good, daughter." Many fathers have neglected this fundamental act of love.”
― David Yong, Secretly Brilliant: Wisdom-From-Above: The Best and Richest Inheritance for You and Your Children

“Wow”
― Owen Wilson, The Royal Tenenbaums

“Neil Postman reminded us that the advent of the telegraph, with its radically truncated economy of prose, created a whole new language—that of headlines: “sensational, fragmented, impersonal.” Postman blamed the telegraph for introducing us to this choppy, discontinuous method of learning that things happen, often far away, with no clear way of making sense of them or weighing their relative importance to our lives or future. “To the telegraph, intelligence meant knowing of lots of things, not knowing about them.”
― Siva Vaidhyanathan, Antisocial Media: How Facebook Disconnects Us and Undermines Democracy

“Applied knowledge keeps a nation growing”
― Topsy Gift

“Everybody and their mother has a book and a podcast these days. Instead of telling people to check it out, (like everyone else already does)...

Give them reasons to check it out. Tell them what your content is about, why you are sharing it and who would like it. Engage!”
― Loren Weisman

“If you have the knowledge then keep it, it will help you when you'll need it.”
― KAMLESH MISHRA

“We have all the answers. It is the questions we do not know.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky

“Nothing puts a greater obstacle in the way of the progress of knowledge than thinking that one knows what one does not yet know.”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg

“The dignities of Unas will not be taken from him,
For he has swallowed the knowledge of every god;
Unas's lifetime is forever, his limit is eternity
In his dignity of "If-he-likes-he-does if-he-hates-he-does-not,"
As he dwells in lightland for all eternity.
Lo, their power is in Unas's belly,
Their spirits are before Unas as broth of the gods,
Cooked for Unas from their bones.
Lo, their power is with Unas,
Their shadows (are taken) from their owners,
For Unas is of those who risen is risen, lasting lasts.
Not can evildoers harm Unas's chosen seat
Among the living in this land for all eternity!

Utterances 273·274
Antechamber, East WaU
The king feeds on the gods”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“Education is not the acquisition of degrees. It is the broadening of one's mind. It is the process of undertaking and imparting true knowledge. It is the awakening of one's consciousness towards the Universe within us and the Universe around us.”
― Avijeet Das

“I had no inkling as to what thoughts swarmed his mind, be he didn't seem pleased. Knowledge, indeed, was dangerous.”
― Rebecca Ross

“With all our science and philosophy we still really know nothing about life.”
― Marty Rubin

“Knowledge may be power, but money buys both.”
― V.E. Schwab, Vengeful

“The narrow path to wisdom is better than the wide road to ignorance.”
― Matshona Dhliwayo

“He's going for wisdom but the real wisdom is knowing there sometimes isn't any.”
― Deb Caletti, A Heart in a Body in the World

“Learn something new, and teach another person something you know. That's how life thrives, progresses and continues. Knowledge is what makes us who we are. The more experience and skills we have and share the better persons we become.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“It has been my experience that most problems in life are caused by a lack of information. Many people just don't know the things they need to know. Some ignore the truth; others never understand it.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians

“Birth of a question is the beginning of education.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Build Bridges not Walls: In the name of Americana

“The majority of people who acquire wisdom do so after they have passed the age of forty. Prior to that time the majority of people are too busy gathering knowledge and organizing it into plans to spend any effort seeking wisdom.”
― Napoleon Hill, Outwitting the Devil: The Secret to Freedom and Success

“Showing off or bragging does not showcase authority or ability.
Sharing your knowledge and experience without trying to sell yourself sends a greater message of engagement and authenticity.”
― Create Wealth Communities

“Wrong assumptions occur from limited knowledge. A person should have a complete view before shaping an opinion about someone or something.”
― Maria Karvouni

“We know more about the lives of celebrities, than the truth hidden in our wars.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“Ken Schles: Modern humans think and operate under the percept that knowledge comes from within us, but I see us in a transitional phase where cybernetic knowledge is destroying the boundaries of where memory and knowledge is situated. It’s a crisis in the making. But perhaps there’s always been confusion. Culture, a creation of Mnemosyne, is nor something that can be possessed internally. It can only be experienced outwardly, collectively, in communication with, in participation with. Perhaps, that’s why collectors put such a high price on art: so they can privately imprison an expression of gods.”
― Taco Hidde Bakker, The Photograph That Took the Place of a Mountain

“There is always more to know, more to see, more to learn. The world is vast and wondrous strange, and there are more things beneath the stars than even the archmaesters of the Citadel can dream.”
― George R.R. Martin, The World of Ice & Fire: The Untold History of Westeros and the Game of Thrones

“Our progress has been almost exclusively technological, which means that we are able to manipulate the physical world ever more sensationally, to increase the speed, the span, and the powers of material existence without any clear idea of what to do with the time gained and the powers acquired.”
― Alan W. Watts, The Supreme Identity

“In a time when truth is very much in peril, books remain the ultimate repository of creative ideas and irreplaceable knowledge.”
― Nick Offerman

“Wisdom grows by stripping away beliefs, until the last tether is cut, and suddenly you float free. Only, because your eyes are wide open, you see right away that you can’t float in what you’re in. You can only sink. That’s why the meanest religions work so hard at keeping their followers ignorant. Knowledge is poison. Wisdom is depthless. Staying ignorant keeps you in the shallows.”
― Steven Erikson, Dust of Dreams

“We think that our minds are all powerful but in reality they’ve evolved to do what we need to do, like hunt, eat and talk to one another.

So the concepts in our head are designed to deal with animals, trees, rivers and people.

There’s no reason why they should be able to deal with atoms or galaxies. But I believe we’re flexible and our minds are curious, so we can change our thinking.”
― Carlo Rovelli, Seven Brief Lessons on Physics

“...it appears to me, the doing what little one can to increase the general stock of knowledge is as respectable an object of life, as one can in any likelyhood pursue.”
― Charles Darwin, The Autobiography of Charles Darwin

“If you are...
saying the same things as everyone else…
sharing the same links as everyone else…
posting the same quotes as everyone else…
and putting up the same pictures as everyone else…
Why should anyone think you are any different than everyone else?”
― Loren Weisman

“I chose to...

Float in contentment and forgive all the deep pains
Accept the shadows of my queer past
…
Encounter faith and that magic love from within
Enrich my spirit with graceful emotions of who I am
…
Listen to the essence of life and collect its charm
Cultivate the fascinating practice of spiritual well-being

(Excerpted from Mindfulness, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“வாழ்வின் பல தருணங்களில் அறியாமைதான் சந்தோஷம்; அறிவு நிம்மதிக்குச சத்துரு.”
― Vairamuthu, Moondram Ulaga Por

“Things only have the value and importance we give them. This is as true of works of art as it is of knowledge or love or money.”
― Marty Rubin

“Interpretation gives knowledge value, but it must evolve as new knowledge emerges. From a myriad incomplete truth, a greater whole.”
― Rachel Hartman, Tess of the Road

“Not all statements that are truthful are useful.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“An opinion is a poor substitute for understanding.”
― Bobby Darnell, Time For Dervin - Living Large In Geiggityville

“We can fail to know because we do not want to know - because what would be known would require us to believe and act in ways contrary to what we want.”
― Dallas Willard, Knowing Christ Today: Why We Can Trust Spiritual Knowledge

“So much the worse for the wood if it finds that it has become a violin, and I feel nothing but contempt for those ignoramuses who argue over things that they know nothing about.”
― Arthur Rimbaud

“I told her a bit about unicycles. “The unicycle is the ultimate symbol of autonomy—with the adversity of only having one wheel, there is a struggle to move forward. When you grow more comfortable with your knowledge of the mechanics of the bike and the lay of the land, you learn to manoeuvre gracefully on any terrain life can throw at you. It’s the same as the test of gaining your own autonomy.”
― Michael Whone , There Is A Light That Never Goes Out

“Wars are bad for trade.”
― George R.R. Martin, The World of Ice & Fire: The Untold History of Westeros and the Game of Thrones

“While doing research, a researcher tries to fill up gap(s) but also unknowingly creates gap(s). The later researcher(s) tries to fill that specific gap(s) and adds something new to the existing knowledge. Such is the beauty of ‘research’!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“গবেষণা করার সময় একজন গবেষক শূন্যস্থান(গুলো) পূরণ করেন, কিন্তু অজান্তেই শূন্যস্থান(গুলো) সৃষ্টিও করেন। পরবর্তী গবেষকগণ সেই নির্দিষ্ট শূন্যস্থান(গুলো) পূরণের চেষ্টা করেন এবং বিদ্যমান জ্ঞানের সাথে নতুন জ্ঞান যুক্ত করেন। ‘গবেষণা’র সৌন্দর্য এমনই!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“Getting high only made me think of you more.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“They said let go, so I tried, knowing that I have never been able to let go of anything that was already attached to my brain. Like all the other moments where I was happy, I realised, all I wanted was more time. I wanted to be stuck, to stagnate, let me be the rock that drowns, let this be my future. I have seen uninhabited islands of anonymous colours as high as the clouds they lay on just to think of you, repeating itself like a parakeet or a perfectly broken loop traveling the world to find its and our spiritual oblivion. People only stay in your life depending on how much you persist with them.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“People age even in pictures. Champagne glasses can stay full. With enough of a leap you could say that pictures amongst the galaxies and quasars capture a tiny bit of the universe for however long they last. The only thing pictures cannot do is keep someone alive in anything but memory after they have passed. Some pictures although painful to look at should always stay up on our walls to remind us from time to time of who we have loved.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“It is a dangerous thing to go back searching to your past. All things grow, that means all things change. Two parallel lines do not meet, unless in infinity. The past would always feel different experienced in the present. What if the fond memories go away if you live in them for a little while. Maybe I am going in circles cause it could go either way. Now orbits, orbits are different. Gravitational pull is at play. And if Newton’s laws are taken into account the only way to create an orbit is to have a force that pushes you into motion, but also pushes you at a distance where another orbit is able to push and pull yours in an equal way. I guess our gravity has to be flung out into the void at its own force in order to find a matching orbit.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“It is funny to think our perceptions of the world change second to second as we continue to experience more of it. And that everyone is creating their own meaning and purpose with every second that they experience. It seems impossible not to get caught up, or lost, in those moments of constantly change and we as imperfect beings surely interpret our reality in false ways because no one can know the actual truth of the world only their perception of it. The actual truth of what is best for them is always an idea. The people that say that they live in the moment, as most people do, are often forgetting that the moment in the present should be used to progress. Successes and failures are only understood in moments in the future, based on the present, during moments of clarity in retrospect. For this reason, I think its important to forgive people in order to give ourselves freedom.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“I want to be your lighthouse
No matter how many dreams change
I want to be built upon rock
Weathered by storms
Smoothed out by the sea
With jagged edges only you know”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“I have felt your drool on me
And never loved you more
Then with your closed eyes
Telling my shirt that home was not full of sights
But only full of soul.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“I looked outside your second floor living room window. I saw a view I had never thought I would see. There were trees of reddish brown hugging a river, dying but beautiful. Telling me I was so much more than a moment, and yet only a moment could define me at the present time. The future is unseen. Expecting to be better, is not always the truth. It takes something to smash your brains in, to squeeze your heart, to torture your soul in order to make you see what is in front of you”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Kings and Queens were once the rulers of lands, they did this under the supervision of God, their own rule was sanctioned by the divine right they were granted under these Gods. They themselves alone concluded that their lineage was supported by supremacy over others. By this they ruled over all people. Those who believed their stories. The Church supported the rulers who further established their respective religions. And so humans dared to dream and killed their Gods by killing their royalty. Exile was not enough, the only way their subservience would be eliminated was to murder without righteousness or virtue. If the apple is the symbol of knowledge then God wanted us to stay ignorant in order not to die itself.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Close your eyes, what do you think about? Not all dreams happen with your eyes closed, but the ones that do are the ones that have the most imagery, the most hope. Hope can be a dreadful thing but it can be a beautiful thing. There have been many great philosophers who have said that hope and dreams have this false sense of themselves, that they are only fragments of the real or true. They may be right about being fragments, but that does not make them any less true. Dreams send us guiding towards ideas, that are true themselves, if only ideals, of goals that we should strive towards. It is cliche and commonplace to call dreams fantasies of the mind, wishful thinking of fading things. Yet there are things that philosophers cannot explain, that reason leaves, all philosophers believe themselves poets but leave the soul out of their writing. The mind and its reason, that is truth. That is the belief. Yet anyone who has looked at a view that has left them without breath has known of something more.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“So I drink just one more glass to get me through the night; I look at my lamp, my fan, all the pictures and posted on my wall and I know I have failed again. I have left things left unsaid, undone, unseen. With only my dreams to guide me. If I knew my greatest sins were behind me, and not only something I felt, I would feel safe alone in my flawed arms, hoping to touch something purer and lovelier than me, so I think of you. I know what hopes are left to you, I know what pressure they bring and I still feel them because if anything hopes are wasteless. They are the infinite until we become the finite. I know I should not be scared of them, I know that they could be false, but dreams themselves are only false when the individual is false. I am false. I am hope. I am all the things I wish I could be but never see. So I see you, beautiful, long black hair, I say: God let this all be for something. And you sit there with your brown questioning eyes, you smile and I think again: God let this all be for something.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Ecce homo means behold the man. Behold the man and all his failures, if you can love him then God has forgiven and I have finally found a God worth serving with thin thighs and knots in her back. We have never kissed underneath a tree, I have never pushed your hair aside to shield the wind, I have never said whatever forces unseen and seen should be ours to smile eyes closed together. Buildings laugh at each other the way we do.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Another dead thing to haunt me in the night. And we will holler at lifeless crescent moons never begging for air or freedom. A flickering of a candle whose wick will not burn out as much as it will be extinguished by being drowned out. A wolf without teeth, howling his desires to unburden his soul.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Something I learned when I got older; your actions have a permanence. Delineations from the perfect line. Some mistakes can last a lifetime like the first brush of death. Some beliefs are worth tearing fabric for like perfect lines. It does not matter where a person has been but what they have done. There are people that can still be shallow no matter how much they travel or what they see.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“The thing about death is that it comes. Even the cleanest of deaths can leave remorse. The duality of it is dealing and understanding when it is a loved one, we have to derive a meaning from it at least personally. We define ourselves with the way we let go of our loved ones. The duality of it is that this ultimate loved one for you can die and the fact that it did not mean anything more in the grand scheme of things than how it effects you those around you. Some egoists have this belief that one death is more tragic than another, this is most easily represented when a celebrity dies and the news on everyones personal flat-screen holographic television displays it throughout the day. The importance of life is erased in death. It is the polar opposite, it is the abyss of nothings what some hipsters call the void, there is nothing more tragic than it ceased to exist in any circumstance we as the atomic beings decide to view it as. Maybe there is no way of knowing what is more tragic, watching life escape a person you loved or not being able to say goodbye.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“I think I finally understand what it is that you experienced in our last moments together. The fear to resign yourself to a final belief greater than yourself. It is difficult to decide what cause to believe in because of the fear that it is a lesser unworthy cause, it is not the meaning but rather a symptom of looking for meaning. And in all of our attachments we long for them to have meaning no matter how long they last. It is a scary thing to create such a drastic action that changes your life. It requires more than faith, there will be a second where only the action and what Kierkegaard called the infinite movement would have to occur. The final dance.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“The thing about leaving home, that self proclaimed exile, is that you love it even more if it is that bird that sings you the answer when you visit it after being gone for extended periods of time. The longer you are away the more you will think about going back. If only for your eyes to weep at the changes.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Two insane idiots with the same idea, that is what love is.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Most of the conversation was said with our eyes. Our eyes told truths neither of us could understand. Her a Goddess and me her pew. It was spent with me looking at her and her looking elsewhere. Perpendicular.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“The abyss is black and eventually I know I will smile, laugh even knowing all I think I know, maniacally while I howl at anything I could see that would laugh, snarl and howl the way I do.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“The night sky should not be scary, it should always be beautiful. I imagine my marriage will be like this and that of the void, that I will love my wife when she dies and that it will love me back long after mine. The blank night sky faces me, with my back flattened out by another blackness.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“It was in Kuala Lumpur that I saw the tree roots at the botanical gardens grow as much outside of the ground as inside. I saw what used to be the tallest building in the world still appreciated for its beauty long after it lost its title. I thought people could be like buildings, still adored despite their best years behind them. I heard the horns of cars drown out the sound of fountains spurting illuminated shades of violet and crashing against themselves and I thought it was time to leave, to head home the same way I left it; expecting things to be a different way than how they actually will work out. The actions of ones life, makes his life, and in this way things can disappear but never leave. A person that sees beauty in only the grand has never witnessed true beauty, if the abyss is to remind us of anything it is that there is beauty in nothingness and everything. The forest that has no trees, no stones, no path and no flowers is still a forest because of the feeling one can get walking through it which leaves me wondering if the grand zero is everything, that reality was a moment in which I both existed and ceased to exist.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“The biggest lie I ever told anyone was that I would not leave.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Nature, or the natural, that is what we find beauty in. The idea that some idea belongs in part of an order. That it is more than coincidence or a strange occurrence or a singular moment but rather that it is a coincidence or a strange occurrence or a singular moment that is natural to our being is what makes it beautiful. As if being anywhere else but where we are would be wrong, a pale version of the beauty our hearts imagined.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Degrading to atoms, conscious or not. The world was always and never falling apart.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“People spend time trying to impress people through the things they do and say in a tone any louder than a gasped whisper. The mass commodification of cool is perverse in the sense that the individual defining the term has its basis in what they think others will idolise in their own individuality. If there was no ego there would be no cool. If there was no cool, people would see more beauty. They would stop seeing their lives as more important than others based on what they themselves value”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“People who possess a thirst for knowledge, are keen observers, and possess a compassionate heart, hold the requisite key for learning and sharing their knowledge with other people.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“the architecture of our brains was born from the same trial and error, the same energy principles, the same pure mathematics that happen in flowers and jellyfish and Higgs particles.

Viewed in this way, our human aesthetic is necessarily the aesthetic of nature.

Viewed in this way, it is nonsensical to ask why we find nature beautiful.

Beauty and symmetry and minimum principles are not qualities we ascribe to the cosmos and then marvel at in their perfection.

They are simply what is, just like the particular arrangement of atoms that make up our minds.

We are not observers on the outside looking in. We are on the inside too.”
― Alan Lightman, The Accidental Universe: The World You Thought You Knew

“Buried deep within each of us is a question we’ve come to understand. The truth is we’re just not strong enough to act on it right now, but understanding what the question is that’s half the battle. Living without denial allows for freedom of the heart and mind.”
― Ron Baratono

“Instead of speaking and writing majority needs to learn and understand first.”
― Habib Bilal

“Not knowing how venom kills does not take away the usefulness of knowing that it does.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“History is one way in which a society recognizes
and develops a mass of documentation with which it is inextricably linked.”
― Michel Foucault, The Archaeology of Knowledge & The Discourse on Language

“A secret is a strange thing.

There are three kinds of secrets. One is the sort everyone knows about, the sort you need at least two people for. One to keep it. One to never know. The second is a harder kind of secret: one you keep from yourself. Every day, thousands of confessions are kept from their would-be confessors, none of these people knowing that their never-admitted secrets all boil down to the same three words: I am afraid.

And then there is the third kind of secret, the most hidden kind. A secret no one knows about. Perhaps it was known once, but was taken to the grave. Or maybe it is a useless mystery, arcane and lonely, unfound because no one ever looked for it.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves

“Darkness cannot be expelled with force, it can only be overwhelmed with light.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Fabric of Humanity

“....Possession of qualifications doesn't mean you are educated.”
― Farooq A. Shiekh

“The arrogant generally deem the humble ignorant.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Developing individualized operation and communication plans that are rooted in the authority and authenticity of the people, the story and the product allow for better creativity, production and engagement.”
― Create Wealth Communities

“I lay there. Lay there. The places we call home, are never remembered on a map. And all manic episodes start with a thought.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“I have very strong opinions and don’t want to give them up..

That’s your problem! You’ll be screwed up by those who have the same opinions as you and by those who have the opposite opinions.”
― Francis Lucille, The Perfume of Silence

“Darkness cannot be expelled with force, it can only be overwhelmed with light - ignorance and delusions cannot be expelled with force, they can only be overwhelmed with knowledge. And this process of overwhelming ignorance and delusions with knowledge is the practical enlightenment of a thinking society.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Fabric of Humanity

“Writing the story, plan, protection, and process based on the authenticity, validity, and authority of a business creates the soundest foundation to build a business on.”
― Create Wealth Communities

“With all the changes in business, many of the global standard operating procedures of yesterday no longer apply to today’s modern business world.”
― Create Wealth Communities

“By directing without assumption and validating with fact…
By avoiding the hype and digging into the proof of concept…
and by vetting and double checking for the facts and fiction…
You can move past the false messaging to find the authentic routes for your vision.”
― Create Wealth Communities

“It is easy to spend a ton of money and a ton of time on a business and the advertising of it. Many do. Consider putting the money and the time into the educating, building and protecting of a business to allow for the right results, with the smallest costs and the least amount of time.”
― Create Wealth Communities

“Man’s major problem is not that he lacks potentials, neither is it that he lacks solutions but man’s major problem is that he lacks knowledge of what he is truly capable of.”
― CLEMENT OGEDEGBE, YOUR POTENTIALS - THE SOURCE OF YOUR GREATNESS: ….Secrets to unleashing your full potentials and achieving greater heights in life.

“Stand up to hypocrisy. If you don't, the hypocrites will teach. Stand up to ignorance, because if you don't, the ignorant will run free to spread ignorance like a disease. Stand up for Truth! If you don't, there is no Truth to your existence. If you don't stand up for all that is right, then understand that you are part of the reason that there is so much wrong in the world.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Nature was beautiful and I felt in tune with the universe, like every single decision I had made had brought me to here, to the glowing now. And here is such a beautiful place to be”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“We had sat on a bench to take a moments break earlier and we discussed the possibility of always being this high, obviously in love with the feeling of the world being perfect. Daren was sold on this possibility, thinking that this was the way to happiness. As happy as it made me I knew it was an experience that could not be repeated. When an experience is new or when it has not been felt in a long time, that is when it is its most profound. I knew it could not be repeated the same way. Beauty is so rarely repeated in experience. So they say, pleasure comes in halves.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“What is the word that describes that feeling of complete of absent mindedness mixed with a sobering clarity. Like staring at a room that has gone blindingly full of light, a whiteness that keeps your mind attentive. What is the word for that feeling and does anyone else ever feel it? Do people begin everyday with their own prayer to a nameless god that is actually the universe? Are wishes our first thoughts of the day?”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Beauty in a dream and beauty in reality can both be witnessed first hand. Mad men and women also witness beauty in their delusions. My world is full of those delusions but perhaps so is everyone else’s since we read into things and in the reading into of things we lose their truth in order to gain some truth in insight.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Another thing I had to learn the hard way is that once the mind is stretched by experience it can never go back to its original dimensions. No matter how desperately the alleged master of the mind wishes it could forget. That means every belief, understanding and perspective I ever have will be shaped by my past experience. Bias becomes unavoidable.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“I remember I thought that she smelled like something I had never smelt before, but it was the sweetest scent. I could not describe it, but it was like a picture. A painting I had wanted to see my whole life. She was rainy mornings, and the view of cars going by in blurs while you sat still. She was the moon, that was full, but you know could empty if there ever was a sadness. The emptiness is the part I hated. It was a feeling that made you empty to reciprocate hers, it was a feeling that when she was full she could make you full too.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“It is the same way someone can greet death, to look in her eyes. The light that shone over her black hair whether artificial or natural made it glisten, never choking out the grand her. There is this deep belief that you know that this person has the power to kill you. Even if it does not hurt, even if it is not a pang of pain you feel inside you at every moment that you think will or will never go away. It is there anyways, I think I may think about it everyday and wish it had been different. It was a possible outcome I would have liked to live in.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“All the joints and drinks in the world could only serve to remind me. I imagine myself being Gatsby watching the party that I have thrown to get to where I am. A future where there is a something. Where I am better, where I am something.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“She left me ravenous and wishing upon fireflies for more. Limbs as puzzle pieces we fit together.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“People are scared to talk about death, they fear what is inevitable because it ends the current chapter without knowing if there will be a sequel, but it would be so beautiful to wake up as your flower. Or an atom, part of some distant planet with you. We could collide until we merged like all the physics teachers said was inevitable. Neutrons, protons and some unforeseen gravitational force. We could be drops of UV rays on the skin of some moon. I am always stuck at writing a sentence without you, no writers block would be worth not thinking of you.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“The last step before death is the moment of its demise. The emptiness or the new life. But the last step is also a point of reference itself. The last step can last as short or as long as its creator defines it. The last step could be before death itself. It could be the middle of death. It could be the last goodbye or the last look before eyelids drop to a close like curtains.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“The truly cost effective lifestyle would be to produce everything you require, it would subsequently imply a self-created kind of freedom. Time would be lost but it would all be your own, this however does not account for skill. The current institutionalised education system was not made for self-sustainability but rather extreme specialisation. The business sector itself accounts for a large amount of activity, so much so that it has its own defining term: the economy. Spaces in the world, both virtual and spatial have always had the socio-polticial-economic system but now it is more defined, more contested and more vulnerable.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“It was if I made love to a nymph of the mountains or air or wind and she had come to me to make me fall in love and leave, with some grand plan behind those actions. The last time I saw her she was just looking anywhere but me, a magical siren who I was helpless to look at staring at her distant gaze. A side profile of one of the most beautiful things I would ever see, with her hair blowing through the fall Melbourne wind.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“We were all deeply more ourselves than we had been before.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“She could read anything now, he said, and once you can read anything you can learn everything. It was up to her. “Nobody's come close to filling their brains,” he said. “We're all like giraffes not using their necks to reach the higher leaves.”
― Delia Owens, Where the Crawdads Sing

“Who wants to share knowledge and make contributions to what is shared by another, is humble. On the other hand, who only wants to leave in evidence to another, correcting and asking what already knows, trying to erroneously demonstrate all the knowledge that appears to possess, is simply a haughty one.”
― Jasmina Alexander

“Stories, knowledge...they set the mind alight.”
― Roshani Chokshi, Star-Touched Stories

“Intelligence uses knowledge to solve problems. More people can be proud of knowledge they have - fewer with intelligence. Everyone can get knowledge by holding one's attention for three seconds to gather it. Intelligence may require more than three seconds.”
― Thomas Vato, Questology

“Do not underestimate your enemy’s strategy for victory. Observe patiently in silence with the application of experience, knowledge, good judgment and strategize your defense to triumph over your enemies.”
― Jesus Apolinaris

“Emotional intelligence is knowledge of the “Self,” understanding who we are, and employing this knowledge to exercise self-control in our relationships with other beings and the world. Only by knowing ourselves can we responsibly and efficiently manage our senses, thoughts, words and actions, and behave in a benevolent manner toward other beings and the world.”
― Joseph Rain, The Unfinished Book About Who We Are

“The greatest virtue a person can have is not the fortune of material goods, but the fortune of intellectual values. This is the only way this world can be a better place.”
― Maria Karvouni

“I will never know, because I will never be able to be in the position to witness those things. And I don't care to know something I myself cannot confirm. No one should care about this.”
― Maria Karvouni

“It is surely the following kinds of question that would need to be posed:

What types of knowledge do you want to disqualify in the very instant of your demand: 'Is it a science'? Which speaking, discoursing subjects -which subjects of experience and knowledge - d you then want to 'diminish' when you say: 'I who conduct this discourse am conducting a scientific discourse, and I am a scientist'? Which theoretical-political avant garde do you want to enthrone in order to isolate it from all the discontinuous forms of knowledge that circulate about it? When I see you straining to establish the scientificity of Marxism I do not really think that you are demonstrating once and for all that Marxism has a rational structure and that therefore its propositions are the outcome of verifiable procedures; for me you are doing something altogether different, you are investing Marxist discourses and those who uphold them with the effects of a power which the West since Medieval times has attributed to science and has reserved for those engaged in scientific discourse.”
― Michel Foucault, Power/Knowledge: Selected Interviews and Other Writings, 1972-1977

“The utopia of knowledge would be to open up the non-conceptual with concepts, without making it their equal.”
― Theodor W. Adorno, Negative Dialectics

“You doesn't have to be in the history in order to know the past”
― Mary Uwamahoro

“The eyes will be of no use if the mind of a man is totally blind.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“Knowledge, self confident knowledge, which is sure that it is faultless, is faith.”
― Eugene Zamiatin, We

“Drugs are nothing compared to the ecstasy of erudition.”
― Emmanuelle Soni-Dessaigne

“Real enlightenment is not at all free from all sorts of ignorance, but it is at all times aware of that ignorance as well as all the shortcomings of the self, whereas in the so-called enlightenment fueled by mysticism, the self gets consumed by the illusion of knowledge, which is worse than ignorance.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Time to Save Medicine

“The value of knowledge is best appreciated in its absence.”
― Dr. Charles Apoki

“Only the knowledge of Scripture of Truth can deliver a us from the error of our ways.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Jste jako složitá kniha, ve které musím číst. Nezajímá mě boj o moc, chci odpovědi. Je mi jedno, kdo mi je dá. Hlavně když je dostanu. (Amélie Lambertová)”
― Zuzana Strachotová, Devět dní

“All knowledge and all wisdom comes from the unity of the Divine with the essence of life’s breath.

Meditate upon your breath both the—in and the out—and the deepest of peace will be with you.”
― Jason Cain

“They say Knowledge is to be Secret so to be Used for the Benefit of the Owner, Thus if become Public, the Value of it Decreases as it could be Learned. BUT that is not the case, what if Knowledge is Public but Understood and Applied only by a Few ? That creates Encryption on the Knowledge... Interesting.”
― Manos Abou Chabke

“The wisdom (true knowledge) is not in the sky to come down to you, and not in the earth to come up to you,
It is deposited in your heart,
Improve your morality to the morality of Angeles, so it will appears for you.”
― Imam Ali as.

“Through knowledge and experience, I have learned to doubt everything.”
― Maria Karvouni

“History is an ocean that books help us to navigate.”
― Lawrence Goldstone, Nancy Goldstone

“Where is the wisdom?
We lost in knowledge

Where is the wisdom we lost in knowledge?
?????”
― T.S. Eliot

“The Scientific Revolution proposed a very different formula for knowledge: Knowledge = Empirical Data × Mathematics. If we want to know the answer to some question, we need to gather relevant empirical data, and then use mathematical tools to analyse the data. For example, in order to gauge the true shape of the earth, we can observe the sun, the moon and the planets from various locations across the world. Once we have amassed enough observations, we can use trigonometry to deduce not only the shape of the earth, but also the structure of the entire solar system. In practice, that means that scientists seek knowledge by spending years in observatories, laboratories and research expeditions, gathering more and more empirical data, and sharpening their mathematical tools so they could interpret the data correctly.
The scientific formula for knowledge led to astounding breakthroughs in astronomy, physics, medicine and countless other disciplines. But it had one huge drawback: it could not deal with questions of value and meaning. Medieval pundits could determine with absolute certainty that it is wrong to murder and steal, and that the purpose of human life is to do God’s bidding, because scriptures said so. Scientists could not come up with such ethical judgements. No amount of data and no mathematical wizardry can prove that it is wrong to murder. Yet human societies cannot survive without such value judgements.”
― Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A History of Tomorrow

“Learn from those who have paved the way before you. - Kailin Gow on Wisdom”
― Kailin Gow

“Success is all about what you prove to know and do.”
― Bernard Osei Annang, Life, The theory of Everything: Succeeding in the 21st century and beyond

“But if you are not careful, spirituality can quite easily allow you to bypass the human dilemma, because spirituality can be anything you want it to be, whereas faith will challenge you. It’s not so comfortable. It carries with it the undeniable tension between your search for security and the limits of your ability to know. Faith keeps your spiritual quest relevant and connected to the heart of the human predicament.”
― Elizabeth Mattis Namgyel, The Logic of Faith: A Buddhist Approach to Finding Certainty Beyond Belief and Doubt

“Renew your mind with the Word rather than cloud your thoughts with the world!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“They coveted knowledge and no mystery was hidden from them. They grew strong in their knowledge but weak in their wisdom, craving more and still more power, crushing the defenseless.”
― Mary E. Peterson

“When someone asks a question, don't assume they don't know the answer. Clever people will always test you.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“The bravest warriors know when to retreat”
― Maureen Joyce Connolly, Little Lovely Things

“Learn from spiders. Sometimes you need to walk sideways”
― Maureen Joyce Connolly, Little Lovely Things

“Education is limited. Knowledge is infinite. Never stop learning.”
― Constance Friday Elias

“If You Have The Chance, Take A Step,
If You Have The Opportunity, Build Your Dream,
If You Have The Mind, Take Every Risk,
If You Have The Spirit, Hold Your Faith,
If You Have The Time, Prove Your Love,
If You Have The Strength, Walk Alone,
If You Have The Guts, Show Your Result;

Truly, The Only Time We Have Is Now..”
― Ekeh Joe Obinna

“To visualize the future – the vast ocean of possibilities, you must first learn to distinguish between knowledge and illusion of knowledge.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Saint of The Sapiens

“Ok, fair enough, people have the right to know! But is their right to know more important than my right to safety? Why should I reveal something about myself that will put me in danger? Why do you keep quiet about being a vampire?”
― Sheila Matharu, Darkness

“The internet is far more knowledgeable than any doctor.”
― Steven Magee

“I don't know all the answers, only idiots think that they have all the answers. All I do, is try to understand.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Lives to Serve Before I Sleep

“The question is,' John added, 'if a person inside a culture has no knowledge of his place in the unfolding of that culture, or in the history of any other people, and if no one else among either the oppressors or the oppressed has that knowledge, can that person be said to be alive? Indeed on what plane could he possibly exist except as chattel where he is a slave or not?”
― Walter Mosley, John Woman

“Călătoria prin toate viețile noastre este o reamintire conștientă a tot ceea ce știm.”
― Suzanne Ward, Matthew, Tell Me about Heaven

“Teacher to Juku's mother: 'Your son is so thirsty of knowledge! Who does he get it from?'
'The knowledge from me, the thirst from his father.”
― Lembit Öpik, Xenophobe's Guide to the Estonians

“After attainment of Supreme Knowledge a man lives but he does not lead an ordinary man’s life. He lives, he eats, he sleeps and by God’s commandment he becomes a “man-catcher” as Christ told Peter.”
― Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond

“Considering differences broadens your knowledge and increases your value.”
― Jeffrey G. Duarte

“But here I do see how everyone feels."

"I wonder if I like that," said Eddie. "I suspect how people feel, and that seems to me bad enough—I wonder if the truth would be worse or better. The truth, of course I mean, about other people. I know only too well how I feel.”
― Elizabeth Bowen, The Death of the Heart

“It is very challenging to effectively act on motivation and inspiration alone.

Without education and direction, forward motion can become a great challenge.”
― Loren Weisman

“Without knowledge you cannot choose wisely. And without wise choice, there is no freedom.”
― Walter Jon Williams, Aristoi

“Knowledge is Only Permanent and Biggest Asset Than Others.”
― jagan kumar

“Words are not necessary to know things, only to talk about them.”
― Marty Rubin

“She wasn't sure what she wanted to do, except that she knew that if she fooled around for long enough, without fretting, or nagging herself, she'd find out.”
― Philip Pullman, His Dark Materials

“Sleep with the knowledge that you control your dreams, and only you can make them come true.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Ibn Khaldun, though a conservative in certain aspects of his belief, was nevertheless dismayed by the negative attitudes towards learning among the Muslims. He writes:

When the Muslims conquered Persia and came upon an indescribably large number of books and scientific papers, Sa'd bin Abi Waqqas wrote to Umar bin al-Khattab asking him for permission to take them and distribute them as booty among the Muslims. On that occasion, Umar wrote him: 'Throw them in the water. If what they contain is right guidance, God has given us better guidance. If it is error, God has protected us against it.”
― Pervez Hoodbhoy, Islam and Science: Religious Orthodoxy and the Battle for Rationality

“Never overlook the "now" for an anticipation of the "morrow", which may never arrive.”
― Reginald L. Russell

“The real mystery is the known, not the unknown.”
― Marty Rubin

“Knowledge is, of course, very important, because the things that we know become our tools, and without good tools at our disposal, it is quite difficult to remain alive in the world.
But knowledge is also a kind of death. A question holds all the potential of the living universe within it. In the same way, a piece of knowledge is inert and infertile. Questions, Anna – questions are far more valuable than answers, and they do much less blowing up in your face as well. If you continue to seek questions, you cannot stray far off the proper road.”
― Gavriel Savit, Anna and the Swallow Man

“Do you know the logins and passwords for the accounts that have automatically been logging you in for ages?

Do you have the logins and passwords for your domains? Do you have the login for your #website and are you listed as an admin on it?

Even if someone or some business is managing pages, you should always have a login and password sheet for everything that has your information, your business, and your brand on it.”
― Loren Weisman

“When you don't know your rights, you'll always be wrong.”
― Constance Friday Elias

“Don't just look, look into a good book”
― Constance Friday Elias

“No Calvinist in New England could have been more rigorous in self-discipline than he was, but the supremely significant fact about his lifelong quest of knowledge is that he found in it "infinite delight." He always loved to study for by this means he expanded the horizons of his mind and gained the power of knowledge, which was the only power he really craved.”
― Dumas Malone, Jefferson the Virginian

“Religion blurs the image of God.”
― Constance Friday Elias

“Knowledge sets us free, art sets us free. A great library is freedom...and that freedom must not be compromised. It must be available to all who need it, when they need it, and that's always.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader and the Imagination

“Eve was tempted not by wealth or love but by knowledge.”
― Philip Pullman, Daemon Voices

“What’s wrong with knowing what you know now and not knowing what you don’t know now until later?”
—Winnie the Pooh”
― Disney Book Group, Christopher Robin: The Little Book of Pooh-isms: With help from Piglet, Eeyore, Rabbit, Owl, and Tigger, too!

“Meanwhile we have learnt something, and to know is to be prepared.”
― Agatha Christie, The Big Four

“Knowledge may make us smart, and power may make us mighty. But love makes us great.”
― Katy Kauffman, Heart Renovation: A Construction Guide to Godly Character

“MARCELLUS: But look, Agathon, what strange dark light is glowing amongst the clouds. You would think a sea of flame is blazing behind the clouds. A divine fire! And the sky is like a blue bell. It's as if one can hear it tolling in deep, solemn tones. You might even suspect that up there above us, in unattainable heights, something is taking place of which we shall never know. But at times we can sense it, when that vast silence has settled over the earth. And yet! All this is very confusing. The gods have to pose insoluble riddles for us humans. And the earth does not rescue us from the cunning of the gods; for it too is full of things that confound the senses. Both things and humans confuse me. True enough! Things are very taciturn! And the human soul won't yield up its riddles. You ask and it keeps silent.

AGATHON: Let's live and not ask questions. Life is full of beauty.”
― Georg Trakl, Gedichte und Prosa

“Find as much knowledge as you can. do not forget to share the knowledge that has been obtained to others”
― Hamzah Hilam

“All political theories assume, of course, that most individuals are very ignorant. Those who plead for liberty differ from the rest in that they include among the ignorant themselves as well as the wisest.”
― Friedrich A. Hayek, The Constitution of Liberty

“True wisdom is not acquired by capturing knowledge, it is earned by acting upon knowledge. True bravery is not the absence of fear, it is doing what you feel is the right thing to do, in spite of fear.”
― Freequill, What's Going On? How Can We Help?: The Consequences of Capitalism and Actionable Steps Towards a Healthy and Sustainable Future

“As he learned more math, Brodt made the wonder-inspiring observation that mathematical laws seemed to be Someone's intention rather than just accidents in many concepts: infinity, unity being totality, irrational numbers in general and pi in particular as it illustrates such disparate occurrences as the relationship of height to base perimeter in the Great Pyramid of Giza and the course of any meandering river (over a surface smoothed for consistency). There was also the Fibonacci Sequence, that looping string of addends which, with their sums, describes the spirals on a nautilus shell, the distribution of leaves around a tree branch, and the genealogy of ants and bees. It all seemed too orderly, too regular and consistent to have occurred by chance. So many things in the world appeared as blotches, smears, or random spikes that these mathematically explained phenomena were extraordinary--he wanted to say mystical, but he wouldn't want to be caught using that word.”
― Gwen Chavarria, Residuals Squared: A Speculative Fiction

“বোধোদয় অর্জনের কিছু নয়,

বোধোদয় অনুভব করার কিছু!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“Only through reading various books and gaining a variety of knowledge, our intellect can find a path to develop itself properly!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Mathematics is the study of the mind-world interactions defined by models of intelligibility and knowledge.”
― Davide Lo Vetere, Toward A New Conception Of Mathematics: A Theory of the Mind-world Interplay

“Truth is never shown by eyes or mind, it is always keep distance (Hidden). We should waste valuable time for searching truth. Situation to be balance is more important than truth. Past is history and future are imagination, then go forward and joy the life. we wrong because we want happiness, but reality is that we not need happiness we need enjoy the life, happiness will come automatically. Only one truth—there are No truth, whatever we know that is knowledge”
― Jagannath Hembram

“If your customers do not feel like they are being engaged, what reason do they have to remain engaged or connected with you?”
― Loren Weisman

“If we could stop gossiping and learn not to be offended, we could change the world in about 48 hours.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“Of what a strange nature is knowledge! It clings to the mind when it has once seized on it like a lichen on the rock. I wished sometimes to shake off all thought and feeling, but I learned that there was but one means to overcome the sensation of pain, and that was death—a state which I feared yet did not understand.”
― Mary Shelley, Frankenstein by Mary Shelley

“information is to knowledge what meaning is to comprehension”
― Davide Lo Vetere, Toward A New Conception Of Mathematics: A Theory of the Mind-world Interplay

“We don't need faith or poetry or wealth or knowledge to feel fully alive. Life itself is enough.”
― Marty Rubin

“Education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“There is always one more thing in someone’s hippocampus that you may know nothing about. There is always one more thing in your hippocampus that you may know nothing about.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“speakers becoming the rare find.

... and for very little investment you can become a "certified speaker and expert" from your choice of many so-called and even established business gurus.

Look to those with authority, #integrity, experience, #excellence, and #credibility to help inspire with applicable information and not just empty sugar high motivation (that wears off quickly)

Watch out, look up and dig in as you choose the best people to follow, listen to and learn from.”
― Loren Weisman

“Different emotions of Love are Believe, Trust, Like, Interest, Feels, Favorite, Thought, care, Blessing, Happiness, Response, Respect, Honest, Kindness, Hope, Forgiveness, Dreams, Pray, Helpful, knowledge, Imagination, Fear, Concentration, Freedom, Understand, Enjoy etc”
― Jagannath Hembram

“In order to get a holistic explanation, anthropology often has to upend common sense and question what gets taken for granted. Anthropology prompts us to reconsider not only what we think we know - what it means to be affluent, why blood matters, what constitutes reason - but also the terms by which we know it.”
― Matthew Engelke

“It is not good to hoard money and it is
equally unsanitary to hoard knowledge; the
more you hoard the less you think and the
lesser you know. - On Greed and Knowledge”
― Lamine Pearlheart, To Life from the Shadows

“La educacion es el progresivo descubrimiento de nuestra propia ignorancia.”
― Will Durant

“The whole conception of man already endowed with a mind capable of conceiving civilization setting out to create it is fundamentally false. Man did not simply impose upon the world a pattern created by his mind. His mind is itself a system that constantly changes as a result of his endeavor to adapt himself to his surroundings. It would be an error to believe that, to achieve a higher civilization, we have merely to put into effect the ideas now guiding us. If we are to advance, we must leave room for a continuous revision of our present conceptions and ideals which will be necessitated by further experience. We are as little able to conceive what civilization will be, or can be, five hundred or even fifty years hence as our medieval forefathers or even our grandparents were able to foresee our manner of life today.”
― Friedrich A. Hayek, The Constitution of Liberty

“Amplify with your authority instead of shouting publicity. A sell only goes so far.
Your experience, knowledge and authenticity have the endurance to engage and sustain a connection.”
― Loren Weisman

“Reading fills us with knowledge and exercises our emotions.”
― Nellotie Porter Chastain

“We must know who we are and where we are.”
― Donna Goddard, Circles of Separation

“But the thing about the truth was that once you learned it, it became impossible to unlearn.”
― Katharine McGee, The Dazzling Heights

“The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character – that is the goal of true education.”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“The world is a collection of amazing amount of data but with no meaning to them. The human mind, aroused by an insistence for meaning, seeks and finds nothing but contradiction and nonsense. The more one puts himself to wisdom the more sorrows he attains too. Sorrows are the unasked compliments that come along with true wisdom.”
― J. Yuvanesh, What life is all about?

“You can know a lot and still be stupid.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Knowledge about a thing is not the thing itself.”
― William james, Writings 1902-1910: The Varieties of Religious Experience / Pragmatism / A Pluralistic Universe / The Meaning of Truth / Some Problems of Philosophy / Essays

“The insane human mind is the greatest scientific instrument known to mankind.”
― Steven Magee

“Partly because it is such a complex process, reading is not just a habit our a skill, it's a deeply satisfying emotional experience. Something in us knows that the slimmest insights, the trust wisdom, the most enduring knowledge come through this channel. The spleen word rushes by and is gone, but the written word remains. It ensures. It can be consulted over and over again. Forever.

How wise then to surround oneself with books and magazines.

How wise to love them, and to teach one's children to love them.

How wise to read!”
― Arthur Gordon Those Little Black Marks, quoted in Norman Vincent Peale, (c 1984), p. 56.

“Breathe your way to a calmer, healthier, happier life.
Heavily.
Down the phone to a terrified woman.”
― Enis Kuntswine

“You cannot unsee what has been seen once the veil is lifted, Reverend Olumide says in church. We cannot return to the garden of Eden. When I meet with him he says I need to confront my fears, that the devil torments us with that which scares us most. So, I cross the line between the blue hallways tiles and the white locker-room floor and navigate my way to locker number thirty-two.”
― Uzodinma Iweala, Speak No Evil

“You cannot unsee what has been seen once the veil is lifted, Reverend Olumide says in church. We cannot return to the garden of Eden. When I meet with him he says I need to confront my fears, that the devil torments us with that which scares us most. So, I cross the line between the blue hallways tiles and the white locker-room floor and navigate my way to locker umber thirty-two.”
― Uzodinma Iweala, Speak No Evil

“I have found that when I intentionally control my thoughts, walk humbly, love and forgive unconditionally, generally, I have a pretty good day.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“There are bars of Pear's soap and a thick book called Pear's Encyclopedia, which keeps me up day and night because it tells you everything about everything and that's all I want to know.”
― Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes

“Wisdom comes from understanding knowledge.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Every subject is much easier than the people who wish to make money teaching it would have you know. So, for every single subject that can be systematized, there is a systematization that allows you to get 80% percent of the power with probably 5 or 10% of the effort. So the key question is that you have to prove that you have the superpower to rearrange the subject, to disintermediate the people who get paid for teaching it – which will always push you towards mastery, which is a question of getting the last 2 or 3% out of the system. And so the good news is that you can rearrange any subject to learn most of it very, very quickly. The bad news is that it will feel terrible because you will be told that you are doing the wrong thing and dooming yourself to a life of mediocrity as a jack of many trades, master of none – but in fact, the problem is that the jack of one trade is the connector of none. Good luck!”
― Eric R. Weinstein

“Wisdom comes from knowing what to do with the knowledge that you have learnt.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“He who said ‘ignorance is bliss’ didn’t know how much light knowledge holds. The darkness of his cocoon could be too oppressive to emerge.”
― Balroop Singh

“Knowledge makes a man proud. Love makes him Humble. When knowledge is blended with love, man shines as do the angels of God. “His life becomes radiant.”
― Dada J. P. Vaswani

“Knowledge without action is empty as a shadow.”
― J. P. Vaswani

“Love, devotion and all such ways are above the worldly knowledge. In that sense, the devil has great knowledge of the universe and the spiritual world, but he cannot win the best minds in the power of love and devotion.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“When you find an answer, let me know because I'm dying to know what the question was.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“The wisdom of Buddha is not written in stone, but in truth.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Mankind is fallible, so we should not rely on our own reasoning. We cannot hope to understand the world - all we can do is stand amazed at God's creation. True knowledge only comes from revelation. We should not question received wisdom.”
― Ken Follett, World Without End

“Gossip is the biggest hindrance to building trust and productivity in organizations across America.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“Knowledge is the most stressfull aspect about life.”
― Deyth Banger

“მთავარი ის კი არ არის, ადამიანმა რამე იცოდეს, მთავარია, ყველას თავი მოაჩვენო, ვიციო.”
― Ulrich Plenzdorf, Die neuen Leiden des jungen W.

“It's amazing to observe numerous dull beings with some illusion of knowledge around you. In their mind, they know that God exists, but even if it is not case that God exists, they would still believe it. In their mind, they know that some political ideologies express objectivity, but even if it is not case that these ideologies express objectivity, they would still believe them. In their mind, they know that some historical facts are true, but even if it is not case that these facts are true, they would still believe them. Whatever is in their mind is merely belief but not knowledge. The paradox of knowledge emerges when a person confuses knowledge with belief.”
― Elmar Hussein

“You Can not learn anything in life
unless You do or Face it”
― Saif Rehman

“There is a reason why they call it a pea brain when we get angry.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“We are more in control of how much we know than we are of how much we have.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“There's being smart and having knowledge, and then there's being wise and having wisdom,
I would like to be wise because I don't think that I could trust myself with knowledge.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Raising a daughter who is aware and knowledgeable of the world so that she can navigate through it with her eyes open, rather than closed, can be one of her best protection. Knowledge is power. - Raising A Strong Daughter: What Fathers Should Know by Finlay Gow JD and Kailin Gow MA”
― Kailin Gow

“The key is to keep asking, keep probing, keep drilling down. If you activate your natural curiosity, every answer you get may generate new questions, and then new answers, followed by more questions, and so on, in an ever-rising ladder of understanding.”
― Joseph Deitch, Elevate: An Essential Guide to Life

“Don’t make listening a chore. It doesn’t have to be hard work. Make it fun. Make it a game. Make it a treasure hunt. What could be more interesting than discovering new things and increasing our powers of perception? Listening is a never-ending journey along an ever-improving road.”
― Joseph Deitch, Elevate: An Essential Guide to Life

“Education means breaking free.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“The greatest leaders have the ability to have one eye on the prize and the other in the moment. When either one is lost they both will fail.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“We are closest to real knowledge when we are closest to understanding our own bodies.”
― Marty Rubin

“It is worth pointing out that feeling things (which usually means feeling them painfully) is at some level linked to the acquisition of knowledge.”
― Alain de Botton

“When you tell someone they made you angry, you give them complete control over how you think, how you feel 
and how you act, and that includes a two-year-old child.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“Content without continuity and connection will leave you with fewer conversions, sales, and engagement.

Stop trying to create something to go viral.

Start building an authentic connection rooted in endurance and engagement.”
― Loren Weisman

“They say if you don't know your history, you're doomed to repeat it. Unfortunately, most Americans can't even figure out what's going on in the present.”
― Thor Benson

“Wisdom : a Lover of true Knowledge”
― AdOrAbLe MiNd

“Leadership is not about control. Leadership is about influence.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“Long hours spent in the study of any text will reveal inner, unseen contours, an abstract architecture. This is as true of sacred books as of those poems written in pursuit of courtly or earthly love, or even of language itself. The ancient Mosaic law had accommodated this insight to the disadvantage of the surface layer, of images, while the Roman Catholic Church, akin to the preliterate cultural forms from which it in part arose, allows for the existence of a mystical understanding and experience of these abstractions. The careful scholar cannot but help but become aware of the conflict: when one speaks of the word, or Word, what is one truly speaking of? Who is the architect, man, and---or---a---God? Attempts to apprehend this new reality, these tensions, went initially by the names of philosophy, theology, science. What is it to know deeply? Is knowledge not always a form of power that, taken too far, cannot be turned against itself?”
― John Keene

“From my father I had learned that books were to be either adored or exiled. Books that were of God—books written by the Mormon prophets or the Founding Fathers—were not to be studied so much as cherished, like a thing perfect in itself. I had been taught to read the words of men like Madison as a cast into which I ought to pour the plaster of my own mind, to be reshaped according to the contours of their faultless model. I read them to learn what to think, not how to think for myself. Books that were not of God were banished; they were a danger, powerful and irresistible in their cunning.
To write my essay I had to read books differently, without giving myself over to either fear or adoration. Because Burke had defended the British monarchy, Dad would have said he was an agent of tyranny. He wouldn’t have wanted the book in the house. There was a thrill in trusting myself to read the words. I felt a similar thrill in reading Madison, Hamilton and Jay, especially on those occasions when I discarded their conclusions in favor of Burke’s, or when it seemed to me that their ideas were not really different in substance, only in form. There were wonderful suppositions embedded in this method of reading: that books are not tricks, and that I was not feeble.”
― Tara Westover, Educated

“La educación les permite a los humanos alcanzar su potencial mental y físico tanto en la vida persona como en la vida social.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“The great works of culture have it in their power to clear mental confusion, they give us words for things we had felt but had not previously grasped; they replace cliché with insight.”
― The School of Life, Great Thinkers: Simple Tools from 60 Great Thinkers to Improve Your Life Today

“Just because an eloquent, articulate and well-spoken person is sharing something, does not make what they are saying, true. 

Just because someone can relay information with an engaging, exciting or enticing delivery, does not mean what is being said is fact. 

Deciding what is true based on only emotion and not connecting with logic, looking up facts and researching for the proof behind it, 
can be very dangerous. 

Back it up before you buy into it. ”
― Loren Weisman

“We have a leadership crisis in our world today. It is based on the reality that we have developed leaders who care more about what people think about them, or how they are seen than they care about those that follow them.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“I realize that in giving birth, managing a household, raising a child, and composting potato peels in a city, I have learned some things about wildness that even Thoreau could not have known.”
― Lyanda Lynn Haupt, Crow Planet: Essential Wisdom from the Urban Wilderness

“And when I think of my few acquisitions, I have to admit how fiercely the autodidact struggles for her education, and how incomplete that education remains. How illusory is any accumulation of knowledge!”
― Sheridan Hay, The Secret of Lost Things

“The feeling has Knowledge; whereas, the knowledge has not the feeling. Similarly, an academic evaluates, with knowledge, while an ordinary reader praises, with the feeling.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“If you intend to evaluate how your knowledge is applicable, transfer it to others.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Real education opens up the mind to the vast world of possibilities and potential.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Read what I write, and like what you read.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Yes, surprising, isn’t it?” he said. . . . “You’d think everyone would ask for what they want and there’d be hundreds of tailors catering to specification. But most people don’t know what they want.”
― Sheridan Hay, The Secret of Lost Things

“Think not I say these things in order that you may say the one to the other, "He praised us well. He saw but the good in us."

I only speak to you in words of that which you yourselves know in thought.

And what is word knowledge but a shadow of wordless knowledge?

Your thoughts and my words are waves from a sealed memory that keeps records of our yesterdays,

And of the ancient days when the earth knew not us nor herself,

And of nights when earth was upwrought with confusion,

Wise men have come to you to give you of their wisdom. I came to take of your wisdom.”
― Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet

“The only certain barrier to truth is the presumption that you already have it.”
― Chuck Missler

“We are closest to real knowledge when we're closest to understanding our own bodies.”
― Marty Rubin

“We cannot do for others what they’re unwilling to do for themselves.”
― Kristy McMorlan, Treasures in the Trash

“All the things you want and need in life are through the door marked ‘Wisdom’.”
― Jonathan Heimberg

“When you pursue wisdom, you will soon realize how much you don’t know. Your knowledge will be incomplete, but continually developing through your curiosity.

Arrogance blocks new information from coming in. When you’re conceited, you’ll resist change, and struggle to preserve your fixed image. Don’t fall into smug idleness, used to comfort. Challenge what you think you know, not caring if other people see you as a fool.

Progress daily in your own uncertainty.”
― Bremer Acosta, Stoic Practice

“With confidence, you have won before you have started.
So, never get diverted from your path that ultimately opens the doors of true success.”
― Mangesh Kumar Panwar

“There are two kinds of learning, from the inside and from the outside. The fist is regarded as the best, or even the only kind. And so people learn through distant journeys, watching, reading, universities and lectures — they learn from what is happening outside them. Man is a stupid creature who had to learn. So he tacks knowledge onto himself, he gathers it like a bee, gaining more and more of it, putting it to use and processing it. But the thing inside that is "stupid" and needs learning doesn't change.

Cornspike learned by absorbing things from the outside to the inside.

Knowledge that is only grown on the outside changes nothing inside a man, or merely changes him on the surface, as one garment is changed for another. But he who learns by taking things inside himself undergoes constant transformation, because he incorporates what he learns into his being.

So by taking the stinking, dirty peasants from Primeval and the district into herself, Cornspike became just like them, was drunk just like them, frightened by the war just like them, and aroused just like them. What's more, by taking them into herself in the bushes behind the inn, Cornspike also took in their wives, their children, and their stuffy, stinking wooden cottages around Maybug Hill. In a way she took the entire village into herself, every pain in the village, and every hope.”
― Olga Tokarczuk, Primeval and Other Times

“Is it not curious, that so vast a being as the whale should see the world through so small an eye, and hear the thunder through an ear which is smaller than a hare's? But if his eyes were broad as the lens of Herschel's great telescope; and his ears capacious as the porches of cathedrals; would that make him any longer of sight, or sharper of hearing? Not at all.—Why then do you try to “enlarge” your mind? Subtilize it.”
― Herman Melville, Moby Dick

“In all professional endeavors, rigorous standards of accuracy are required. Scholars cherish their freedom of expression. But full freedom cannot be experienced if part of one’s knowledge is ruled “out-of-bounds” by edicts of men. Spiritual truth cannot be ignored—especially divine commandments.”
― Russell M. Nelson, Accomplishing the Impossible: What God Does, What We Can Do

“Gloriana, being royal isn’t about the wealth you possess, the crown on your head, the fine clothes you wear, or the castle you live in. It’s about the loyalty in your heart for your people, the knowledge in your head to aid them in times of trouble, and the depth of your soul to weather any storm.”

Kimbra Swain. Fairy Tales Of A Trailer Park Queen: Boxset (Kindle Locations 3327-3329). Crimson Sun Press.”
― Kimbra Swain, Bless Your Heart

“Music is beyond knowledge, as feeling is.”
― Marty Rubin

“If you receive a ‘certified’ message in a bottle with an audit notice, be sure to have the most complete records and do not forget those receipts before the IRS boards your vessel for inspection.”
― Jeffrey Schneider EA CTRS NTPIF, Now What? I Got a Tax Notice from the IRS. Help!: Defining and deconstructing the scary and confusing letters that land in your mailbox.

“Knowledge cannot be inherited nor can it simply be gifted.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Don't act your role, be yourself.”
― Lorenzo Dozier, 31 Days to Live

“Not knowing is ok. Not wanting to know is idiocy.”
― Mehnaz Ansari

“I’ve realized people can live in a world they’ve personally constructed through a distorted lens of guilt and shame, whether they deserve it or not.”
― Kristy McMorlan, Treasures in the Trash

“We need all types of knowledge. Why not expand our circle of information?”
― Jody Shields, The Winter Station

“Success doesn't lead to happiness. Happy people are more successful. Therefore happiness is not a result to be attained through action, but a fact to be realized through knowledge.”
― Jimvirle/Jinvirle

“Of the gnostic so much has been cursorily, as it were, written. We proceed now to the sequel, and must again contemplate faith; for there are some that draw the distinction, that faith has reference to the Son, and knowledge to the Spirit. But it has escaped their notice that, in order to believe truly in the Son, we must believe that He is the Son, and that He came, and how, and for what, and respecting His passion ; and we must know who is the Son of God. Now neither is knowledge without faith, nor faith without knowledge. Nor is the Father without the Son ; for the Son is with the Father. And the Son is the true teacher respecting the Father; and that we may believe in the Son, we must know the Father, with whom also is the Son. Again, in order that we may know the Father, we must believe in the Son, that it is the Son of God who teaches ; for from faith to knowledge by the Son is the Father. And the knowledge of the Son and Father, which is according to the gnostic rule—that which in reality is gnostic—is the attainment and comprehension of the truth by the truth.”
― Clement of Alexandria, Volume 12. The Writings of Clement of Alexandria

“If knowledge is the ammunition of reform, experience is the wick to ignite it.”
― Mudit Handa

“The autonomy of life is known throughout the universe.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“Never shut out the natural curiosity your mind has. Life wants you to continually expand upon your knowledge base. You will be surprised the few secrets people keep and will give up with an innocently-framed question.”
― Dan Born, Finally Understanding Carnal Knowledge

“People used to build great libraries to symbolize man’s quest for knowledge, now we have the Internet which is both more powerful and wonderful. The men who used to get their information from the library were considered scholars but the men who get their information from the Internet are considered idiots, or worse, thieves.”
― Mike Wehner, The Girl Who Can Cook

“The great tragedy is that knowledge-even incomplete-comes late.”
― Jill Bialosky, History of a Suicide: My Sister's Unfinished Life

“He saw my confusion and led me a slow, stately march to the library. There were shelves all the way around the room, and every shelf was crowed with books. I had not thought so many books existed.[...] There was a desk, several big leather chairs, a wooden floor covered with faded rugs, and in front of the fireplace a sofa with soft pillows. The shelves stopped several feet short of the ceiling, leaving room for a row of busts of what I imagined must be famous gentlemen. Lamps cast little pools light in the room, and the sound and smell of the fire reminded me of the fires the Kikuyu would make outside theirs huts when they roasted goats.”
― Gloria Whelan, Listening for Lions

“All answers to why are information. All answers to how are knowledge.”
― Raheel Farooq, Kalam

“The relation to the world, such as it tirelessly announces itself within us, is not something that analysis might clarify: philosophy can simply place it before our eyes and invite us to take notice.”
― Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception

“If You...

say the same things as everyone else…
share the same links as everyone else…
post the same quotes as everyone else…
and put up the same pictures as everyone else…

Why should anyone think you are any different than everyone else?

You have your own creativity. You have your own story.

Stop trying to tell another person’s story and start engaging people with yours.”
― Loren Weisman

“Human life is infinitesimally small, to grasp the knowledge of the entire Universe.”
― Aditya Bisht

“If you knew how much time you had, you would be 100% following your soul's calling...and it would definitely manifest!”
― Jaclyn Nicole Johnston

“Poison is not merciful towards people who have consumed it unknowingly.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“...it is inevitable that women will be victimized by the sciences and their technologies in a society such as ours where women have little power, where almost all scientific research is technology-driven, and here political issues are posed as requiring merely technological "solutions".”
― Sandra Harding

“Worthlessness frequently nullifies humility, because people who feel unworthy generally don’t do anything that leads them to be modest about.”
― Kristy McMorlan, Treasures in the Trash

“It has always been asked in the spirit of: ‘What are the best sources of our knowledge – the most reliable ones, those which will not lead us into error, and those to which we can and must turn, in case of doubt, as the last court of appeal?’ I propose to assume, instead, that no such ideal sources exist – no more than ideal rulers – and that all ‘sources’ are liable to lead us into errors at times. And I propose to replace, therefore, the question of the sources of our knowledge by the entirely different question: ‘How can we hope to detect and eliminate error?’ The question of the sources of our knowledge, like so many authoritarian questions, is a genetic one. It asks for the origin of our knowledge, in the belief that knowledge may legitimize itself by its pedigree. The nobility of the racially pure knowledge, the untainted knowledge, the knowledge which derives from the highest authority, if possible from God: these are the (often unconscious) metaphysical ideas behind the question. My modified question, ‘How can we hope to detect error?’ may be said to derive from the view that such pure, untainted and certain sources do not exist, and that questions of origin or of purity should not be confounded with questions of validity, or of truth. …. The proper answer to my question ‘How can we hope to detect and eliminate error?’ is I believe, ‘By criticizing the theories or guesses of others and – if we can train ourselves to do so – by criticizing our own theories or guesses.’ …. So my answer to the questions ‘How do you know? What is the source or the basis of your assertion? What observations have led you to it?’ would be: ‘I do not know: my assertion was merely a guess. Never mind the source, or the sources, from which it may spring – there are many possible sources, and I may not be aware of half of them; and origins or pedigrees have in any case little bearing upon truth. But if you are interested in the problem which I tried to solve by my tentative assertion, you may help me by criticizing it as severely as you can; and if you can design some experimental test which you think might refute my assertion, I shall gladly, and to the best of my powers, help you to refute it.”
― Karl Popper

“Those who know the least want to be heard the most.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“There is no true bliss in ignorance.”
― Joseph Deitch, Elevate: An Essential Guide to Life

“Only when we recognize our shortcomings can we begin to remedy them. Only when we perceive our true strengths can we leverage their power. And only when we seek what we don’t know can we really start to learn.”
― Joseph Deitch, Elevate: An Essential Guide to Life

“Didn’t she know that knowing why doesn’t make things any less scary?”
― Helen Oyeyemi, The Icarus Girl

“The library is dangerous—
Don’t go in. If you do

You know what will happen.
It’s like a pet store or a bakery—

Every single time you’ll come out of there
Holding something in your arms.

Those novels with their big eyes.
And those no-nonsense, all muscle

Greyhounds and Dobermans,
All non-fiction and business,

Cuddly when they’re young,
But then the first page is turned.

The doughnut scent of it all, knowledge,
The aroma of coffee being made

In all those books, something for everyone,
The deli offerings of civilization itself.

The library is the book of books,
Its concrete and wood and glass covers

Keeping within them the very big,
Very long story of everything.

The library is dangerous, full
Of answers. If you go inside,

You may not come out
The same person who went in.”
― Alberto Ríos

“It is impossible to derive happiness from the company of those whom we deprive of happiness.

To be happy in old age it is necessary that we accustom ourselves to objects than can accompany the mind all the way through life, and that we take the rest as good in their day. The mere man of pleasure is miserable in old age; and the mere drudge in business is but little better: whereas, natural philosophy, mathematical and mechanical science, are a continual source of tranquil pleasure, and in spite of the gloomy study of the true theology; it teaches man to know and to admire the Creator, for the principles of science are in the creation, and are unchangeable, and of divine origin.”
― Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason

“There are things in life that we simply must experience in order to know. Someone can tell you what it feels like to experience or witness the birth of your first child, but the actual experience is in another realm altogether. The same is true of love. You can read sonnets, hear romantic songs, and understand the biochemistry, but until you experience love, it’s all just a bunch of words.”
― Joseph Deitch, Elevate: An Essential Guide to Life

“Learning was so dangerous: for how could one tell in advance, while still ignorant, whether a thing could ever be unlearned or forgotten, or if, once known and named, it would invalidate by its significance the whole of one's former life, all of those years wiped out, convicted at one blow, retrospectively darkened by one sudden light?”
― Margaret Drabble, The Waterfall

“Our fellowman either may voluntarily reveal to us the truth about himself, or by dissimulation he may deceive us as to the truth. No other object of knowledge can thus of its own initiative, either enlighten us with reference to itself or conceal itself, as a human being can. No other knowable object modifies its conduct from consideration of its being understood or misunderstood.”
― Georg Simmel, The Sociology of Secrecy and of Secret Societies

“No one is exempt from the call to find common ground.”
― Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream

“To really live a life in search of knowledge, you must admit when you are wrong.”
― Jason Fagone, The Woman Who Smashed Codes: A True Story of Love, Spies, and the Unlikely Heroine who Outwitted America's Enemies

“If we aren't willing to pay a price for our values, if we aren't willing to make some sacrifices in order to realize them, then we should ask ourselves whether we truly believe in them at all.”
― Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream

“How it is possible to learn anything if you you feel that you know everything”
― Hisham Fawzi

“Përsëritja asht nana e dijes.”
― Rexhai Surroi, Besniku

“ATP inaweza kukusaidia kupata akili na nguvu ya kufanya jambo ambalo katika hali ya kawaida lisingewezekana. Wakati mwingine unaweza kufanya jambo hata wewe mwenyewe ukashangaa umelifanyaje. Unaweza kwa mfano kufukuzwa na mnyama mkali ukapenya mahali ambapo, katika hali ya kawaida usingepenya. Sasa usishangae tena. Kilichofanya upenye ni ATP.”
― Enock Maregesi

“With a Masters in Management from USC, I did some consultant work in Reorganization, New Products, and Change. Amazon was smart to have me as a Beta and got my advice for free. Amazon was the only company who did because for other companies, it wasn't. But what I got from Amazon is a good understanding of how they operate, the culture, and the people behind the business - Strong by Kailin Gow”
― Kailin Gow

“All the books, all the lectures, all the pages of ... of information, areas nothing against the measure of our experience -- and by that he meant the experience we take to heart, that we go back to, trying to work out the why, what, and how of whatever has come about in our lives. That, he said, is where we learn the value of true knowledge, with our life's lessons to draw upon so that we might one day be blessed with wisdom. I may not be there yet, but the better part of me is doing my utmost, and one of the elements of life I am learning the hard way is the wisdom to be found in forgiveness. It's what is setting me free.”
― Jacqueline Winspear, Journey to Munich

“The world even the smallest parts of it, is filled with things you don’t know.”
― Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian

“In a sense, the media is a moving Potemkin village of understanding, constantly adapting and reconstructing after-the-fact.”
― Visakan Veerasamy

“Those who know more can easily understand that they actually know so little.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“We need affection and tenderness to grow more than knowledge and ideas.”
― Marty Rubin

“Nowadays, focusing on transferring applicable knowledge is a very challenging task that all teachers face.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Watu wengi hawana maarifa kwa sababu ya elimu na utajiri. Hawana elimu na hawana utajiri. Nchi iwape wananchi wake kila kitu isipokuwa ujinga na umaskini.”
― Enock Maregesi

“We know so little, and have difficulty learning: so we have to lie for that reason only.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra

“The peace of God, is the greatest gift on earth.”
― Jerry Sarkwah, The Boy from Africa

“Science gives us the ability to pull back the skin of life
and reveal the truth of things. It allows us to understand
the mysteries of mountain-making and falling stars.

But knowledge isn't meant to be held as a weapon
in a battle to defy our fates and manipulate life over death.

Evil lodges too easily in men's hearts.
What will happen if they assume the power to create life?”
― Lita Judge, Mary's Monster: Love, Madness, and How Mary Shelley Created Frankenstein

“The first step to salvation is the instruction accompanied with fear, in consequence of which we abstain from what is wrong; and the second is hope, by reason of which we desire the best things; but love, as is fitting, perfects, by training now according to knowledge.”
― Clement of Alexandria, Volume 12. The Writings of Clement of Alexandria

“Most of the beautiful things in the world are done effortlessly.”
― Johnstone Muchiri

“While facts do kill ignorance, ignoring facts does not kill them.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“What I know today, I don’t know for certain.”
― Reed

“Sometimes you don't even know how special you might be. Sometimes it takes moments of horror or happiness to, if you will, unleash that knowledge.”
― Roshani Chokshi, Aru Shah and the End of Time

“When I was four I believed everything, accepted everything, and was scared of nothing. Now I was eight, and I believed in what I could see and was scared of anything I couldn't. Scared of things in the darkness, of things invisible to see.”
― Neil Gaiman, The Tragical Comedy or Comical Tragedy of Mr. Punch

“When a man's knowledge is not in order, the more of it he has, the greater is his confusion.”
― Herbert Spencer

“Wisdom is knowledge, but knowledge is not necessarily wisdom.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Knowledge is not intelligence”
― Mehnaz Ansari

“ثمة شىء ما آخر أود أن أذكرك به عزيزي. لقد أقسمت لي ذات مرة أنك بعد كل ما خبرت في الحياة لم تعد تؤمن بأي شىء. وأجبتك إن حياتي ودراساتي قد أوصلاني للنتيجة نفسها، وسألتك ماذا عساه يفعل من أدرك أن الحقيقة تستحيل على الإدراك وبالتالي لا وجود لها؟ أتذكر بم أجبتني؟"
"أتذكر يا ابن الصباح. قلت شيئا ما مثل ‘إن أدرك امرئ أن كل ما يدعوه الآخرون سعادة وحب وفرح ليست سوى حسابات خاطئة أساسها فرضية زائفة، سيشعر بفراغ رهيب بداخله. وإن الشىء الوحيد الذي قد يحرره من جموده هذا هو أن يقامر بوجهه ووجوه الآخرين. من يمكنه فعل هذا مسموحا له بكل شىء.”
― Vladimir Bartol, Alamut

“If they who are appointed to instruct and rule over men had wisdom and virtue themselves, realities, and not fantasies, would enable them to govern better; but scoundrels, quacksalvers, ambitious ruffians, or low sneaks, the lawgivers have ever found it easier to lull nations to sleep with bedtime tales than to teach truths to the public, than to develop intelligence in the population, than to encourage men to virtue by making it worthwhile for sound and palpable reasons, than, in short, to govern them in a logical manner.”
― Marquis de Sade, Juliette

“Many people remember to include miles to their clients or vendors. However, what about those trips to the office supply store, bank, post office? These miles add up. Do not forget the miles!”
― Jeffrey a Schneider Ea Ctrs Ntpi Fellow, Now What? I Got a Tax Notice from the IRS. Help!: Defining and deconstructing the scary and confusing letters that land in your mailbox.

“I think, perhaps, that I begin to understand how much I do not know.”
― Jenelle Leanne Schmidt, Minstrel's Call

“It is believed that knowledge can automatically change the personality, that is, the more you know, the more likely that you will change yourself. But this is false faith. If certain knowledge is not mentally "absorbed" - there is no significant difference in your vision before and after its existence, this means that you do not yet know this. This is a simple automatic brain-act, similar to the cognitive processes that occur in the artificial brain of computers. True knowledge occurs only when you feel that you already know it. Without this feeling, your brain does not hold any true knowledge.”
― Elmar Hussein

“I see many more successes and wins from those working to be better over those trying to be the best.

Remove the hype, the hate and the ego in your growth to truly grow to your potential and beyond.

Stop subscribing to the idea that you have to be the best.”
― Loren Weisman

“Only through knowing could a person become strong.”
― Haruki Murakami

“Now Aristotle says that the judgment which follows knowledge is in truth faith. Accordingly, faith is something superior to knowledge, and is its criterion. Conjecture, which is only a feeble supposition, counterfeits faith; as the flatterer counterfeits a friend, and the wolf the dog.”
― Clement of Alexandria, Volume 12. The Writings of Clement of Alexandria

“Why refuse to investigate, when knowledge of reality enables mastery of reality (and if not mastery, at least the stature of an honest amateur)?”
― Jordan B. Peterson, 12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos

“In some cases, ignorance is deadlier than poverty.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Receiver:


Speech discriminates between listening ears
even if sound does not.”
― Vijay Fafat, The Ninth Pawn of White - A Book of Unwritten Verses

“Wise men seek understanding so that others might gain. To pursue knowledge at all costs is the mark of a true fool.”
― Will Wight, The Traveler's Gate Chronicles

“You don't have to know how to make babies to make babies.”
― Marty Rubin

“I almost regret having helped you in your researches & having told you what I did”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“True Knowledge is a strong relation between brain and heart in which your heart draw a scheme and brain prove it logically correct and practically applicable.”
― mohammad rishad sakhi

“Not everything in life comes as we expect”
― WAYFARER

“not always can find similarities in ourselves”
― Wayfarer

“not always we can find similarities in ourselves”
― Wayfarer

“I Think You'll Find It's a Bit More Complicated Than That

Ben Goldacre”
― Kate Fulford, Inlaws and Outlaws

“Beliefs are a consequence of what has been instituted. Knowing is a result of what has been experienced. Adopt what's real and moderate what feels.”
― T.F. Hodge

“Asks, he does…
But Oh!
A question so small…”
― Vijay Fafat, The Ninth Pawn of White - A Book of Unwritten Verses

“A* search for the certain puzzle that fits your mind. A certain quality out of matrix, an emerge of reality and divine. Persistent sustained look and fixed mind is the rebirth, the start of sanity, the start of rise.”
― Kudretullah Sak

“Pixel of Quantity makes the big picture of Quality”
― Kudretullah Sak

“You have a competitor, the moment you see the competition”
― Kudretullah Sak

“Look around you.. What do you understand? A million billion composition of life itself. Don't you see the reason? Straw is not gold, up is not down, white is not black. A only equates to A.”
― Kudretullah Sak

“Water, in all its forms, is what carries the knowledge of life throughout the universe.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“Power rests on the kind of knowledge one holds. What is the sense of knowing things that are useless?”
― Carlos Castaneda, The Teachings of Don Juan: A Yaqui Way of Knowledge

“The biggest irony of life is that rich people actually lead poor lives! They spend their entire life making money and creating wealth and thus lose out on living a life filled with true knowledge, happiness, and passion!”
― Avijeet Das

“The best company is when you are with those who bring out the best in you and those who inspire you to do what you love doing (Something “good.”). Seneca realised that teaching and development comes from learning especially from those who at the time have a deep knowledge of all things and areas. The best teacher is the one who makes it fun and interesting at the same time. Whatever the subject, especially when teaching our children who absorb things so well, the way in which we convey the knowledge is vital to the development process.”
― Alexander Lloyd Curran, Introduction to Lexivism

“Knowing a great deal is not the same as being smart; intelligence is not information alone but also judgement, the manner in which information is co-ordinated and used. Still, the amount of information to which we have accessed is one index of our intelligence.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“La curiosidad no está sujeta a los fueros, ni teme a las penas. Mas se atreve más contra lo que más se prohíbe.”
― Diego de Saavedra Fajardo, Empresas políticas

“Quien no duda no puede conocer la verdad.”
― Diego de Saavedra Fajardo

“Wisdom helps us understand that love, knowledge and compassion are what keep the fabric of the universe intact.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“Willow trees up high
bend amid ancient knowledge
shared softly by antique winds.
Through attained wisdom
they mature, strong and certain,
enchanting the bygone winds”
― Phen Weston, The Silent Balance: A Collection of Waka Poetry

“Kompjutersko doba i internet omogućili su ti da brzo i lako dođeš do informacija, ne i do znanja. Nisu sve informacije istine, ali svaka istina treba da postane informacija. Internet ti pomaže da glasno izgovoriš istinu, ali i da izmisliš laži u koje želiš da veruješ. Internet je dobra škola za radoznalog đaka. Internet je ludnica sa neograničenim brojem mesta za dijagnoze za koje nisi ni slutio da postoje. Na internetu možeš biti bilo ko, bilo kada i bilo gde. Na internetu se ostavruju snovi. Internet... Pomoći će ti da prespavaš život, verujući da si budan.
Nisi. Nažalost, nisi.”
― Tamara Kučan, PROFAJLER

“Laži su robija, a iz te robije može da te izvuče samo znanje. Znanje je opasno, ali ono je jedina istinska sloboda. Tragajući za zanjem o svetu oko sebe, pronaći ćeš sebe. To je trenutak koji menja sve.”
― Tamara Kučan, PROFAJLER

“You know, you take a job to make a living and also to do your duty. But a person should be more than just his trade. A job isn't everything, nor does it last for ever. Human beings should be the masters of the world and their work, and above all, masters of knowledge. Suppose both of us are umbrella repairers, and we each earn eighteen yuan a month. But then if you know about dinosaurs whereas I don't, you're better off and richer than I am. Am I right?”
― Wang Meng, Other Voices, Other Vistas: Short Stories from Africa, China, India, Japan and Latin America

“All that is needed in order to move the assemblage point is, firstly, the knowledge that it is possible; and secondly, sufficient personal power with which to do so.”
― Théun Mares, Cry of the Eagle: The Toltec Teachings Volume 2

“An educated person is she or he who knows where or how to acquire knowledge.”
― Joseph Rain, The Unfinished Book About Who We Are

“Women are special people, they gave birth to us and never stopped there until they see us becoming better people in the society.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“There is so much knowledge available today that there can be no such thing anymore as a classical education that we can expect more than a relatively few people to share.”
― Samuel R. Delany, The Atheist in the Attic

“The horror had been articulated; it was out; its face had been drawn and could be regarded. Now, even if it could not be changed, it could at least be wept over.”
― Stephen King, Pet Sematary

“Are the people you are listening to experts in selling or experts in their given fields or both?

Many can sell their services with a greater expertise than the expertise they have in the services they are selling. Watch out, look out and dig deeper.”
― Loren Weisman

“Wisdom is ours for the asking if we so desire.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“Seek what is in your heart and the knowledge of love shall be yours.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“The cup of innocence will always overflow with the liquid of experience.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“People hate who they have become. Not out of desperation, but out of knowledge.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Learning is important, but it is more important to transform learning into wisdom by thinking about your knowledge.”
― Debasish Mridha

“A wise man does not pretend to know what he know not. He will listen to the wiser.”
― Terry a O'Neal

“We are seeing the potentiality when it comes to technological optimism; the internet used in the correct way is an educational fountain of knowledge. Our social networking platforms can be turned into insightful articles about scientific marvels, medical breakthroughs, engineering tutorials, philosophical discussions and debates, nature documentaries, religious questions, news relating to politics or current activism going on around the world… The list goes on and on yet the access (depending on where you live) is unprecedented and vast.”
― Alexander Lloyd Curran, Introduction to Lexivism

“When I was young, I said to God, 'God, tell me the mystery of the universe.' But God answered, 'That knowledge is for me alone.' So I said, 'God, tell me the mystery of the peanut.' Then God said, 'Well George, that's more nearly your size.' And he told me.”
― George Washington Carver

“To attain knowledge, learn continuously. To become wise, observe continuously.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“The most arduous part of learning is preparing the mind to accept new knowledge.”
― Ben Bova , New Earth

“Self-discovery is the gateway to knowledge.”
― Tapan Ghosh

“Get your knowledge fast, apply faster”
― Filipe Leuch Bonfim

“Knowledge not shared remains unknown”
― Chris Grabenstein, Escape from Mr. Lemoncello's Library

“Once you realize that the vast majority of people see and know very little, you will rarely be affected when someone speaks ill or well of you.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“People love to say that knowledge is power. But the truth is that knowledge is only potential power”
― Tony Robbins, Unshakeable

“To learn is to broaden, to experience more, to snatch new aspects of life for yourself. To refuse to learn or to be relieved at not having to learn is to commit a form of suicide; in the long run, a more meaningful type of suicide than the mere ending of physical life.

Knowledge is not only power; it is happiness, and being taught is the intellectual analog of being loved.”
― Issac Asimov

“You have to go to bed wiser than you got up. As you try to master what you are trying to do - people who do that almost never fail utterly. Very few have ever failed with that approach. You amy rise slowly, but you are sure to rise.”
― Peter Bevelin

“It wasn't right that you could only understand your parents' pain once you'd experienced the things they had, and by then they were gone.”
― J. Courtney Sullivan, Saints for All Occasions

“If you want to meet your fate in life you must start from where you are. You cannot start by first wanting to know your fate, for fate is not a rigid course from which there can be no deviation - it is instead a wondrous journey of possibilities; each possibility bringing its own challenges and knowledge.”
― Théun Mares, Cry of the Eagle: The Toltec Teachings Volume 2

“Nobody knows everything, yet most people hate being exposed to the idea that they don't have all the answers.”
― D.B. Eshleman

“Mental slavery is a cheap & easy to find addiction. Knowledge stimulates mental faculties immune system.”
― Freedom Goodbird

“But though our heads are crammed with knowledge, our hearts are empty.”
― Billy Graham, Peace with God

“Everything the candle knows it learned in the dark.”
― Marty Rubin

“I don't know everything. No one does, and only the foolish seek to.”
― Alison Croggon, The Naming

“To know – that's true happiness.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“In science we may start with experimental results, data, observations, measurements, ‘facts’. We invent, if we can, a rich array of possible explanations and systematically confront each explanation with the facts.”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“We were born in a flourishing realm, but we did not believe that its boundaries were those of our knowledge.”
― Montesquieu, Persian Letters

“[...] I try not to think with my gut. If I'm serious about understanding the world, thinking with anything besides my brain, as tempting as that might be, is likely to get me into trouble. Really, it's okay to reserve judgement until the evidence is in.”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“It's impossible to conquer knowledge.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Inventiveness can set you off any trauma, suffering or a deep agony, so keep tailing her hand.”
― Yash Thakur

“Asking and not assuming is the beginning of "WISDOM." You can learn anything just by asking any question. Wisdom begins with constant "QUESTIONING" not assuming what we don't know. We only come to know what we know, when we ask.”
― Henry Johnson Jr

“____________FREEDOM____________

Each person has the right to freedom.
A freedom of speech.
A freedom of will.
A freedom to love.
A freedom free of persecution.
A freedom to be an individual if they so desire.
A freedom from discrimination.
A freedom of religion and faith.
A freedom from discrimination.
A freedom to share life with others and not judge.
A freedom to be who they are.

God, Buddha and Allah gave us a choice.

We chose freedom so that we could follow in their wisdom, knowledge and footsteps.
Yet, we practice discrimination, persecution and bias on a daily basis.
We live by man's word alone and not theirs!
It's time we changed that and become who we were meant to be!

I'm not out to change the world.
I'm only out to change one person and then the rest will then follow of their own accord.”
― Anthony T. Hincks.

“Like a tree, let your roots ground you while your branches grow in many different directions with every new experience.”
― Joy Madden, The Joy of Blinds and Shutters

“When wisdom is passed down through the ages it sometimes misses a generation or two.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Due to the experience of being in new places, our horizons and knowledge of foreign languages expand, which also influences the development and mental health of the person”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Danger Of Monoculturalism In The XXI Century

“An expert is an ordinary person who consistently sought knowledge in a specific field and applied it.”
― Gift Gugu Mona

“A gun is just a tool. No better and no worse than any other tool, a shovel - or an axe or a saddle or a stove or anything. Think of it always that way. A gun is as good - and as bad - as the man who carries it.”
― Jack Schaefer, Shane

“Keeping the consistency in seeking knowledge and developing the skills towards achieving your goals are the most important steps in making your dreams come into reality.”
― Jesus Apolinaris

“Maarifa ni mbegu ya mabadiliko.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Maarifa hupunguza woga.”
― Enock Maregesi

“It would not bother me if another scientist wanted to reduce my thirst for knowledge to the biological function of a puppy who goes around sniffing at everything. Indeed, it would make me happy to be biologically compared to a lively and lovable puppy.”
― wilhelm reich, Character Analysis

“An uninformed judgement, even when right, is often less useful than a reasoned view, even when wrong, that can then be dissected, examined, and corrected.”
― Tom Nichols

“Once you know true love you will never again be deceived by its counterfeit.”
― Kate McGahan

“You don’t need to teach your heart anything.
It already knows everything.”
― Kate McGahan

“The heart holds all the knowledge of the universe. Most people barely scratch the surface of what the heart contains. They don’t get out of their overanxious minds. They don’t realize that the entire universe resides in the heart and that is where Everything is waiting.”
― Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge: An Afterlife Story of Loss, Love and Renewal

“It would be an act of wisdom to depart immediately… but wisdom is itself the product of knowledge; and knowledge, unfortunately, is generally the product of foolish doings. So, to add to my own knowledge and to enhance my wisdom I shall remain another day, to see what occurs.”
― Roger Zelazny, Creatures of Light and Darkness

“How many times, he wonders, must a person relearn everything he knows, rediscovering it over and over, and how many coverings must be torn away before he's finally able to truly grasp things, to understand them to the bone? Is a human lifetime long enough? His lifetime, or anyone else's?”
― Jenny Erpenbeck, Gehen, ging, gegangen

“The two of them had fallen into the habit of bartering knowledge whenever she visited. He schooled her in jazz, in bebop and exotic bossa nova, playing his favorites for her while he painted- Slim Gaillard, Rita Reys, King Pleasure, and Jimmy Giuffre- stabbing the air with his brush when there was a particular passage he wanted her to note. In turn, she showed him the latest additions to her birding diary- her sketches of the short-eared owl and American wigeon, the cedar waxwing and late warblers. She explained how the innocent-looking loggerhead shrike killed its prey by biting it in the back of the neck, severing the spinal cord before impaling the victim on thorns or barbed wire and tearing it apart.
"Good grief," he'd said, shuddering. "I'm in the clutches of an avian Vincent Price.”
― Tracy Guzeman, The Gravity of Birds

“KNOWLEDGE CAN BE ACQUIRED ONLY THROUGH ACTION IN DAILY LIFE.”
― Théun Mares, Cry of the Eagle: The Toltec Teachings Volume 2

“THE STATUS OF WARRIOR IS NOT THE END RESULT OF HAVING UNDERGONE A PARTICULAR TRAINING PROGRAMME, BUT IS RATHER A SILENT ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF SELF WHICH COMES FROM KNOWING THAT ONE HAS BECOME IMPECCABLE IN TRAVELLING THE WARRIOR’S PATH. TO BE A WARRIOR IS NOT A GOAL IN ITSELF, BUT IS INSTEAD AN ETERNAL QUEST FOR KNOWLEDGE AND FREEDOM STRETCHING INTO INFINITY.”
― Théun Mares

“Every field of knowledge is different, but they are all connected. And they often rhyme. This means that something in the way you describe your process may give me a crucial insight or catalyze a new thought in me. This is how ideas form when we spark off each other.”
― Chris Anderson, TED Talks

“The man who waits to know everything is the man who never does anything.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The world says you can start solving a problem if you have knowledge but I say you reach too the end of solving the problem if you have experience.”
― priyanka gera

“Judged by all practical standards, the value of my mathematical life is nil; and
outside mathematics it is trivial anyhow. I have just one chance of escaping a verdict of
complete triviality, that I may be judged to have created something worth creating. And
that I have created something is undeniable: the question is about its value.

The case for my life, then, or for that of any one else who has been a mathematician in the same sense in which I have been one, is this: that I have added something to knowledge, and helped others to add more; and that these somethings have a value which differs in degree only, and not in kind, from that of the creations of the great mathematicians, or of any of the other artists, great or small, who have left some kind of memorial behind them.”
― G.H. Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology

“Well-designed and relatively simplified information/knowledge solutions bound to unlock the enterprise knowledge, to turn a downward spiral into an upward spiral.”
― Pearl Zhu, 12 CIO Personas: The Digital CIO's Situational Leadership Practices

“Never interpret wrong! If you couldn't understand the actual meaning of my philosophy.”
― Rashid Jorvee

“The power that knowledge possesses is hidden in its application”
― Topsy Gift

“Knowledge does not stand still; it flows into the company, and it flows out of it; it erodes, and it gets created again.”
― Pearl Zhu, 12 CIO Personas: The Digital CIO's Situational Leadership Practices

“May all eventually settle in the valley of wisdom.”
― Richard Rensberry

“Occupational Safety & Health Administration (OSHA) is largely an interrogation agency for whistle-blowers that extracts their full range of knowledge without upholding their legal rights.”
― Steven Magee

“[...] science carries us towards an understanding of how the world is, rather than how we would wish it to be [...]”
― Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark

“When will we collectively see together that the history of the world played no role in preventing negative events similar to those of the past from ever happening again in this lifetime? Everything just keeps senselessly repeating itself. That is because, as humans, we forget too quickly. Our forgetfulness is our species' greatest fault. Our negligence to tap into accessible existing knowledge to prevent new disasters from recurring is unforgiving. We are too arrogant, too proud and too lazy to adapt old ideas that may have worked, let alone invent some new ones. Yet most importantly, the greatest obstacle to our evolution is that WE ARE TOO DIVIDED.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Student in quest of knowledge finds teacher in all” and "Being a student of all time finds knowledge every-time”
― Venugopala C.V.

“SELF-CONFIDENCE IMPLIES THAT YOU ARE CONVINCED YOU CAN ACT UPON YOUR OWN KNOWLEDGE.”
― Théun Mares, Cry of the Eagle: The Toltec Teachings Volume 2

“Intuition must be taken seriously in the absence of substantial theoretical understanding, but once such theoretical understanding begins to take shape, prior intuitive judgments carry little weight unless they have been endorsed by the progress of theory. The greater one's theoretical understanding, the less weight one may assign to untutored judgment.

All this applies equally well to the case of appeals to intuition in philosophy. We sometimes hear philosophers speak of some intuitions as 'merely' driven by theory, and thus to be ignored. While it is certainly true that judgments driven by bad theories are not to be taken seriously, the solution is not to try to return to some pure state of theory independent judgment, before the fall, as it were; rather the solution is to get a better theory. Intuition in the absence of theory does not count for nothing, especially if no credible theory is available. But this is not to award high marks to intuitive judgment before the arrival of successful theory, let alone after, when the initially low value of such judgment drops still lower.”
― Hilary Kornblith, Knowledge and Its Place in Nature

“The difference between ignorance and knowledge is conversion”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“If you know how
You do not need to know where...”
― Петър Кръстев Petur Krustev

“What makes people different is because of what they know”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Begin to convert your time into knowledge and wisdom”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“There is no knowledge like kindness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The ninety degree shift does not cancel the effects of old age upon the physical body, but it does enable warriors to retain control of all their faculties, their knowledge, sobriety, and power, right up to and even beyond the moment of physical death. This is every warrior's reward for having been willing to fight impeccably right up until the final breath.”
― Théun Mares, Cry of the Eagle: The Toltec Teachings Volume 2

“More appealing than knowledge itself is the feeling of knowing.”
― Daniel J. Boorstin, The Discoverers: A History of Man's Search to Know His World and Himself

“Teaching holds a mirror to the soul. If I am willing to look in that mirror and not run from what I see I have a chance to gain self knowledge and knowing myself is as crucial to good teaching as knowing my students and my subject. In fact, knowing my students and my subject depends heavily on self knowledge.”
― Parker J. Palmer, The Courage to Teach: Exploring the Inner Landscape of a Teacher's Life

“Just because you don't know where you're going doesn't mean you're lost.”
― Connor Chalfant

“True knowledge is earned, not given.”
― A.G. Riddle, Genome

“Only God has the Absolute Truth. He has broken it into pieces and distributed it among those yearning for it, so we may always need one another.”
― Naide P Obiang

“Because the universe was full of ignorance all around and the scientist panned through it like a prospector crouched over a mountain stream, looking for the gold of knowledge among the gravel of unreason, the sand of uncertainty and the little whiskery eight-legged swimming things of superstition.”
― Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad

“You are arrogant", says the stupid that doesn't have arguments to fight back ideas, facts or knowledge he can't accept.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“I agree that I know nothing. And you know nothing. So, I say, let's figure out together - two equally conditioned pedestrians of freedom with equal potential for truth.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“I often find that people either underestimate what they know, or overestimate it. Very rarely do they gauge their own knowledge appropriately.”
― Tarun Betala

“Oh what a feeling when you happen upon a book that seems to pour truth directly into your head.”
― Garry Fitchett

“Action is bondage in itself. Action is not needed to attain moksha (liberation). Gnan kriya (activity of the Self to See and Know) is required for moksha. Agnan kriya (Activity of the non-Self) is bondage. Activities done with egoism is called Agnan kriya, and activities done without egoism is called Gnan kriya.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“Verified Gnan (knowledge) is not just called gnan. Verified gnan is called ‘established principle’.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“Gnan’ (knowledge) may be there but ‘correctness’ is required along with it. If you have Gnan but lack ‘correctness’; you will attain moksha (liberation), but others will not gain any benefit!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“What is pudgal (non-Self complex made up of mind-speech-body)? It is influx and outflow; it is credit and debit. And if you ‘know’ the Soul (get Self-realized), you will attain liberation.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“The Self has been impacted by the non-Self complex. Vibrations have been formed from vibrations. ‘We’ give the Knowledge on how to stop the vibrations.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“Sansar (worldly life) has been alive by imitating the movements of the world, and is liberated by opposing it.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“Gnanyog (Union with true Knowledge) is the ‘Established Principle’, while Triyog (union with mind, speech and body) is ‘non-principle’.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“Without the attainment of Soul (Self-realization), there is no place that is worth having a fanatic attachment to a viewpoint. It is not worth holding on, or being stuck at a single place.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“Agnan (ignorance of the Self) creates vibration, and the Gnan (Knowledge of the Self) stops the vibration.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“What is Gnan (true knowledge)? There should be solutions from all sides and no contradictions should arise. A non-contradictory principle is the one whose sentence will exactly match even if it is spoken after fifty years. No contradiction would arise.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“You once told me
You wanted to find
Yourself in the world -
And I told you to
First apply within,
To discover the world
within you.

You once told me
You wanted to save
The world from all its wars -
And I told you to
First save yourself
From the world,
And all the wars
You put yourself
Through.


APPLY WITHIN by Suzy Kassem”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek. Yet being small and meek do not make one weak. Arming oneself with true knowledge generates strong confidence and a bold spirit that makes you a lion of God. The Creator does not want you to suffer, yet we are being conditioned by society to accept suffering, weak and passive dispositions under the belief that such conditions are favorable by God. Weakness is not a virtue praised by God. How could he desire for you to be weak if he tells us to stand by our conscience? Doing so requires strength. However, there is a difference between arrogance when inflating your ego, and confidence when one truly gets closer to God. One feels large, while the other feels small. Why? Because a man of wisdom understands that he is just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms, and that in the end — we are all connected. And did you not know that the smaller a creature is, the bolder its spirit?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“fI you ees mistakes ni my writing, do not copy ro criticize. Simply correct ti and share eht knowledge. We already have oot many sekatsim ni siht world, most of them in noigiler.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“Your love can be stolen away from you but knowledge is eternal.”
― ABC

“You do not need to commit yourself 24/7 to building your dream.

You do need to commit to making every hour you work on your dream to be as effective and productive as possible…

…So you can have the life you always wanted before, during and after your dream comes to fruition.”
― Loren Weisman

“Do not assume to know. You will be surprised to realize you were ignorant all along.”
― Naide P Obiang

“Be the person you would do anything for. Be the person you will not let down. It’s time to respect yourself and your dream; both truly deserve that respect.”
― Loren Weisman

“I know the tree, I know the cloud. The only stranger is the voice inside my head.”
― Marty Rubin

“The Truth is harsh, but it will take you out of trash.”
― Constance Friday Elias

“Those who see the truth as trouble will end up having to see trouble as the truth.”
― Constance Friday Elias

“The long term effect of lies are worse than the short term embarrassment that come from facing the truth.”
― Constance Friday Elias

“For those who would die, there is life. For those who would dream, there is reality. For those who would hope, there is knowledge. For those who would grow, there is eternity.”
― Robert A. Monroe, Far Journeys

“It takes a huge investment in introspection to learn that the thirty or more hours spent “studying” the news last month neither had any predictive ability during your activities of that month nor did it impact your current knowledge of the world.”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, Fooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets

“When the warrior fails in any one particular pursuit of knowledge he is not defeated, because in walking the path of knowledge we fight many battles – some we win, some we lose. Success lies not in how many battles we have won, but in how well we have fought.”
― Théun Mares, Return of the Warriors: The Toltec Teachings - Volume I

“To be more accurate, Eszter continued, it was only a shadow in the mirror, a mirror where the image and the mirror wholly coincided though the shadow nevertheless tried to separate them, to separate two things that had from eternity been the same and could not be separated or cut into two, thereby losing the weightless delight of being swept along with it, substituting, he thought as he stepped away from the drawing-room window, a solid eternity purchased with knowledge for the sweet song of participating in eternity, a song so airy it was lighter than a feather.”
― László Krasznahorkai, The Melancholy of Resistance

“There is a simple rule regarding wisdom: those who have a superficial knowledge cannot be wise. On the contrary, wise people have broad knowledge. However, besides the acquired knowledge, wisdom arises from observation and contemplation over a longer period of time. Wisdom is, therefore, often the privilege of older people who have a broad knowledge and respectable experience. Feel free to ask such people for advice.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Alas! how terrible it is to know,
Where no good comes of knowing!”
― Sophocles, Oedipus Rex

“Truth is born into this world only with pangs and tribulations, and every fresh truth is received unwillingly.”
― Alfred Russel Wallace

“Would you mind if that post, pic, comment or content was seen tomorrow, next week, next month and next year? If the answer is yes, then don’t post it today.”
― Loren Weisman

“The right idea at the right time is like a dandelion...You may hack it down, but you only spread the seeds abroad.”
― Mike Carey, The Unwritten, Vol. 6: Tommy Taylor and the War of Words

“I still had a lot of practical medicine to learn, but would knowledge alone be enough, with life and death hanging in the balance? Surely intelligence wasn't enough; moral clarity was needed as well. Somehow, I had to believe, I would gain not only knowledge but wisdom, too.”
― Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air

“To teachers, education is just a duty, but to students, it's their right.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“The best answers often come only after we have discovered the correct questions.”
― T Jay Taylor

“They told us to depend on memory, because nothing written down could be relied on. The Spirit travels from mouth to mouth, not from thing to thing: books could be burnt, paper crumbles away, computers could be destroyed. Only the spirit lives forever, and the Spirit isn't a thing.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood

“Backing up your argument with unnamed sources, rumored facts and hearsay only backs your view and your professional reputation into a corner.

Argue the facts with validity, authority and substantial proof or walk away. It is ok to say you don’t know and it can serve your reputation better than sharing what you can’t prove.”
― Loren Weisman

“You can age for a thousand years, and still, no wisdom will ever manifest, because for true wisdom to manifest, the mind must be free, in the actual sense of the term, and the head must be held high with utmost nobility.”
― Abhijit Naskar, A Push in Perception

“Sharing pictures of yourself in front of houses you don’t own, standing by cars you don’t drive, and holding money that isn’t yours as you lie that it is, only sets you up for questions you can’t answer and a completely false foundation.”
― Loren T Weisman

“You can't know a father. They're all magicians. Got two million years of strings and mirrors in their pockets.”
― Kate Braverman, A Good Day for Seppuku: Stories

“Experience does not give you wisdom. Wisdom comes through liberation of the mind. And since most humans live a conditioned life, they never get liberated in the first place, hence they never even have the taste of wisdom.”
― Abhijit Naskar, A Push in Perception

“That which gives results is Gnan (practical and experiential knowledge). That which does not give results is theoretical knowledge (shooshka-gnan).”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“That which comes into understanding is darshan (vision) and that which comes into experience is Gnan (knowledge).”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“The saddest instance of the lack of real freedom, arising from the lack of real knowledge, is revealed to us in Leo Tolstoy's latest work, a work which at the same time, by virtue of its creative, poetic force, ranks almost first among all that has appeared in Russian literature since 1840. No! without culture, without freedom in the widest sense, freedom within oneself, freedom from preconceived ideas, freedom with regard to one's own nation and history, without this, the real artist is unthinkable; without this free air he cannot breathe.”
― Ivan Turgenev, Literary Reminiscences and Autobiographical Fragments

“Effective branding comes down to creating a sense of comfort, recognition, and trust in your engagement, your message, and your products. It is more about the content and message than the logo and the colors.”
― Loren T Weisman

“Sometimes I sit here and there, seeking that moment of quietness, that moment of emotionless rejoicing in the fullness of nothingness. Sometimes I take for granted the intuitive knowledge of a past that I don't conciously know too much about, and calmly internally rejoice in the finding of old souls who I cross paths with again and again, with a kind warm smile and joyful tired deep eyes that show me way much more than I could express in words, that give me that sense that I'm not travelling by myself, and that ignite that fire in my heart to feel the knowing of the unknowing. I know deep in your heart you know this too, and if I would have the time to reach into space to you, the light within me would whisper 'I love you too'.”
― Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache

“Everything you know is past. And with that disgusting arrogance of knowing the past, one cannot know something novel.”
― Abhijit Naskar, A Push in Perception

“Publishing a book does not make you an authority or an expert. Authorship doesn’t not equal authority.”
― Loren Weisman

“It's not in the will to prove an idea to be true but in the utmost desire to disprove it, that the absolute truth emerges.”
― Anmol Nigam

“If capital is what produces a stream of income - and that is a definition no one seems to quarrel with - then it follows that software is a form of capital. It has always been difficult to measure any form of knowledge capital, but in the past the problem was not as urgent, since the ratio of difficult-to-quantify knowledge capital to more tangible capital was not as high or growing as rapidly as it is today.”
― Walter B. Wriston

“What people say is not wrong; it is worldly (laukik). Where there are people, there will always be worldly things, however talks that are beyond the world (alaukik), is completely different from these worldly talks. Everything that you have learnt so far, from the perspective of alaukik [that which is beyond the world] knowledge, is incorrect. Therefore from today onwards, put a cross over it and discard the old knowledge.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Non-Violence: Ahimsa

“The warrior comes to knowledge fully prepared to die, and thus circumvents all possible pitfalls. Being prepared for the worst, the warrior cannot be surprised, because he is not expecting to live. Facing death, the warrior cuts out all unnecessary acts; therefore his fate unfolds smoothly.”
― Théun Mares, Return of the Warriors: The Toltec Teachings - Volume I

“Knowledge is a unique treasure which no one can acquire easily.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“The more one knows, the sooner one grows old,” Midnight returned cheerfully.”
― Katherine Arden, The Girl in the Tower

“It is possible to drown in information... and die for lack of wisdom.”
― Marjorie M. Liu, Monstress, Vol. 2: The Blood

“If you spare some space for a new book, also spare some time to read it.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“This Gnan (Knowledge) of ‘ours’ is this world’s summary of what deeds begets happiness and what deeds brings unhappiness.”
― Dada Bhagwan, The Science Of Karma

“The more you read, the less you sound foolish when you speak.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“To sustain the value of education, students should be respected as much as the teachers.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“There are four pillars of liberation (moksha): Knowledge (Gnan), Vision (Darshan), Conduct as the Self (Charitra) and penance (tapa). In this, the Lord has not referred to external penance as penance for liberation. 'He' has referred to inner penance only as the penance for liberation.  ”
― Dada Bhagwan, Worries

“The worldly knowledge that you have received, do not dispense justice on the basis of that worldly knowledge. I have spoken of 'vyavasthit' (result of scientific circumstantial evidences), dispense justice on the basis of that Knowledge. The basis of worldly knowledge will torment you. If worldly knowledge dispels then worldly life goes. It is with the Knowledge of vyavasthit, that worldly knowledge dispels.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Aptavani-2

“I hate to give the impression that I know what I'm talking about.”
― Marty Rubin

“Whatever knowledge a person acquires, that is how one ends up functioning. If right knowledge is acquired, then that is how one functions.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“The Knowledge (Gnan) is itself the absolute Self (Parmatma). Gnan (Knowledge) never becomes agnan (ignorance), but the applied awareness changes and that is what is referred to as agnan (ignorance)!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Brahmacharya: Celibacy Attained with Understanding

“When can one really say that pudgal (non-Self complex of input and output) is the doer? It is after one attains Self-realization. Otherwise, he would go in the wrong direction. After attaining Self-realization, as one prevails in the Gnani's Agna (five directives that preserve the awareness as the Self in Akram Vignan), only after that is the pudgal considered as the doer of everything, and only then can it be considered that You [as the Self] are not liable. If one were to say this [the pudgal is the doer] without that [Self-realization and prevailing in the Gnani's Agna] then everyone would go on the wrong path.  ”
― Dada Bhagwan, Adjust Everywhere

“Illusory knowledge is knowledge based on the belief that, 'I am Chandubhai' and real Knowledge is Knowledge based on the right belief of, 'I am pure Soul'. Therefore, it is worth understanding real Knowledge only.  ”
― Dada Bhagwan, Who Am I?

“Without the Knowledge of One's real form as the Self and Its realization, anything that is being done will cause that living being to wander about aimlessly in worldly life.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Brahmacharya: Celibacy With Understanding

“How can one who does not Know the eternal element (tattva), speak about it? The world only knows that which is not eternal (attatva).”
― Dada Bhagwan, Who Am I?

“We' (Gnani Purush) have Seen the facts as they are, in our Knowledge, and that is what I speak about. There is no superior father figure who binds one. Agnan (ignorance) binds and Gnan (Knowledge of the Self), will liberate. The ignorance that binds is everywhere, whereas the Knowledge that liberates can only be obtained if one comes across a Gnani Purush!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Avoid Clashes!

“Mix in consideration with your determination in the conversations or emails you start or send during solicitation.”
― Loren Weisman

“When children see their parents killing insects, then they also kill [insects]. Whatever knowledge they see, they do accordingly. So they take a beating for it.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Anger

“It is knowledge (gnan) indeed that runs everything. All the actions (kriyao) are actually carried out by the knowledge (gnan). The result of following according to what the Gnani's have said is cessation of worldly intents (virati)! And the result of worldly knowledge is continuation of worldly intents (avirati)!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Right Understanding To Help Others

“The ‘Knowledge’ that doesn’t allow doubts to arise is the ‘doubt-free knowledge’ (nirvikalp) and it is same as the doubt-free Soul; and it is same as the absolute Self (parmatma)!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Spirituality in Speech

“To turned away from the destruction in the wrong path of wickedness, one must possess the knowledge of the light in right path.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“What we are, not what we know, is what brings us prosperity.”
― Talidari, Magic Tree

“Give up on the sins of darkness in ignorance. Seek the knowledge of light of goodness”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Akram (non-sequential) path’ and ‘kramic (step by step) path’ are two different paths. They are the same with reference to Knowledge (Gnan), but the Kramic path is the path of doing and the Akram path is the path of releasing the reins (of doing).”
― Dada Bhagwan, Aptavani-1

“Despite knowing and seeing through the senses, if one remains free from attachment-abhorrence, it is called knowledge beyond the senses (atindriya-gnan). But if one has attachment-abhorrence, then one is seeing and knowing through the knowledge of the senses (indriya-gnan).”
― Dada Bhagwan, The Guru and the Disciple

“With the 'Knowledge' [Gnan] ‘we’ give, peace will prevail. But it won’t do without understanding this Vignan, the spiritual science. Will a scientific experiment work if just one ingredient is missing? No it will not. In the same way, this science of ours will have to be understood completely.”
― Dada Bhagwan, The Essence Of All Religion

“Suppose you want to go to Juhu (suburb in Mumbai) from here, and you come across two paths, which of the two paths is correct? The directions you get from someone, you would get there on the basis of that knowledge. This action (kriya) is indeed being driven by knowledge.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Generation Gap

“The foundation of this world is indeed knowledge (gnan). It is on the basis of knowledge that living beings function! Is it Knowledge (Gnan) or ignorance (aGnan)? Ignorance too is knowledge indeed. It is the Gnani (the enlightened one) who has differentiated between the two. Otherwise, whatever knowledge a living being has, it simply functions according to that knowledge. Therefore, it is indeed knowledge that runs this world.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Life Without Conflict

“The ‘Knowledge’ that does not let you mix [be one] with the non-Self [Anatma], that ‘Knowledge’ is itself the Soul [Atma, the Pure Self].”
― Dada Bhagwan, Life Without Conflict

“Additional (excessive) knowledge’ [vishesh gnan] will lead to interference, and ‘basic knowledge’ [samanya gnan] will lead to a state of non-attachment (vitaraagta).”
― Dada Bhagwan, Anger

“Knowledge without wisdom can be dangerous.”
― Debasish Mridha

“By acquiring Gnan (true worldly knowledge) one can tell 'what is right' and 'what is wrong', it makes one have discretion between good and bad; whereas by Knowing Vignan (spiritual science), one attains liberation. By acquiring Gnan (true worldly knowledge) one gets awareness of what is beneficial and what is harmful.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Right Understanding To Help Others

“The knowledge that breaks karmic bondage is known as Gnan, and that which prevents any new bondage from occuring is called Vignan!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Death : Before, During & After...

“The science (vignan) of religion and the knowledge (gnan) of religion are different things. There is liberation through science!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Adjust Everywhere

“The world is not an impediment, it is your ignorance (of the Self) that impedes you. When does ignorance (of the Self) leave? It leaves through the Knowledge of the Self (Gnan) that the Gnani Purush gives. What should the Knowledge of the Gnani Purush be like? It should be science (Vignan). Vignan is animate (chetan), whereas knowledge is inanimate (achetan). The knowledge that is prevailing in the world is achetan. Achetan means that it cannot work on its own from within (kriyakari) whereas this (Knowledge of the Self) is science. Science constantly keeps working on its own, You do not have to do anything.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Brahmacharya: Celibacy With Understanding

“When certain circumstances of the body tend to happen, the time for insolvency begins. Everything indeed is going to go into insolvency. Therefore You should get your work done. As long as this 'shop' (the body) exists, complete all your transactions.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Generation Gap

“Dispassion for worldly life (vairaag) will persist only if there is discretion (vivek) between that which is appropriate and that which is inappropriate, otherwise dispassion for worldly life can never last. The discretion between that which is appropriate and that which is inappropriate comes through the Knowledge of the Self (Gnan).”
― Dada Bhagwan, Generation Gap

“For dispassion of worldly life (vairaag) one requires experiential Knowledge; it will not do if one goes about it baselessly!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Life Without Conflict

“If a person who has dispassion for worldly life (vairaag) attains an instrument such that it helps him aquire the Knowledge of the Self (Gnan), then it is worthwhile; otherwise dispassion for worldly life (vairaag) brings about lifelessness.”
― Dada Bhagwan, The Science of Money

“Where Knowledge of the Self (Gnan) prevails and where dispassion for worldly life (vairaag) reaches its pinnacle, that is when the state of absolute detachment (vitaraagata) arises. To not harbor any attachment-abhorrence (raag-dwesh) where the world experiences attachment-abhorrence is considered the state of absolute detachment.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Avoid Clashes!

“What is this satsang (in Akram) like? Here, there are no such botherations of, 'do this', 'do good', 'do that', 'ask for forgiveness', 'do introspection', 'do chanting', 'do penance'. Here, One does not have to 'do' anything. Here, One just needs to Know and to understand. The right belief of 'I am pure Soul' (Samkit) can be attained only through understanding and Knowledge of the Self (Gnan) arises through Knowing. And the One who has Known and understood, He can have the right Conduct as the Self (samyak Charitra).”
― Dada Bhagwan, The Science Of Karma

“Човешкото същество е петимно за знание, жаждата за нови неща е дълбоко заключена в природата ни.”
― Radostina A. Angelova, Афиши в огледалото

“If you go to 'do' anything, then bondage will happen there. Wherever you 'do', there is bondage and with understanding, there is freedom.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Spirituality in Speech

“Why can jiva (living being) not attain the self? It is because agnan is dear to it.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Aptavani 6

“Agnan (ignorance) is gnan (knowledge) also. Agnan is nothing else- it is not darkness. But it is a light to illuminate the non-Self. It is the light to show the non-Self. And Gnan illuminates the Self and the non-Self.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Aptavani-5

“Agnan will not let one know 'Who he is,' and Gnan lets one know his own Self.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Aptavani-4

“In the state of Gnan (Knowledge of the Self), the Atma (Self) is the non-doer (akarta), in the state of ignorance of the Self, Atma (Self) is the doer (karta).”
― Dada Bhagwan, Brahmacharya: Celibacy Attained with Understanding

“I brought the knowledge of vyavasthit (scientific circumstantial evidences) right from birth! It is my discovery of infinite past lives!!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Autobiograpy of Gnani Purush A.M.Patel

“One is not the doer at all. Vyavasthit (scientific circumstantial evidences) is the doer. I have revealed this knowledge and that is why we refer to it as the 'lift' (elevator) path!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Who Am I?

“It is known as Gnan (Knowledge of the Self) when equanimity (samata) prevails in adverse conditions.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Simple & Effective Science for Self Realization

“With the support of the knowledge of Vyavasthit (result of Scientific Circumstantial Evidence) and the awakened awareness (jagruti) of One's own Real form (Swaroop), One can observe saiyam (a state free of anger-pride-deceit-greed, attachment and abhorrence) completely.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Fault is of the Sufferer

“The Knowledge in which no doubt (shanka) is placed is known as doubtfree Knowledge (nihshank Gnan). Nishank Gnan is Knowledge of the absolute pure Soul.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Noble Use of Money

“To know gneya-gnan (the knowledge regarding the object to be known) is referred to as scriptural knowledge and to Know Gnata-Gnan (the Knowledge regarding the Knower) is referred to as experiential Knowledge (anubhav Gnan).”
― Dada Bhagwan, Life Without Conflict

“When you understand that the one whom you have presumed to be the Knower (Gnata) is actually an object to be known (gneya), only then will You become the Knower!”
― Dada Bhagwan, The Flawless Vision

“It is not worth searching for the root of anything. If you try to search for the root, you will take a beating. Just Know and See whatever is happening!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Worries

“I am doing' is referred to as parparinati. To believe any results of the non-Self (parparinam) to be one's own, is parparinati. After attaining this Akram Gnan [Knowledge of Self-realization] parparinati does not arise at all.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Anger

“The Knowledge that manifests in conduct; that is true Knowledge. The rest are considered as knowledge without substance (shushka gnan). This Akram Vignan is such that it will manifest in conduct!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Spirituality in Speech

“The Knowledge that does not manifest into conduct; that is not Knowledge at all, it is ignorance (aGnan). Gnan [true Knowledge] is always bound to manifest into conduct.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Harmony in Marriage

“Worldly life is a path of evolutionary development for all embodied living beings. It is a very long path. So in the past life, you kept moving and in this life, you keep moving. On this path, whatever knowledge you see, your faith gets established on that knowledge. That faith then manifests as an effect (roopak). In the next life, a different kind of knowledge is acquired, but the effect that manifests is from the knowledge of the past life! This gives rise to the delimma that, 'Why doesn't the effect that manifests come in accordance to the mind?' Whatever amount of knowledge is accumulated, that much delimma arises.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Non-Violence: Ahimsa

“At the moment, when one feels, 'I can't do it', then today's knowledge shows that, 'I should do this', whereas the past [life] knowledge says, 'There is no need to do this.' What happens when one feels, 'I can't do it, I can't do it?' The intents of the one who says this, change. Once the faith is established in today's knowledge, that, 'I should do this, I should do this', then in the next life that will manifest as an effect!”
― Dada Bhagwan, Noble Use of Money

“Because knowledge is only a cage if you dwell in isolation.”
― Penny Reid, Beard Science

“I am glad I didn't understand, because I have rarely felt joy like that, and assurance. It was like one of those dreams where you're filled with some extravagant feeling you might never have in life, it doesn't matter what it is, even guilt or dread, and you learn from it what an amazing instrument you are, so to speak, what a power you have to experience beyond anything you might ever actually need. Who would have thought that the moon could dazzle and flame like that?”
― Marilynne Robinson, Gilead

“Work hard, you can be Millionaire.
Work hard and smart, you can be Billionaire.
Trillionaire??
Get ready to beat capitalism in its own game.
Create war among countries. Be merciless and cruel .
But there is a problem ! Trillionaire doesn't know what happens after death ??”
― Chinmay Jangid

“Skills (learning) or lack of skills is all egoistic knowledge (ego based knowledge). Ego-free Knowledge is called (true) Knowledge [Gnan].”
― Dada Bhagwan, Aptavani-01

“How could you be alone, when you can find company in reading books?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“All things considered, our actions, thoughts and deeds are directed by two major things : knowledge and ignorance!”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“So engrained in the human heart is the desire to believe that some people really do know what they say they know, and can thus save them from the trouble of thinking for themselves, that in a short time would-be philosophers and faddists became more powerful than ever, and gradually led their countrymen to accept all those absurd views of life, some account of which I have given in my earlier chapters. Indeed I can see no hope for the Erewhonians till they have got to understand that reason uncorrected by instinct is as bad as instinct uncorrected by reason.”
― Samuel Butler, Erewhon

“Scriptures have been written for one to Know. Nothing needs to be done for that which is to be Known. ‘I cannot do it, I cannot do it’ – is the way people have made everything. ‘Ingesting poison kills’ – you only need to know this knowledge, you don’t have to do anything else. The knowledge that comes into action is true knowledge. What good is knowledge that does not manifest in one’s actions?”
― Dada Bhagwan, Was immer geschehen ist, ist Gerechtigkeit

“Scriptural knowledge is achetan (inanimate; lifeless), nevertheless it still it takes one towards chetan (animate, the eternal pure Soul). And Gnani’s [the enlightened one’s] Knowledge is Chetan [animate]. When one attains the Gnani’s [the enlightened one’s] Knowledge, that Knowledge itself will continue to do all the work.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Anger

“The Soul (our true Self) has to be experienced, the Soul known through scriptures will not do. Work will not be completed through scriptural knowledge, work will be completed through experiential knowledge.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Fault is of the Sufferer

“Scriptural knowledge is knowledge that has form (murta gnan). Formless knowledge (amurta gnan) is found in formless language. All that is perceived through the senses is knowledge that has form (murta gnan).”
― Dada Bhagwan, Fault Is of the Sufferer

“Veda is in the form of Gnan [spiritual knowledge] and God is in the form of Vignan [spiritual science].”
― Dada Bhagwan, Fault Is of the Sufferer

“People are trying to make still, that which by nature has always been unstill/restless. If the vision falls on the Seer (drashta) who indeed is forever still, then everything becomes still. Our gnan [knowledge] keeps roaming in the gneyo – those things that reflect in the Soul (like mirror). If this same gnan [knowledge]falls on the Gnata – the Knower, then our work will be done.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Karma ka Vignan

“Moksha is indeed one’s own nature. When (one’s) knowledge-vision-conduct become enlightened (samayak,becomes right), that is called moksha.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Death : Before, During & After...

“The whole world is indeed trapped by misery. What is the misery about? Due to ignorance of one’s own Real Self (agnanta). Due to ignorance of one’s own Real Self (agnanta), attachment-abhorrence (raag-dwesh) keeps on occuring, which leads to this misery. Only through Gnan [Knowledge of the Real Self] can one prevail in a misery-free state. There is no other solution at all.”
― Dada Bhagwan, The Science Of Karma

“Just because someone emailed you does not make it an invitation to add them to your email list. Show a greater respect to those connected with you to grow greater engaged numbers. And the excuse of 'they can just unsubscribe' is pretty petty & awfully unprofessional.”
― Loren Weisman

“We error in our ways for lack of knowledge of the Truth of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If you read good books, you will be well-informed.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To delight in literature is to desire to learn.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Stop spending money to be nominated for worthless awards with no substance and no worth to your career. If you have to spend money to be nominated for an award and then spend the time to push all your friends and fans to vote for you to win that award, it is not worth it and it is not going to help you in anyway whatsoever in the long run.”
― Loren Weisman

“The sin of ignorance is the neglect of the Knowledge of salvation.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There is a good knowledge that saves souls, the gospel of salvation.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“It is difficult to know agnan (all other knowledge other than the knowledge of the Self, Worldly Knowledge), and easy to know Gnan [knowledge of the real self, the soul]. There is no end to agnan.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Death : Before, During & After...

“That which does not allow one to enter into agnan (worldly knowledge) is called Gnan [Knowledge of the Real Self, the Soul]. When agnan [worldly knowledge] begins to arise, Gnan becomes present and tells him, ‘This is that!”
― Dada Bhagwan, The Flawless Vision

“One forgets agnan (worldly knowledge) when he remains in Gnan (Knowledge of the Real Self, the Soul). Man can be in only one place.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Harmony in Marriage

“Before you tell people to check you out with hopes that they will write a check to you for your services… Check yourself. Check your references. Check your claims. Allow all those checks to be cashed in truth. Bad results from those bad checks highlighting overdrawn, unsubstantiated and unproven hype will keep you in a negative balance with your reputation and financial situation.”
― Loren Weisman

“The Soul [the Real Self] and the Gnan [True Knowledge] are always present in crowds, not in solitude. There is peace in solitude, not the (true) knowledge.”
― Dada Bhagwan, Spirituality in Speech

“Energy of pudgal [that which charges and discharges, complex of intake and output] is used in knowing the knowledge of ignorance based knowledge [agnan, all other knowledge other than knowledge of the self], and prayer is required to be done to know the knowledge of Gnan [Knowledge of the Soul, our Real Self].”
― Dada Bhagwan, Noble Use of Money

“Agnan (‘ignorance of the self’ based knowledge) takes one down and in that, the energies of the pudgal (non-Self complex, that which charges and discharges) keeps on coming. Whereas the Knowledge [self realized knowledge] that takes one higher, because it has to go against the pudgal [non-self complex], one will have to ask for the energy, only then can he go higher.”
― Dada Bhagwan, The Science Of Karma

“I am beautiful because the kindness of my heart is beautiful.
I am strong because my strength is my self-confidence.
I am courageous because my knowledge has made me fearless.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The best knowledge is to be kind.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Spreading knowledge is the most effective weapon for defeating ignorance.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“I know what I know until I try to say it. Then I don't know it.”
― Marty Rubin

“We no longer know what we feel when we can say what we feel.”
― Marty Rubin

“The honor of your presentation, execution, experience, and growth will do much more for you and your career over false claims that have no substance yet.”
― Loren Weisman

“The western world is a dishonest society of non-disclosure agreements, cash for silence, and the illegal removal of civil rights from those in the know.”
― Steven Magee

“Gracious spirit kindled the fire to search for the sacred knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The universal mission of all educators is to let the torch of knowledge illuminate the world.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“It is not your fans or your customers’ job to market you. Stop treating them like it is.”
― Loren Weisman

“The hallmarks of a dishonest society are cash for silence, non-disclosure agreements and the illegal removal of rights of those in the know.”
― Steven Magee

“Sacred knowledge is the spirit of kindness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Knowledge is without a doubt one of the most valuable and most poorly managed assets in business today.”
― Pearl Zhu, Digital Fit: Manifest Future of Business with Multidimensional Fit

“Knowledge is the power, you have to apply it at the right time in the right circumstance with the right attitude.”
― Pearl Zhu, Digital Fit: Manifest Future of Business with Multidimensional Fit

“Wisdom is the insightful quality of having experience, knowledge, and good judgment.”
― Pearl Zhu, Digital Fit: Manifest Future of Business with Multidimensional Fit

“I can feel the cold breathe melting inside of my livingness,hanging in the air ,the taste of frozenness inside of my heart . oh I feel free,”
― Madhushree Das

“Eyes are the doorway to your soul ,when you clearly avert the intuitions of your mind .”
― Madhushree Das

“There is a social responsibility for those in the know to protect those that do not know.”
― Steven Magee

“Sometimes quietly taking the credit can advertise you and your ability in a much louder way than telling everyone that you were the one that did it.”
― Loren Weisman

“When you have plenty of knowledge that's the moment when you get vulgar, irnoc and hypocritical.”
― Deyth Banger

“Managing to follow through for a day is good. But, managing to follow through every day, for days, weeks and months creates authentic and consistent results.”
― Loren Weisman

“Religion is an infectious and contagious virus. It can infect everyone if they don’t have immunity provided by pure knowledge and pure wisdom.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Preparatory men. I welcome all signs that a more manly, a warlike, age is about to begin, an age which, above all, will give honor to valor once again. For this age shall prepare the way for one yet higher, and it shall gather the strength which this higher age will need one day - this age which is to carry heroism into the pursuit of knowledge and wage wars for the sake of thoughts and their consequences. To this end we now need many preparatory valorous men who cannot leap into being out of nothing - any more than out of the sand and slime of our present civilisation and metropolitanism: men who are bent on seeking for that aspect in all things which must be overcome; men characterised by cheerfulness, patience, unpretentiousness, and contempt for all great vanities, as well as by magnanimity in victory and forbearance regarding the small vanities of the vanquished; men possessed of keen and free judgement concerning all victors and the share of chance in every victory and every fame; men who have their own festivals, their own weekdays, their own periods of mourning, who are accustomed to command with assurance and are no less ready to obey when necessary, in both cases equally proud and serving their own cause; men who are in greater danger, more fruitful, and happier! For, believe me, the secret of the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment of existence is: to live dangerously! Build your cities under Vesuvius! Send your ships into uncharted seas! Live at war with your peers and yourselves! Be robbers and conquerors, as long as you cannot be rulers and owners, you lovers of knowledge! Soon the age will be past when you could be satisfied to live like shy deer, hidden in the woods! At long last the pursuit of knowledge will reach out for its due: it will want to rule and own, and you with it!”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, The Portable Nietzsche

“truth is subjective, even in a court of law. Knowing and believing are remarkably similar — if not, in fact, the same.”
― Juli Zeh, Corpus Delicti. Ein Prozess

“He thinks and speaks with a ruthlessness that makes no attempt to find dialectical excuses for the eternal uncertainty of humankind. Anyone who claims that truth is dependent on usefulness, anyone who openly admits that knowing and believing are essentially the same for limited beings such as humans, is clearly a nihilist in a class of his own.”
― Juli Zeh, Corpus Delicti. Ein Prozess

“Admire ability, experience, and knowledge over fame or wealth. Just because someone is a celebrity, it doesn’t make them an authority. Fame does not mean someone has experience, expertise or ability. And just because a celebrity or millionaire said it, doesn't make it true.”
― Loren Weisman

“with limits, you have to know which ones you are supposed to accept, and which ones you must surpass. Do not waste your time trying to find the knowledge of the universe, that is Gods place and you cannot surpass it. Do spend time getting better at what you are good at and trying out what you are bad at. Limits are either for protection, or for shattering. There is no 'in between'. If there was, I highly doubt the world would be like it is today.”
― Unicornfarts2000

“Математика и опыт - вот подлинные основания достоверного, естественного, разумного живого познания.”
― Spinoza

“I have never identified with the "K" in Kafka's works, by the way. Having grown up in a democracy, I have dared to imagine that I know at all times who is really in charge, what is really going on. This could be a mistake.”
― Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage

“One German-American friend of mine, an architectural historian my own age, can be counted on to excoriate Woodrow Wilson after he has had several strong drinks. He goes on to say that it was Wilson who persuaded this country that it was patriotic to be stupid, to be proud of knowing only one language, of believing that all other cultures were inferior and ridiculous, offensive to God and common sense alike, that artists and teachers and studious persons in general were ninnies when it came to dealing with problems in life that really mattered, and on and on.

This friend says that it was a particular misfortune for this country that the German-Americans had achieved such eminence in the arts and education when it was their turn to be scorned from on high. To hate all they did and stood for at that time, which included gymnastics, by the way, was to lobotomize not only the German-Americans but our culture.

"That left American football," says my German-American friend, and someone is elected to drive him home.”
― Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage

“Artificial Intelligence can be a supplement to human insight, not substitute.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Constitution of The United Peoples of Earth

“I have lived knowing nothing of the forest so there is nothing I can teach you. Go into the wild. Know the world....”
― Mamoru Hosoda, Wolf Children: Ame & Yuki

“I want to learn more and more. The more I know, the more I see a brand-new world.”
― Mamoru Hosoda

“Knowing what things are not is often as important as knowing what they are.”
― Raymond E. Feist, Silverthorn

“The only way to thrive in the future is to focus on what you love, develop knowledge and skills in the service of your passion, and be relentless in doing the work.”
― Dragos Bratasanu, The Pursuit of Dreams: Claim Your Power, Follow Your Heart, and Fulfill Your Destiny

“In this way, reason represented by your knowledge, and experience represented by instinct -will start to conflict. Eventually, one will lose, and confusion sets in.”
― Kinoko Nasu, 空の境界 上

“Good knowledge is the grace of kindness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To search for the truth is to seek the true words.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A scientist is not to teach humans, but to serve humans A philosopher is not to teach humans, but to serve humans. A preacher is not to preach humans, but to serve humans. Any individual who possesses higher intellect than the general population, is meant to be at the forefront of service to humanity.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Lord is My Sheep: Gospel of Human

“We are closest to true knowledge when we are closest to our bodies.”
― Marty Rubin

“The period before the deluge was the one of revelation in the Mesopotamian mythology, when the basis of all later knowledge was laid down. The antediluvian sages were culture-heroes, who brought the arts of civilization to the land. During the time that follows this period, nothing new is invented, the original revelation is only transmitted and unfolded. Oannes and other sages taught all fundations of civilization to antediluvian mankind.”
― Amar Annus

“Cainan (sometimes the name is spelled Kainam) was the son of Arpachsad: "And the son grew, and his father taught him writing, and he went to seek for himself a place where he might seize for himself a city. And he found a writing, which former generations had carved on the rock, and he read what was thereon, and he transcribed it and sinned owing to it, for it contained the teaching of the Watchers in accordance with which they used to observe the omens of the sun, moon and stars in all the signs of heaven." Here, then, is the origin of the star worship of the Sabians traced all the way back to the mysterious Watchers--whoever they were, whatever they are--who settled in the Near East in antediluvian times, taught our ancestors forbidden knowledge, broke some fundamental commandment by mating with human women and, as a result, were remembered as being responsbile for the great global cataclysm of the Deluge.”
― Graham Hancock, Magicians of the Gods: The Forgotten Wisdom of Earth's Lost Civilization

“The freman are civil, educated and ignorant. They are not mad. They are trained to believe not to know. Believe can be manipulated. Only knowledge is dangerous.”
― Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah & Children Of Dune

“Philosophy is not about acquiring knowledge but about finding the best way to live.”
― Marty Rubin

“The evidence of paranormal research shows that there is a part of our being that knows far more than the conscious mind. And the evidence of mystics through the ages suggests that there is a part of our being that knows even greater secrets than this.”
― Colin Wilson, Mysteries

“Talking is something which just puts out your persona and tests all your knowledge.”
― Deyth Banger

“Do not hide, duck or cover when you are asked to give an answer or information that someone is not going to like. Answer the questions, even if the answers are not what others want to hear.”
― Loren Weisman

“And one thing you would never want to do is keep your children away from any Tree of Knowledge. How could you punish someone for learning right from wrong, especially when they didn't know right from wrong when they did it? It is a sin to punish someone for learning, and that is something only an imaginary God would do. Instead, your people should grow an orchard of those trees, and eat of that fruit as a staple of their diet. Because whether as a God or simply as a parent, your greatest hope for your children would be that they will know right from wrong, and rather than worship you, and remain under you, you want them to surpass you. You want them to ascend above you, and achieve wisdom beyond the gods.”
― Aron Ra

“Wisdom is not an exclusive possession of the intellectual parts of the society.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Your lack of attention to detail is why no one is paying attention to you.
Professionalism, communication and follow through builds real success.”
― Loren Weisman

“We spend a life time seeking Knowledge. So where does it go to when we are gone? Leave it behind with others while you still can. Someone there like has a mind like a sponge ready to soak it all in.”
― Maria Koszler

“The Fall was a fall from innocence to knowledge.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale

“No field of human excellence can progress without a genuine humane conscience driving it in the right direction.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Lord is My Sheep: Gospel of Human

“Being articulate is not the same as being wise. Truth devoid of conscience, is worthless in human existence.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“The efforts to rise from darkness into light, from ignorance to knowledge, from prejudices to free thinking, make us real wise beings.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Lord is My Sheep: Gospel of Human

“Darkness is, in reality, nothing but the lack of light. So, darkness is natural, light is unnatural. Yet, it is light that defines the civilized traits of a species. Primitiveness is natural, being civilized is not, and yet, being civilized is what makes us superior to all other species, because we have developed the civilized faculties of conscience in our brain, overpowering the innate primitiveness, that served us well in the wild.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Lord is My Sheep: Gospel of Human

“Darkness reigns when knowledge is silent.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“The weak hype of analytics without the stronghold of conversions to sales and profits is not something to promote. Stop hyping the online numbers and start delivering better content and engagement to create the true physical sales numbers.”
― Loren Weisman

“Knowledge is kindness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“All the drive in the world is worthless if you are driving yourself off a cliff. Match the motivation, determination and drive with education, organization, and implementation to cross the finish line.”
― Loren Weisman

“Social Roles Do Not Define Character; Character Defines Social Roles”
― monk of YHVH

“Even if all knowledge could be found in books, where it is mixed in with so many useless things and confusingly heaped in such large volumes, it would take longer to read those books than we have to live in this life and more effort to select the useful things than to find them oneself”
― René Descartes

“No act of knowledge acquisition is entirely without risk.”
― Alastair Reynolds, House of Suns

“Now there are four chief obstacles in grasping truth, which hinder every man, however learned, and scarcely allow anyone to win a clear title to learning, namely, submission to faulty and unworthy authority, influence of custom, popular prejudice, and concealment of our own ignorance accompanied by an ostentatious display of our knowledge.”
― Roger Bacon, The Opus Majus of Roger Bacon

“The most powerful affirmation doesn’t come from the conscious mind but from your Soul, an affirmation in which you are not trying to convince yourself of something you don’t believe, but rather you are becoming aware of the truth and the reality of what you truly are.”
― Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.

“Every penny NOT spent on investing in yourself (after basic needs of course) may be a wasted future opportunity from missing learns and connects.”
― Richie Norton

“Send you infinite love into the world. Love is not a limited resource, it is infinite. There is no reason that you can’t show love to everything around you for any reason. Teach the world how wonderful love in the air feels. Teach the world to show love. Take action to make love a common knowledge.”
― Avina Celeste

“There is no real distinction between who can and cannot be a teacher. All that matters is that this person should have knowledge of the subject matter, empath and compassion with others, and, above all, a great sense of humor which is the true mark of wisdom.”
― Charbel Tadros

“There is no real distinction between who can and cannot be a teacher. All that matters is that this person should have knowledge of the subject matter, empathy and compassion with others, and, above all, a great sense of humor which is the true mark of wisdom.”
― Charbel Tadros

“Anyone can put a price on knowledge - schools and universities do it all the time, but no one can put a price on wisdom for it can neither be bought nor sold. It should be given and accepted with no ulterior motives.”
― Charbel Tadros

“You could start now, and spend another forty years learning about the sea without running out of new things to know.”
― Peter Benchley, The Deep

“Understanding how little we know is crucial to gaining knowledge.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“You cannot do anything with knowledge unless you know where it stops, and the costs of using it.”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable

“[A]ll knowledge goes through both stages, the annunciation out of noise into fact, and the disintegration back into noise again. The process involved was the making of increasingly finer distinctions. The outcome was an endless series of theoretical catastrophes.”
― James Blish, A Case of Conscience

“People who just float around in life without any direction will tell you that your dreams are not possible. Their knowledge is the perfect mirror of their results. Logic makes perfect sense.”
― Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.

“Your commitment shakes the very foundation of this universe. (from The Amazing You movie)”
― Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.

“The knowledge of the Universe is not secret, but is placed in the heart of every grandma and grandpa who have nothing and yet give everything to their grandchildren, in the eyes of every mother holding her baby close to her heart, in the spirit of every father holding the hand of his child walking for the first time.”
― Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.

“Our heart calls us one way, the mind pulls us the other way, and we do the opposite. We cannot find peace when the mind rages war against the heart, when we fight with our thoughts the pull of our love.”
― Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.

“Knowledge, degrees and diplomas are not for everyone, but wisdom is. True wisdom is in being happy doing what you do best no matter how trivial it may seem as long as it is beneficial to you and to those around you.”
― Charbel Tadros

“I came to see that knowing what love isn't might be just as valuable, though infinitely less satisfying, as knowing what it is.”
― Susan Vreeland, Girl in Hyacinth Blue

“People are called intellectuals because they're privileged. It's not because they're smart or they know a lot. There are plenty of people who know more and are smarter but aren't intellectuals because they don't have the privilege. The people called intellectuals are privileged. They have resources and opportunities, and enough freedom has been won so that they state does not have an unrestrained capacity to repress”
― Noam Chomsky, What We Say Goes: Conversations on U.S. Power in a Changing World

“There is no better way to find out the true heart, honor, and professionalism of a person, than seeing how they handle themselves and others when facing a crisis, disaster or intense level of pressure.”
― Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music

“Există ceva dincolo de reprezentare? Cunoașterea e o fereastră demnă de încredere spre real, sau doar un sistem de sticle opace și împodobite cu figuri care filtrează numai imagini false și umbre îndoielnice de adevăr? Există într-adevăr ceva îndărătul cunoașterii sau nu există nimic, ca și îndărătul vieții? Să fie oare numai o oglindă a ei însăși, scoarță fără trunchi, draperie a golului?”
― Giovanni Papini, Un uomo finito

“Without wisdom, a teacher is nothing more than a research paper: a knowledge filled text which is boring and has no practical use. With wisdom, a teacher is like a great novel: a text filled with knowledge, practical applications and, above all, fun.”
― Charbel Tadros

“Your knowledge of failure is the way for the new phase of it!”
― Hesham Nebr

“Every woman is a science; for he that plods upon a woman all his life long, shall at length finde himself short of the knowledge of her.”
― John Donne

“If you cannot buy yourself a coat, buy yourself a book, latter your book will buy you a coat. Knowledge is only available for the wise.”
― Osunsakin Adewale

“Breathe and wait ten seconds before you put up that post. Is that content good for today, tomorrow, next week, next month and next year? If not, alter it, to create a professional endurance to your content”
― Loren Weisman

“We rely on our education, on our judgment and our intuition to make decisions, but sometimes we find ourselves in the most dangerous scenario we can be in as individuals or as team, when we don’t know that we don’t know but we believe we do know.”
― Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building

“Science is thus a paradigm for how we ought to gain knowledge—not the particular methods or institutions of science but its value system, namely to seek to explain the world, to evaluate candidate explanations objectively, and to be cognizant of the tentativeness and uncertainty of our understanding at any time.”
― Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined

“That's the only hitch in learning: it's humbling. The more you learn, the more you realize how little you know. Anyway, all that's a long way around saying that it's crazy to do things just to prove you can do 'em. The more you learn, the more you'll find yourself doing things you never thought you could do in a million years.”
― Peter Benchley

“Knowing without loving is frankly dangerous for the soul and for society. You'll critique most everything you encounter and even have the hubris to call this mode of reflexive cynicism "thinking" (whereas it's really your ego's narcissistic reaction to the moment). You'll position things to quickly as inferior or superior, "with me" or "against me," and most of the time you'll be wrong.”
― Richard Rohr, The Divine Dance: The Trinity and Your Transformation

“I wish you were small again, so I could hold you in my arms and comfort you. But you are grown, and you know that for some things there is no comfort.”
― Patricia A. McKillip, The Forgotten Beasts of Eld

“For it is not needful, to use a common proverb, that one should drink up the ocean who wishes to learn that its water is salt.”
― Irenaeus of Lyons, Against Heresies 2

“We can only transform our lives by renewal of mind via renewed knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honor trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then - to learn.”
― T.H. White, The Once and Future King

“A short while ago I foolishly thought I could learn everything - all the knowledge in the world. Now I hope only to be able to know of its existence, and to understand one grain of it.”
― Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon

“Every novel which is truly written contributes to the total of knowledge which is there at the disposal of the next writer who comes, but the next writer must pay, always, a certain nominal percentage in experience to be able to understand and assimilate what is available as his birthright and what he must, in turn, take his departure from. If a writer of prose knows enough about what he is writing about he may omit things that he knows and the reader, if the writer is writing truly enough, will have a feeling of those things as strongly as though the writer had stated them. The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water. A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing. A writer who appreciates the seriousness of writing so little that he is anxious to make people see he is formally educated, cultured or well-bred is merely a popinjay. And this too remember; a serious writer is not to be confounded with a solemn writer. A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.”
― Ernest Hemingway, Death in the Afternoon

“It is more important that we listen to others than to always be speaking, for in that way we learn what there is to know. We should be easy to talk to, and grateful for new information.”
― Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers

“People should know, only what they need to know.”
― Amy Rachiele, Mobster's Angel

“Knowing leads to caring.”
― Shaun David Hutchinson, The Five Stages of Andrew Brawley

“People suffering from insecurity and intellectual deficiency thrive on constant vilification; rarely engaging in a communication based on sound reasoning.”
― Amitav Chowdhury

“Acquiring knowledge through the centuries has influenced human society more than all other factors.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“What do I know about life? What does a windmill know about the wind?”
― Marty Rubin

“You see, somewhere deep within the universe is a cosmic heart that pours knowledge to those with questions. And to communicate with it, you simply have to tap into your own heart. Yet there is a catch. You cannot be sleeping. You have to be wide awake. And your heart cannot be heavy. It must be as light as a feather. And your questions cannot carry any shades of darkness; they must be as childlike as a curious and receptive student of Truth. And the answers, can be interpreted in many different ways -- depending on how much truth you have in you.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Knowledge alone benefits no one unless the person acquiring it does something with it. And great ideas are worthless unless they are implemented.”
― Brian P. Morgan

“…the more things you know, or pretend to know, the more powerful you are. It doesn’t matter if things are true. What counts, remember, is to possess a secret.”
― Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum

“What matters is not the facts but how you discover and think about them.”
― Richard Dawkins, Science in the Soul: Selected Writings of a Passionate Rationalist

“Valoare au doar ideile după care ai umblat.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“Knowledge is just a foundation. The whole point of a foundation is to build on it.”
― Marty Rubin

“A good understanding is to keep the great law.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I was well-read but perhaps that only made me stupid.”
― Richard Smyth, Wild Ink

“The greatest knowledge ever created is the one created when one is challenged or criticized by his/her subordinate. Creativity lies in challenges and criticisms .”
― Adewale Osunsakin, Time To Awake Christian Magazine

“Look how far we have come;
then the fight was to save the libraries, to save knowledge and today the fight is to save the weapons, to save power.”
― Mahrukh

“The only good knowledge is the knowledge of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“True knowledge makes a man reject the wrong , by chosen what is right.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Knowledge perpetuates luck and luck perpetuates knowledge”
― Zakhaddin Khalidov

“Given the opportunity of 'Earth-School' enrollment - some are humble enough to learn and grow, stubborn enough to fail and repeat, and wise enough to graduate and never return.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“Put your ears to the ground, to the sky, to the sun and the moon... tune in to Mother Earth's sweet song. She has messages to say, knowledge to relay, inspiration to convey... there is much for you to learn. Your journey has just begun.”
― Melody Lee, Moon Gypsy

“Knowledge accumulated and lived inside of you. He wasn’t sure how it happened, but if you had the pieces of a puzzle in your mind, they would eventually drift close enough to fit together. It had happened too many times for him to doubt it. The answer always came. You just had to be able to recognise when it did. And then you had to figure out what to do with it. In some cases, it might come and go without you even noticing.”
― V Moody

“What should be boundless is one's love of life, not one's love of art or knowledge.”
― Marty Rubin

“There were times he thought it would have been far better to never have known. Yet he continued to return to his core principle: that, in every situation, knowledge was better than ignorance. However agonizing, it was necessary to confront the facts. Only through knowing could a person become strong.”
― Haruki Murakami, Men Without Women: Stories

“When Socrates said he knew nothing he still thought he knew more than anyone else.”
― Marty Rubin

“I'm everything that you're not.”
― Ahmed Mostafa

“A philosopher's main task is to compulsively filibuster”
― Mohadesa Najumi

“He learned that the lives of men are short and filled with pain, yet each one a priceless treasure, whether it be that of a prince or a pig-keeper. And, at the last, the book taught him that while nothing was certain, all was possible. "At the end of knowledge, wisdom begins, Dallben murmured. "And at the end of wisdom there is not grief, but hope.”
― Lloyd Alexander, The Foundling and Other Tales of Prydain

“Tota est scientia.”
― Rachel Caine, Ink and Bone

“Choosing comfort over knowledge is a sign of a weak mind..”
― Danilo Vukovljak

“The greatest KNOWLEDGE is the knowledge of GOD.”
― Lailah Gifty, Akita

“Anyone with a form of godliness is promoting ungodliness, whether ignorantly or knowingly.”
― Sunday Adelaja, Insulted by Ungodliness: Raising a Generation of the Provoked in Every Nation

“Is there any knowledge that refreshes the soul, renew the spirit, and restored the body like the study of the Holy Scriptures?”
― Lailah Gifty, Akita

“An hypocrite with his mouth destroyeth his neighbour: but through knowledge shall the just be delivered.”
― King Solomon, The Proverbs of Solomon

“Education without the knowledge of the Holy One is the darkest doom.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Without the knowledge of God, we are in complete darkness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“But of all the deadly theories by means of which you are now being destroyed, I would like to warn you about one of the deadliest and most crucial: the alleged dichotomy of science and ethics. It is the doctrine that man's science and ethics - or his knowledge and values, or his body and soul - are two separate, antagonistic aspects of his existence, and that man is caught between them, as a precarious, permanent traitor to their conflicting demands.”
― Ayn Rand, The Voice of Reason: Essays in Objectivist Thought

“Without the knowledge of God ,we perish.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“For lack of knowledge of the Holy One, we perish in sin of hell.”
― Lailah Gifty, Akita

“Ignorance is the darkest depths.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“But I have believed always and taught always that what God demands from man is his utmost effort to cooperate and understand. I have taught the imagination, first and most; I have made knowledge, knowledge of what man is and what man's world is and what man may be, which is the adventure of mankind, the substance of all my teaching.”
― H.G. Wells, The Undying Fire

“Uthlubul ilma walau bisshin,” meaning, “Seek knowledge, even if it’s as far as China.” -17”
― Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara

“How lucky are you as seekers of knowledge because God will ease your way into heaven, angels will spread their wings for you, even the inhabitants of the heart and sky, down to the whales beneath the sea, will ask mercy for those who have knowledege...” -48”
― Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara

“knowledge is like nur, a ray of light. And light cannot come and be in a dark place. Because of that, clean your hearts and your minds, so that light can come, touch, and brighten your soul,” -178”
― Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara

“Uthlubul ilma minal mahdi ila lahdi. Seek knowledge from the cradle to the grave. -178”
― Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara

“The holy knowledge is the fear of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The fear of God is the beginning of knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The truest knowledge is the fear of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“On a basic level- everything we say- essentially anything that comes out of our mouths is a rationalisation in some form or another”
― Mohadesa Najumi

“I hope the ﬁeld of computer science never loses its sense of fun. ... What you know about computing other people will learn. Don’t feel as if the key to successful computing is only in your hands. What’s in your hands I think and hope is intelligence: the ability to see the machine as more than when you were ﬁrst led up to it, that you can make it more.”
― Alan J. Perlis, Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs

“B E H A V I O U R is Sometimes greater than knowledge, because in Life there are many situations where knowledge fails..but ..Behaviour can handle E V E R Y T H I N G.”
― viral panchal

“A Luz

No isolamento.
Vive a pobre alma,
condenada.
Conhece o absurdo.

Alheia à sua condição,
já mais não está.
Pois sabe.
Para ela tudo é tão claro,
como os raios de sol
que a sua cela penetram,
pela janela já vedada.

Apesar da intensidade
de um amor paternal
com que a sua consciência invadem
não a cegam como outrora.

Ela sabe que chegará a hora,
e que cada um desses fios dourados,
transformar-se-à em sombra.

Nada é imúne à sombre,
e por infortúnio digo: sou nada.”
― Anonymous

“The people of the light, loves the light of knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We awaken by asking the right questions.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Fail soon so that you can succeed sooner.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Today it is cheaper to start a business than tomorrow.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“YOU ARE JUST

You are not just for the right or left,
but for what is right over the wrong.
You are not just rich or poor,
but always wealthy in the mind and heart.
You are not perfect, but flawed.
You are flawed, but you are just.
You may just be conscious human,
but you are also a magnificent
reflection of God.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Among other possibilities, money was invented to make it possible for a foolish man to control wise men; a weak man, strong men; a child, old men; an ignorant man, knowledgeable men; and for a dwarf to control giants.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children

“There is nothing morally wrong with buying stolen goods, unless you know that they were stolen.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children

“A good man shares his knowledge selflessly with everyone.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“A man has only so much knowledge as he puts to work.”
― Francis of Assisi

“It's like killing each other is the only thing we know how to do.”
― Faith Erin Hicks, The Stone Heart

“To not know what to do during the vacations is just a proof that society and the school system has stolen your life from you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“This ignorance of what to do with time is the number one reason why people get bored so easily when alone with nothing to do.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“The world gives a way to the man who knows where he is going.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“If you know what the treasure of time is worth, if you know that time is a resource, then you will actually be able to convert your time into any product you want.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“The secret of all greatness is knowing what to do with time.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“Solitude allows you to sit down and work out a system that works best for you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“There will be great reason to suspect the Men of jealousy; and it cannot be rash to say, that their only reason for locking up from us all the avenues of knowledge, is the fear of our excelling them in it. (...) Had we the same advantages of study allowed us which the Men have, there is no room to doubt but we should at least keep pace with them in the sciences, and every useful knowledge. It can only then be a mean dastardly jealousy in them to exclude us from those advantages, in which we have so natural a right to emulate them.”
― Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man

“Our world is filled with people who have only a shallow knowledge of certain skills and have remained like that for so many years without self-improvement”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“Most people have not become better than they were five years ago because people hardly invest time into improving their knowledge, skills, and talents.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“You must arrest every passing time and convert it into growing your knowledge and prowess in that chosen field of influence.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“It is a pity that dead men are still impacting the world while men who are still alive are wasting away, roaming the world without an understanding of what to do with their time.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“God can make a cow out of a tree, but has He ever done so? Therefore show some reason why a thing is so, or cease to hold that it is so.”
― William of Conches

“Knowledge is the most powerful weapon.”
― Demetrice Nguyen, A Whole Different Ball Game

“One act of a kind deed is better than thousand words of knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The more diseases you know about the sicker you are.”
― Marty Rubin

“If we read the Holy Scripture, we shall grow in our knowledge of Jesus Christ, the Saviour. And be filled with the fullness of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Let us reason according to the Scriptures.”
― Laiah Gifty Akita

“Don’t live your life not to know what to do with your time. If you don’t have any results to show for all your passing time, then you must have been trivializing time and you must have been living your life carelessly.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“The proof that most people don’t know how to measure their life by converting time into products is reflected in what they do with their free vacation time.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“Our world is structured in such a way for you not to even know and for you not to even be told and for you not to even think about it that your life is disappearing gradually and that you are left only with very little life and time.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“We ought to, as human beings, have the courage to seek a collective “truth” that benefits our species the most, and to accept that all of our doctrines and beliefs may just be incomplete. That we don’t know it all and that perhaps we never will. That others like us may have something to teach us, and we may have something to contribute to their communities. That communities, types of people, are divisions we’ve created for ourselves. That for all of what we know, the knowledge and wisdom that we have gathered in the few millennia may be a small fraction of what is there to be discovered, understood and applied.”
― Tarun Betala, The Things We Don't Know

“The reason why one man is great and another man is living in mediocrity is simply because one understood the value of time while the other did not.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“Your resources could go to where your hands could not reach.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The majority of people on earth are ignorant of what their time should be used for.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“Your voice could go to where your feet could not go.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Believe that your life is not ordinary and never look down on what you can do to impact a life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Look up and hook up to a life of significance and don’t look down on yourself.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you live in darkness, you live under the rulership of the devil.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“As long as you are ready to pay this price for living in the light (knowledge) the darkness (ignorance) becomes a servant to you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Self-discovery is the key to knowing what to do with your life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“To break yourself loose from the dominion, ruler-ship and manipulation of the devil, you have to embrace light (knowledge).”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We can choose to live under the rulership of God or under the rulership of the devil.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The only thing that is limiting me and you from attaining anything in life is what we know or what we don’t know.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Individuals who keep growing in knowledge are the ones who succeed.”
― Zig Ziglar, Born to Win: Find Your Success Code

“Your gifts, talents, and calling will help you to know what you must do.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“It is your gifting and talents that dictates to you what to do.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“The only reason for your intimidation by the devil, and your being afraid of him, or what he can do is because you are living in ignorance (darkness) which is his territory.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The starting point for greatness is to know what to do with your life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“It is rather your limitation that decides to what extent of greatness and to what height you are going to arise in this life. Your level of promotion in life is determined by how much you know.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“Most people on the face of the earth do not know what to do with their time.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“You can be in the vanguard of those that bring a change to the community and to the nation as a whole.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The difference between one person who is living in poverty and another person living in wealth is their understanding of what to do with time.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“If you have committed all things to impacting a life at a time, or impacting a community or society, then welcome to a life of significance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You must know what you do with your time if you must become great in this life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“Every one of us must learn how to make our time productive.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“The secret of all greatness is in knowing what to do with time.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“The secret of all greatness is in knowing what to do with time. The secret of all the great men and women in history is that they converted their time into tangible products.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“You must know what to do with your time if you must become great in this life. You must know what to do with your time if you must fulfill your purpose on the earth.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“Most people do not invest their time because they do not see need to do that.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“You must choose what you do with your time. You must not just do things because everybody is doing them.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“Don’t live your life not knowing what to do with your time.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“It is only those that live intentionally that can accomplish and come to the significance meant for them.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“What you discover valuable to you can make all the difference in your life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“A person could waste an important part of his living if he refuses to come into significance; if he refuses to impact lives around, the family and in the community or in the society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You need to encourage yourself especially if you know you are on the path of significance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When what you are insulted by meets what you have a strong desire to do, then that would bring you significance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If it is only one thing in life that you have or allowed to discover, then it must be your significance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Go all the way and let your soul be in what you are doing and there will be no limitations.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you live for the purpose of making a difference for the people, for society, for the things that are beyond you, then significance will not be able to elude you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Find out what you need to do to express your importance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You need to discover something that will impact humanity.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Discover what you need to do to make your life have meaning.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“For your life to have meaning is to discover what you are meant to fulfill.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You have to discover what makes you different in your society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It is a good thing to live long but it is much more important to make a difference in life by living a life of significance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“A life that is actually lived is one that is with significance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Your anger and fury at ungodliness and injustice around you is a license given to you to fulfill a purpose.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you have discovered your significance, your life will now begin to move towards making a difference.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Be prepared to be on the race to fulfill and to achieve fulfillment.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“In the pursuit of wholeness, there will surely be challenges but you need to keep going.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Your purpose is more than just being happy, but it’s about making others to be blessed and happy.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Each individual needs to be pregnant with the seed of purpose.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When your life gets to the stage of being mindful and concerned with impacting and blessing lives, then you are pursuing wholeness as an individual.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You have to live intentionally as one with a unique purpose and determination.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“After you have made the discovery of your own significance, you would then be able to find the reason to stay alive.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Everyone desires significance but not everyone is ready to go through the process of being ‘pregnant’ with the requirements that would make them to be significant.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“To live intentionally implies that it is not going to be always convenient but it is what will take you to significance if you do not give up.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Every risk that you take in order for you to come into significance is the greatest kind of risk to take.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Those irritations and uneasiness you are faced with are evidence that you have an assignment to fulfill.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Finding meaning for life is simply coming into significance because you have been able to accomplish and fulfill your purpose.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you know that you know to the extent of committing your life to a just cause, then nothing will be able to stop you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you are pushed to the wall, you will act and do things you have never done before.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is a price for everything in life. Even what you receive freely has already been paid for by someone.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is no one or a group that would ever be able to achieve or accomplish anything unique except that they are angry with their situation.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Your anger against every form of insult and oppression must be out of love.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Whatever it is in life that is worth attaining, there must be something that is provoking an individual to go for that thing passionately.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The individuals that will stand or speak or act for the sake of the society must be the kind of people that do not accept limitation.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If the weeds are removed and there is nothing planted, it is the weeds that will keep growing.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You are not entitled to stand or speak on behalf of the people or society, except that you are already provoked.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Planting of godliness must be a continuous thing, however, one needs to start the planting of godliness from the home front.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If you are really angry, then you must be willing to pay the price of being alone or be remanded for someone else to have their freedom, illumination and justice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Do not waste your anger, you may just be the candidate to deliver a people from oppression or injustice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You and I are to be a true member of the provoked generation.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If there is a construction or a pathway in the spirit to be made, it is the way of godliness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The truth is that if you do not join the way of godliness, then you do not have any reason to complain when the ungodly are busy planning and making the pathway of ungodliness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Poverty is a force that pulls down the head of the people.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If you are faithful in little things, then you will be given a bigger commitment.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“A fruit that comes forth is the desire and joy for the labour of a farmer.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ungodliness has always declared war on godliness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Where the spirit of godliness is, where there are godly principles in action, where there is justice and peace, there will surely be prosperity.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The group of people that are insulting the society with ungodliness are those that are out rightly known with ungodliness and those that try to mimic godliness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The basic element that will distinguish those that are for godliness from those that are promoting ungodliness is if such individuals possess the spirit of godliness and not just a form of it.”
― Sunday Adelaja, Stop Working for Uncle Sam: If you are working for money you are under Uncle Sam system. You need to get out fast. This book will help you do it.

“It is this spirit of godliness that will bring forth the attributes, the principles and the life style of godliness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Godliness is not just a doctrine, a belief or a principle, it has a personality.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“To embrace the spirit of godliness is to embrace everything godliness stands for.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Godliness has already come in human flesh to rescue humanity from its own ungodliness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The teaching of godliness must be preached and taught in every available medium.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The principles of godliness must be ensured to be received by all in the community, city and the nation, even by the young and old.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The principle of godliness must be believed and embedded as the culture to live by.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Godliness must be presented with its profit and incentives, not only for the good of the nation and society, but of eternal value.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Your anger towards ungodliness, towards injustice and the likes, will create a hunger in you to fulfill a particular purpose meant for you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Individuals with greed for power see others as elements to be oppressed.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“At the root of every form of ungodliness, injustice, nepotism, selfishness, every rivalry and competitive jealousy, is the monster called greed.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The leaders have the responsibility to protect and hold in high esteem the law and virtues of the land.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When greed is enthroned, be it in a community or nation, ungodliness is celebrated at the altar of human pleasure.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The absence of justice anywhere is the presence of injustice everywhere.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Everyone who fights always fight with a purpose in mind.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The oppressor will always despise their victims.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Until there is equal and fair portion of opportunities apportioned for every citizen, the power structure may need to be restructured.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Every effort to impact someone or a generation will go a long way beyond human imaginations.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It is the people that are angry at the status quo that makes a decision to bring change.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It is the people who are displeased with injustice that can be a channel for social justice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It is the people who cannot stand oppression that qualifies to fight today’s modern slavery.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Generational oppression begins when what is meant to be transferred to one offspring has been taken over by reason of oppression.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Greed is an excessive desire for something more than one’s proper share.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“As a result of this greed for power, the poor is not only silenced but also oppressed.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Every opportunity, every influence and affluence you possess, could not have been for you alone, but to act as a platform to impact a generation.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Oppression has been in existence as long as man himself has been in existence.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ungodliness is confronting the society and everyone seems to be at its mercy because of greed for pleasure.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“One of the main roots of ungodliness is being a lover of pleasure more than a lover of God.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If there is any society where the leaders lack the knowledge and the importance of justice, then oppression will be a common neighbor of the citizens.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“A desire and a goal not to be subservient to another or to be in charge of one’s life is a good thing to do.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“A man’s life is not qualified by how much wealth, power, pleasure or control he has, but by the values of godliness he possesses.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“A leader must be taught or made to know the importance of justice for the people.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The light of the Kingdom of God remains the strongest weapon for you to fight with in order to have a continuous victory over the enemies.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You must be determined to overcome the insults of the ungodliness of this world with the weapon of the light inside of you.”
― Sunday Adelaja

“A steward in the above scripture is a servant who serves.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Wherever you are, be ready to create the enabling spiritual atmosphere for the sake of the kingdom of God.”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The kingdom of God is depending on you to make the atmosphere more conducive for the purpose of prospering the Kingdom of God.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is definitely a positive aspect of anger such as, anger at sin and anger at ungodliness or injustice of the society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is no one or group of people that would ever be free from bondage without making room for a change.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When everybody contributes a change to what he or she notices, it is then we will change our world.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Just an emotional response of sentiments will only lead to tiredness and weariness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“To be compassionate, you have to forget your own comfort zone and live well because you live beyond yourself.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“What bothers you today or gives you concerns could be a signpost to your purpose in life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Just as you are what you think, you are also what you dream.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Stay with your passion but have a philosophy that is beyond your strength so that you can have a legacy, even a legacy that will outlast you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You can be a person with a strong passion or holy anger and be furious in a way that will make the society safer, godly, with social justice and equity.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is satisfaction in serving.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“To be able to impact the society and to be an agent of change, you have to make yourself available to serve.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“To be honorable, you have to make sacrifices for others.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is no one that cannot make an impact in this world.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God loves justice and He desires mankind to love the same.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If you see your country going through economic problems, the best thing to do is to come up with a strategy, plan and vision of how to affect the economy of the nation, rather than simply fixing your own individual economic problem.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If you are frustrated with the elite of your society, do something about it.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you dream of what you want to see, whether in your life, home, community or nation, you need to keep watching those dreams until they come to fulfillment.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Those who fight for social justice and the rights of people will count any other thing as unimportant.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Anyone that will make a difference would have to put others ahead of them; put others first.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When every opportunity given to you is used to serve the people, you are on the path of life’s purpose to the fullness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Don’t underestimate the result of a right and positive anger.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Serving others is one of the bases for you to have or to enjoy a fullness of purpose in life.”
― Sunday Adelaja

“To serve others is not only by hands but by mouth as well.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Your voice can be made loud to speak against ungodliness and injustice and not promote it.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If you have experienced injustice and insulted by the ungodliness, then you are a candidate to stand against the same.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If you are ready to make a difference and shine, then you must be ready to pay the price by laboring rightly with your mouth and with hands.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The great and the mighty that use their assets and power to subjugate people are demonstrating oppression.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Covetousness gives birth to violence, while violence gives birth to oppression.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you see injustice among the nations, you will find out that the root cause is covetousness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The architect and the father of war are covetousness of the leaders and of different interest groups fueling war.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If there is anything the leaders in the society or the nations must take note of is to know the importance of justice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When justice is prioritized by any leader at any level then to give justice to the citizenry will always be at the back of the mind of such a leader.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You must not allow the hurt of the past to haunt or hinder you from fulfilling and performing your duties as one who has a passion to impact his society and make a change.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Let your faith be in the Lord Jesus and not in your strength, to fight against ungodliness and injustice in the society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is still hope that if the people refuse to give up and keep silent, no matter how long or inconsequential their voices could be at the beginning, it would still be heard and justice be served.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Those who have been insulted by ungodliness and injustice could be in a good or better position to stand for or with those that are being insulted by the same.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is a commanded blessing on anyone that values, esteems and stands for justice in society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Whenever you are being insulted by ungodliness and injustice, endeavor to speak against it, endeavor to stand up against it, and expect to see change.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You are a lawmaker in your own right.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There are people that are to champion the campaign and advocacy against the cycle of ungodliness and injustice in every nation.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Never misuse your God-given opportunities, it may be the path to fulfilling your destiny.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If you are going to speak out against injustice, if you are angry at ungodliness in the society, then you have the opposing force to contend against.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Your insult by the ungodliness and injustice in the land is a force.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You must build and develop a greater force on the inside of you, in this way, you will be able to speak and stand against ungodliness and injustice in the land.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If lawmakers in nations today refused to be bribed and be corrupted by some larger-than-life leaders, the people will be less insulted and molested by ungodliness and injustice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God has individuals He has positioned for His purpose and to be used as His vessel at different time and season.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Actually, everyone, in one way or the other is being insulted by ungodliness and injustice, be it racial injustice, inequality, economic injustice, and the spread and campaign of ungodliness sweeping the land.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“In every civilized society, there is an established institution put in place to design laws that make people live civilized and having rights and privileges as citizens of that nation.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It takes wisdom, power and influence to be able to make a positive impact on what goes on in society and in the nation as a whole.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The lawmakers possess the authority that commands the obedience of the people.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You have received a mandate not given by man, but given and empowered by God, to bring justice to the people and godliness on the earth.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“While in bondage, the strength of the mind is not put into full action in order to maximize its full potential.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“To be under a physical bondage or a mental bondage is one of the worst situations someone could ever be in life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When someone finds his or her mind is not free or in mental bondage, such a person might as well not be free physically.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If a person is not free, his right is restricted.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Your right in a civilized society is to have freedom.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The law or any practice that is not for the good of the people must be changed.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If we could be humble enough to submit our passions, sentiments and even weaknesses to God Almighty, he would successfully convert them to something positive that would eventually glorify Him.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When it comes to change; feelings like frustrations, anger and irritations can easily be converted by each person to become a powerful force of change.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The Lord is concerned about the poor receiving justice and that they are not neglected or cheated.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The philosophy of a person speaks of what dictates or governs how and what someone believes.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Whatever your passion, make sure you hold unto a philosophy that is bigger and greater than you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Make sure you are standing for something you believe in.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Some women think being arrogant, selfish, bitter and looking down on others are qualities of being an Independent, strong, powerful and successful business women. No matter how high you are in life. Never look down on others and never forget humanity.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Some of the common occurrences of injustice are the presence of poverty, starvation, gender inequality, neglected widows and orphans and the injustice towards other vulnerable groups of people.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The human voice is still the most paramount vessel or weapon to use, to uphold justice and to protest against injustice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When insulted by injustice, face it, stand up against it and demand your right and justice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“This is the way to shine; to make a difference even as you choose to stand up, speak out and maintain a valid positive opinion.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Take a step towards actualizing the very thing you are persuaded for and do not allow injustice to silence your voice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Voicing out against injustice in the society is championing a just cause.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“For any display of displeasure or anger against injustice and ungodliness, there is a reward and a godly result.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When a hypocrite or a wicked leader is in power, anyone that becomes popular or stands out easily becomes a prey.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It is those that are insulted by injustice that will refuse to be silenced.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You must refuse to succumb to every ungodliness and injustice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“A troubled soul is a troubled life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It is the people who are afflicted with ungodliness and injustice that would cry unto the Lord for change.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“A voice of one insulted by injustice will make others to be delivered from the same injustice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“For every seed of godliness, kindness and justice sowed, there will be surely be a harvest of goodness, significance and greatness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Poverty is possible in every society because someone refused to speak out.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is a level of positive anger that needed to be alive and to make a head way in this life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Without a measure of anger against injustice, a person, a society or a whole nation would have to live perpetually under the bondage of injustice.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is an innate and strong desire in every human being to be heard.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Make sure you speak out and loud enough to be heard.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“A sincere decision to make is to refuse to give up until the society experiences the defeat of every form of injustice and ungodliness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The main recipients of injustice in any society are the afflicted the distressed and the troubled one, both in soul and in body.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You will surely be rewarded for every seed of good deed and godliness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Your voice may not be loud today or be heard today, but make sure you are still standing on your feet.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The afflicted are basically the majority or only set of people who are insulted by injustice in society today.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You may be the change and light needed by others, to shine on their path.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You can become a shining light for others.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God is reciprocally responding to the cry of the afflicted.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Guard yourself with a positive attitude, conviction, hope and fulfillment of your heart’s desire.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Individuals should take personal responsibility for knowledge acquisition and campaigns against ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Lack of knowledge leads to rejection by God.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It is our responsibility to enlighten our people.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“To some extent, it is almost blasphemous to think that insult, anger and irritation could be a positive force.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“To be relevant, you must seek knowledge.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you reject knowledge, God rejects you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Study to show yourself qualified for God’s use.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Believers must step out of the four walls of the church and take the gospel of the kingdom into every sphere of life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The number one price of ignorance is destruction.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God cannot help you in your ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God has no regard for the ignorant.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ignorance is a limitation.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Illiteracy is simply the inability to read and write.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We must be true ambassadors of Christ on the earth in order to be able to put an end to the plague of ignorance in our society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We have to seek knowledge, and infuse ourselves with so much light that can only come from knowledge.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Your level of knowledge will determine the level at which God relates with you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When we begin to shine, the darkness of ignorance will disappear from our society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Eradicating ignorance through the establishment of information centers.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If we really want to represent God in our day and time, we must embrace knowledge.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Fight against illiteracy.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God hates ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We are not poor because we do not have money, we are poor because we do not know how to make money.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God’s church need to declare war against ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The church needs to arise not just against total and absolute ignorance, the church also needs to arise against half-truth or falsehood, which is some of the things that are prevailing in our churches today.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“You have a right to have a godly anger to bring about change, godliness and justice in the society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Your level of knowledge determines if you can be a priest for God or not.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Our passion, even our insult, could be turned into a blessing.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Our anger could become a force of deliverance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“People who don’t feel insulted by the ungodliness and injustice around them do not do anything about it.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Heaven will always support your godly move; be it a righteous cause or be it a desire to see people free from what has held them down.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Illiteracy breeds more ignorance than you can ever begin to imagine.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you decide not to discipline yourself to seek for knowledge in any area, God sees it as the rejection of knowledge.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God calls ignorance the rejection of knowledge, which simply means it is actually a choice to be ignorant.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The higher the proportion of adults with low literacy proficiency is, the slower the overall long-term GDP growth rate is.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you live in light, you live under God’s rulership.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When you live in darkness, you live under the ruler-ship of the devil.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There are several grave consequences that come with lack of knowledge, the paramount is destruction.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Knowledge acted upon makes all the difference, produces the different results we have in life.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It means that the lack of knowledge is the foundation for all life failures, destruction, depression, difficulties, hatred, bitterness, envy, etc.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is no other force destroying us like ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It’s like we are having a harvest of destruction in our nations, continent and world today, all because of ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We must eradicate ignorance and illiteracy from our nations and continent to the nearest minimum for us to have a national development.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The only power the devil has is in our area of ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ignorance can stifle learning, especially if the ignorant person believes that he or she is not ignorant.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“A person who falsely believes he or she is knowledgeable will not seek out clarification of his or her beliefs, but rather rely on his or her ignorant position.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Light generates life and causes it to grow.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We have to make it a personal responsibility to eradicate ignorance from our society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ignorance leads to destruction.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Limitations in life are caused by ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It is like we are having a harvest of destruction in our society due to ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We must all raise war against ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ignorance leads to leaving in self-deception.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Personal ignorance leads to a negative impact on the society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ignorance leads to economic failures.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ignorance leads to low income.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Illiteracy breeds more ignorance than you can ever imagine.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ignorance is darkness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God is helpless in our area of ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The rejection of knowledge (ignorance) attracts a reaction from God.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God has no tolerance for ignorance; therefore we should not have tolerance for ignorance also.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The devil has no power over us except in our area of ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The reason there’s no oneness and no harmony in the church is because the believers don’t habitually walk in the light and they don’t constantly allow God’s light (knowledge) to shine in them.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ignorance actually limits God from intervening in the misfortunes of our personal lives and that of our society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It is an insult to live in the fear of darkness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Let’s stop glorifying the devil, giving him power that he does not deserve or have.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We are the author of our own destruction.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When we live in ignorance, we live in darkness and that is where the devil rules.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Nothing in the whole world is more dangerous than ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Every evil we see in our society today can be traced back to ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is no difference between the person living in ignorance and the person living in darkness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“To break yourself loose from the dominion, rulership and manipulation of the devil, you have to embrace light (knowledge).”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Light always overshadows and out powers darkness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Darkness is subject to light, and can never manifest itself in the presence of light.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The only reason for your intimidation by the devil, and you're being afraid of him, or what he can do is because you are living in ignorance (darkness) which is his territory.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God rules through light.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The devil is the reason for all the problems we have in the society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“For you to be able to turn on the light in the darkness, you have to live in the light.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“As long as you are ready to pay this price for living in the light (knowledge), the darkness (ignorance) becomes a servant to you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We can choose to live under the ruler-ship of God or under the ruler-ship of the devil.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If God can only relate with us based on our level of knowledge that means God is limited to our ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The only thing destroying us is ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When there’s darkness, there are all kinds of evil things happening, rebellion is there, and corruption is operating.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The instability and disorderliness we have in Nigeria today and Africa at large is totally due to the absence of this light.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We destroy ourselves when we are ignorant or decide to live in ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Where there is darkness, there is chaos and confusion, but when light shines, things are set in order and the light rules and governs.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Life comes from light: if we are under God’s shining light, life will be generated and the divine life will grow in us.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Light rules over darkness.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God can only relate with us based on our level of knowledge.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God is limited by our ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ignorance is what is destroying us and not the devil.”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Jesus was never indifferent to the issues of the people in His day.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When we neglect knowledge, we have indirectly rejected light.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The devil will do anything for you to be comfortable in your ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God does not have any business with irresponsible people.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When people refuse to pay the price of personal responsibility for the problems of the nation, these same people end up paying the high price of irresponsibility, which is often in tragedy and sorrow.”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Every individual has a role to play for the betterment of our nation.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Irresponsibility is a sin with a high price tag.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If there is anything the devil will want to keep you from having, it is knowledge.”
― Sunday Adelaja

“It is our business to restore the earth back to God through the principles of the Kingdom.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Jesus had the ministry of light (knowledge).”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“When there is no personal responsibility in any society, there cannot be a responsible government.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“There is always a great price to pay for irresponsibility.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We have to lend our voice to Christ by speaking on His behalf.”
― Sunday Adelaja

“We have to confront ignorance in our nation.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“It is our business to proffer solution to the problem of the society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We must stop expecting the government to play the role of national transformation why we sit down and watch.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If Nigeria will change for the better, then we must take responsibility for the changes in Nigeria.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“We cannot be indifferent to the evil in our society.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If it is God’s business, then it should be your business.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Personal responsibility leads to national transformation.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Responsible government is an off shoot of a culture of personal responsibility.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“God has no business with irresponsible people.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The only area of strength for Satan’s rulership is in our area of ignorance.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The difficulties of people should be our business.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Until we begin to live for people and stop living for self, we have not started living, we just exist.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Ignorance is a very useful weapon in the hands of the devil against humanity, especially Christians.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Everything in the society that is wrong is our responsibility to fix.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The price of ignorance is way more than the price we would have paid to acquire knowledge.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“The price of ignorance is usually a life of frustration and destruction.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“Do not let the temporal pain of discipline you need to acquire knowledge stop you from acquiring it.”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance

“If you feel anxiety or depression, you are not in the present. You are either anxiously projecting the future or depressed and stuck in the past. The only thing you have any control over is the present moment; simple breathing exercises can make us calm and present instantly.”
― Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth

“The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. Neither love without knowledge nor knowledge without love can produce a good life.”
― Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects

“When you finally learn that you are not the smartest person in the room- you will build a better product, have better relationships, and eliminate wasted time.”
― Colleen Ferrary Bader

“I believe there are only three businesses: my business, other people's business, and God's business.”
― Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth

“Pedagogy is always about power, because it cannot be separated from how subjectives are formed, desires mobilized, how some experiences are legitimized and others are not, or how some knowledge is considered acceptable while other forms are excluded from the curriculum.”
― Henry A. Giroux, America at War with Itself

“Woe to you experts in the law, because you have taken away the key to knowledge. You yourselves have not entered, and you have hindered those who were entering."Luke 11:52”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Knowledge has no significance [...] unless it is transformative.”
― Joshua Dysart, Imperium, Vol. 4: Stormbreak

“The promise of power wasn't enough, he thought. So now she tempts me with knowledge.”
― Anthony Ryan, Blood Song

“I am pain stricken to say that, various “educational” institutions have adopted the medieval doctrine "fear of the lord is the beginning of wisdom" as their motto. Let me tell you this, fear of the Lord, Santa Claus, Krishna, Thor, Hulk or any other imaginary being brings merely the illusion of wisdom, not wisdom. And illusion of wisdom is a billion times more harmful than lack of wisdom.”
― Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission

“I believe I will not not die a minute too early or a minute too late, but exactly when I am supposed to.”
― Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth

“A library is treasure chamber of knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I am continually coming back to the belief that I know nothing, or that there are much deeper places to go with what I think I know. It's liberating, actually. I don't think the biggest questions can be answered with any certainty. I'm becoming more and more peaceful not knowing.”
― Scott Stabile

“The course of our lives can be altered when we receive the gift of knowledge.”
― Denis Hachey, Mind to Mind Conversation: Change Your Mind, Change Your Life

“The first step of grace to seek knowledge begins with the reading of the Holy Scripture.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“It is better to seek wisdom of God than human.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“In my experience, stress is the cause of all injury and pain.”
― Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth

“Perhaps the secret to life is to understand simplistic perfection. A phenomena that surrounds us all each day in our natural world and by appreciating such beauty and wonder, can provide us with great fulfilment and enlightenment from the knowledge of learning.”
― Alastair Agutter

“This is the paradox of historical knowledge. Knowledge that does not change behaviour is useless. But knowledge that changes behaviour quickly loses its relevance.”
― Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A History of Tomorrow

“special" knowledge gives them a sense of power, control, status and/or monetary gain. For some, the need to belong is so powerful
that they choose to ignore the fact that the power they think are wielding actually controls, manipulates, and abuses them.”
― Carol A Brown

“Give A Child Some Measure Of Confidence And You Have Caused Him To Stand On Equal Footing With His Counterparts...”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E.

“If you seek first God's Kingdom, shall find the key to knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The key to knowledge is the kingdom of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Whoever holds the keys to house of knowledge, must open the door, for those who search for light of knowledge to enter.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“It is better to be kind than to seek much knowledge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If there is knowledge we shall seek, we must search for the excellent knowledge of Christ Jesus.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Maybe I don’t really want to know what’s going on. Maybe I’d rather not know. Maybe I couldn’t bear to know.
The Fall was a fall from innocence to knowledge.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale

“I realized that the knowledge I gained over this period in my life was power, and it felt like a waste not to share that wealth with the world, with people who could benefit,”
― Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.

“There is a huge difference between thinking we know something and actually knowing something.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“There is only One holy Knowledge, the excellent knowledge of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If we seek the excellent knowledge of Christ Jesus, we shall be filled with fullness of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Networking isn't how many people you know, it's how many people know you.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Unknowing, or agnosia, is not ignorance or absence of knowledge as ordinarily understood, but rather the realization that no finite knowledge can fully know the Infinite One, and that therefore He is only truly to be approached by agnosia, or by that which is beyond and above knowledge.”
― Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite

“Where the senses fail us, reason must step in.”
― Galileo Galilei

“When ignorance is passed down for a long time without giving it a second thought, it leads to evil because you are doing it without knowledge.”
― Nouman Ali Khan

“If the farmer is rich, then so is the nation.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“An entrepreneur with strong network makes money even when he is asleep.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“A wise person is the one who knows what he knows and what he does not know.”
― Mohith Agadi

“Knowledge is not always power.”
― Kara Lee Corthron, The Truth of Right Now

“A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“We learn and grow
Always building on what we know”
― Richard L. Ratliff

“My head bows before the thing you mention.
But my heart doesn't speak that language.

- The Epic of Sheik Bedreddin, Verse 9.”
― Nâzım Hikmet, Poems of Nazım Hikmet

“Kennis is de enige grondstof die toeneemt bij uitputtend gebruik.”
― Alexander Rinnooy Kan

“Every plant, tree, and animal is a blessing and every person has a purpose for living. Courage, curiosity, and generosity produce noble spirits. Enduring life honorably results in wisdom. Knowledge passed down from one generation to the next along with humankind's tradition of performing charitable and self-sacrificing deeds creates principled legacies for future generations to emulate.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Stupidity is brief and guileless, while wit equivocates and hides. Wit is a scoundrel, while stupidity is honest and sincere.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov

“To a farmer dirt is not a waste, it is wealth.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Who sees the many and not the one, wanders on from death to death.
Even by the mind this truth is to be learned: there are not many but only one. Who sees variety and not the unity wanders on from death to death.”
― Upanishad

“Here's a resume of crucial knowledge you should have in today's world but universities are not providing: Financial - Not just on management, but also on how to profit, how to manage and control flows of income; Linguistic - In today's world, speaking only a language is prove of lack of education. Knowing two languages is a basic necessity, and knowing three languages is essential, while knowing four is merely the ideal situation. Which four languages? Chinese, English, Spanish, and another of your choice, just for fun; Intellectual - It's not about what you know; it’s all about how you think about what you know. Therefore, it's ridiculous to think that there’s only one answer and one way to examine our life. Most students are extremely dumb because they lack the ability to educate themselves, despite their certificates or where they’ve studied. They never read with an intention in mind. And as they graduate, they become completely futile as individuals. This situation is the same all over the world. Millions are graduating every year, without any significant knowledge to live with. Their books are often outdated once they graduate and they're unable to learn by themselves and develop the necessary skills to adjust to the economic society in which we live. Maybe they can keep a job for 3 or 5 years of their life, but then are surprised to lose it and never finding a suitable job again. The world is changing very fast and most people can’t or are unwilling to recognize this fact.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“Those who understand will understand.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“Harada: Failure is essential, Amanda. It's the motivator. Even as an infant. You fall and fall again until eventually you can put one foot in front of the other and walk.

Amanda: I don't like the not knowing. Not knowing what's wrong. Not knowing what I'm doing. Not knowing what's happening next.

Harada: You're human. Of course you don't like it. The trick is learning to savor the unknown. To embrace mystery. Trust me... too much knowlegde can become... will become a bigger burden than ignorance and failure will ever be.”
― Matt Kindt, Unity, Volume 5: Homefront

“There is no singular truth known to man. All that we know is but a fraction. Truth can only be seen in pieces.”
― Kay Whitley, Out Loud: A collection of spoken word poetry

“In general, sharing and using things decreases their value. However, knowledge increases by implementation and especially by sharing among people.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“If we seek the knowledge God, all other knowledge will be given to us.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“What is essence of knowledge, if it does not change the way we act?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The knowledge of God is a sacred pursuit.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Openness to change is key to implementing new knowledge. That is why one who is indifferent to change is not a friend of knowledge.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“It is of the very nature of partial seeing that we cannot see all the reconciliation of the parts we see, because it is only in the whole that they are one, and we do not see the whole. The word we form cannot wholly express God: only the Word He generates can do that. To be irked at this necessary darkness is as though we were irked at not being God.”
― Frank Sheed, Theology and Sanity

“If, years later, I do use the slit detector to observe which way the electron went, it will mean that many years earlier the electron must have passed through one slit or the other. But if I don't use the "slit detector," then the electron must have passed through both slits. This is, of course, extremely weird. My actions at the beginning of the twenty-first century can change what happened thousands of years ago when the electron began its journey. It seems that just as there are multiple futures, there are also multiple pasts, and my acts of observation in the present can decide what happened in the past. As much as it challenges any hope of ever really knowing the future, quantum physics asks whether I can ever really know the past. It seems that the past is also in a superposition of possibilities that crystallize only once they are observed.”
― Marcus du Sautoy, The Great Unknown: Seven Journeys to the Frontiers of Science

“Holding a precious book meant to Mendel what an assignment with a woman might to another man. These moments were his platonic nights of love. Books had power over him; money never did. Great collectors, including the founder of a collection in Princeton University Library, tried in vain to recruit him as an adviser and buyer for their libraries—Jakob Mendel declined; no one could imagine him anywhere but in the Café Gluck. Thirty-three years ago, when his beard was still soft and black and he had ringlets over his forehead, he had come from the east to Vienna, a crook-backed lad, to study for the rabbinate, but he had soon abandoned Jehovah the harsh One God to give himself up to idolatry in the form of the brilliant, thousand-fold polytheism of books. That was when he had first found his way to the Café Gluck, and gradually it became his workplace, his headquarters, his post office, his world. Like an astronomer alone in his observatory, studying myriads of stars every night through the tiny round lens of the telescope, observing their mysterious courses, their wandering multitude as they are extinguished and then appear again, so Jakob Mendel looked through his glasses out from that rectangular table into the other universe of books, also eternally circling and being reborn in that world above our own.”
― Stefan Zweig, The Collected Stories of Stefan Zweig

“Three things have a limited threshold:
Time, pain, and death.
While truth, love, and knowledge –
Are boundless.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Keep in mind my friend, if an answer is not rational, then it is not an answer, but a delusion.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting

“Not even knowledge takes all the strangeness from the world”
― Sarah Perry, The Essex Serpent

“That's a rhetorical question, and trying to answer rhetorical questions instead of being cowed by them is a good habit to cultivate.”
― Daniel C. Dennett, From Bacteria to Bach and Back: The Evolution of Minds

“Your own shortcomings are the best ground to grow your sense of humor.”
― Stu Konigsberg

“If the shrike did not eat the grasshoppers, then the grasshoppers would eat all the grass, and there would be none left for the deer...and the deer are food for the tiger. Life in the jungle is a giant spiderweb; if you touch one strand, it will vibrate at the other end. We cannot separate nature into good and bad, Rita. The gods do not will it so.”
― Eric Dinerstein, What Elephants Know

“Our task is to learn, to become God-like through knowledge. We know so little. You are here to be my teacher. I have so much to learn. By knowledge we approach God, and then we can rest. Then we come back to teach and help others.”
― Brian L. Weiss, Many Lives, Many Masters: The True Story of a Prominent Psychiatrist, His Young Patient, and the Past Life Therapy That Changed Both Their Lives

“I'm sorry There are some jokes you cannot understand until you have been a fool many, many years and thought yourself finally cured and then found out that you had just become a different kind of fool.”
― Robert Anton Wilson, The Earth Will Shake: The History of the Early Illuminati

“Where there is lack of ‘Gnan’ (Knowledge and experience of the Self; real Knowledge) there is worldly existence and where there is ‘Gnan’ (Real Knowledge), there is no worldly existence.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Worship without ‘Gnan’ [True Knowledge] will give material pleasures in the world and worship accompanied by ‘Gnan’ [True Knowledge] is known as ‘Gnan’ [True Knowledge] which gives the result of moksha [ultimate liberation].”
― Dada Bhagwan

“We can never have Knowledge (Gnan) without worship (bhakti). Such knowledge would be considered shushka-gnan [unproductive knowledge]. It cannot be considered True Knowledge.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“People take worship (bhakti) into the relative plane. They consider singing religious songs as worship. Worship [bhakti] can never be without knowledge (gnan). Worship will make one become the one who he worships.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Intent of complete surrender (devotion) is worship itself. Complete surrender with (full understanding and real) knowledge is a very high level of worship. Even the surrender done with relative knowledge (ignorance of one’s own real self) can be called worship.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“The essence of the world is Sachchidanand [sat-chit-anand, eternal knowledge and vision leads to bliss].”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Where there is no Sachchidanand [sat-chit-anand, eternal knowledge and vision leading to bliss], there is night (darkness).”
― Dada Bhagwan

“In saying the word ‘Sachchidanand’ [sat-chit-anand, eternal knowledge and vision leading to bliss], it has great ‘effect’. There is an ‘effect’ even when it is said without the understanding [of it’s meaning]. When it is said with the understanding, there is tremendous benefit. Saying these words produces vibrations and everything churns. Everything is ‘Scientific’.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“It is Vitaraag vignan [the Spiritual Science of the Enlightened Ones] to look at gain, and to see losses is the knowledge of worldly wanderings.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“You have to recognize the Knowledge of the Gnanis’ [the enlightened ones]. You have to recognize the world from the perspective of love (prem swaroop).”
― Dada Bhagwan

“To see from all the “view points”; is called ‘Gnan’ [True Knowledge].”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Gnan’ [True Knowledge, Knowledge of one’s own self], is freedom itself. It keeps one in Moksha [liberated state] and prevents [karmic] bondage.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Gnan [True Knowledge] means the Guru's experiential talks.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“That which comes forth, is present and cautions at all times is called ‘Gnan’ (Eternal knowledge). That indeed is the Soul [Our True Self]. The Soul is not separate from the Knowledge.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Worldly knowledge (laukik gnan) is called illusion (bhranti).”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Worldly knowledge (laukik gnan) is understood through the intellect (buddhi). Knowledge of that which is beyond the world (alaukik gnan) cannot be understood through the intellect. That is understood through ‘Gnan’ [Knowledge of the Real Self].”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Worldly things (laukik) are perceived through the senses (indriya-gamya). That, which is beyond the world (alaukik), is perceived [through the knowledge which is] beyond the senses (atindriya-gamya).”
― Dada Bhagwan

“When one gathers all the books of all worldly religions, when one beholds (dharan) them, then the phenomenon of religious upholding (dharma dharan) occurs. When that religious upholding becomes 100% strong, then the essence [marma] begins to manifest. When the essence becomes 100% strong, then the extract of the Knowledge [gnanark] begins to manifest. Here, we make you ‘drink’ (absorb) directly, the ‘Extract of the Knowledge’.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“The one whose ‘alochana (confession of mistakes), pratikraman (asking for forgiveness) and pratyakhyan (avowal to never repeat the mistake)’ are true (done correctly), he is bound to attain the knowledge of the Self (attain self realization).”
― Dada Bhagwan

“People in the world ask for forgiveness, but [true] ‘pratikraman’ does not happen by doing that. That is like when people casually say ‘sorry’ or ‘thank you’. There is no significance in that; the significance is of ‘alochana-pratikraman-pratyakhyan’ (acknowledgement of the mistake, repentance and asking for forgiveness for the mistake, remorse and avowal not to repeat the mistake, respectively).”
― Dada Bhagwan

“When can one’s soul acknowledge (accept)? When one has an ‘open mind’. This [Akram Vignan] is not something one has to keep faith in. Faith should arise automatically. Regardless of whether I rebuke or scold you, even then faith should come within you.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“The entire world is surviving only due to ‘beliefs’, not because of ‘Knowledge’ (Gnan). Every human being is (living) only because of beliefs.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“A person is a scholar as long as he seeks knowledge. Once he thinks he knows, only then he becomes an ignorant.”
― Prophet Mohammed

“The whole world reacts negatively to loss. What wrong has loss done? If you ask God if he has any profit or loss, then God would tell you, 'You are looking at it from an illusory viewpoint, you are seeing ‘relative’ and that is why you see everything as a profit or loss. I see through Real knowledge’.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Nature doesn’t need knowledge, because nature is knowledge, knowledge manifest.”
― Martin Pretchel

“...[R]eal wisdom is the property of God, and... human wisdom has little or no value.”
― Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.

“Your business values can make you soar above the competition.”
― Doris Perdue-Johnson

“The best way to determine the Values you will enforce in your business is to clarify your personal values.”
― Doris P. Johnson

“I went to interview a man with a high reputation for wisdom, because I felt that here if anywhere I should succeed in disproving the oracle and pointing out to my divine authority 'You said that I was the wisest of men, but here is a man who is wiser than I am.' Well, I gave a thorough examination to this person... and in conversation with him I formed the impression that although in many people's opinion, and especially in his own, he appeared to be wise, in fact he was not. Then when I began to try to show him that he only thought he was wise and was not really so, my efforts were resented both by him and by many of the other people present. However, I reflected as I walked away: 'Well, I am certainly wiser than this man. It is only too likely that neither of us has any knowledge to boast of; but he thinks that he knows something which he does not know, whereas I am quite conscious of my ignorance. At any rate it seems that I am wiser than he is to this small extent, that I do not think that I know what I do not know... [A]s I pursued my investigation at the god's command,... my honest impression was... that the people with the greatest reputations were almost entirely deficient, while others who were supposed to be their inferiors were much better qualified in practical intelligence.”
― Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.

“...[T]hese people... are my dangerous accusers; because those who hear them suppose that anyone who inquires into such matters... theories about the heavens... and everything below the earth... must be an atheist.”
― Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.

“Your Core Values are the "glue" that holds your business together.”
― Doris P. Johnson

“This ‘Knowledge’ manifested in 1958! That day I became a ‘Gnani’ (the enlightened one)! The day before that, ‘I’ too was agnani (ignorant of the Self), wasn’t I?”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Circumstances will change but (True) Knowledge [Gnan] will not change.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“That which the entire world regards as ‘mine’, it is [really] ‘not mine’; this Knowledge itself is the Self, the Soul.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“There are two types of knowledge. One is about what is right and wrong, what is helpful and harmful in this world, and the second is about the path to final Liberation (Moksha). The one who attains the knowledge about Moksha will indeed get the knowledge about what is helpful and harmful in the world. Or else, there should be saints around who know about what is helpful and harmful in this world.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“To have seen something means it has come into one’s understanding. To have known something means it has come into one’s knowledge. There is a vast difference between ‘seeing’ and ‘knowing’.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“There are three types of talks: 1. Knowledge based talks. 2. Intellect-based talks 3. Talks void of intellect. The world is running as a result of these three types of talks. Intellectuals will find intellect-void-talks as being incorrect. Those void of intellect will find intellect based talks to be incorrect. And where there are talks with Knowledge (Gnan), there is no such thing as correct or incorrect.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“What is the definition of Gnan [true knowledge]? It is that which must be present without fail when needed. Who should be the one imparting this Knowledge? It is not acceptable coming from any ordinary person. It must be from one whose speech has power (vachanbad), so that it will be present when needed. The Gnan [Knowledge] has to present itself, otherwise the work cannot be accomplished.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“As long as one is the doer of the actions, there is agnan [all other knowledge other than one’s own true self, wordly knowledge]. Agnan is the cause for the worldly life.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Reality is mainly based on knowledge, what you do not know doesn't exist to you. Above all get knowledge and wisdom.”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“The ‘information’ one receives from within, shows credit [punya] and debit [paap] karmas. All the Knowledge-Vision is present within. Everything can be Known from within but only as long as you do not create obstructions. If you were to cross-over [violate] it, then the ‘information’ will stop coming through.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“The actions carried out with ignorance of the Self [agnan bhaav, ignorance intent] is all bondage. Every action done with the awareness of I am pure Soul [gnan bhaav, knowledge intent], will grant liberation.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Only Gnan (Knowledge of the Self) will give liberation. All other instruments (& practices) create bondage.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“When someone picks the Gnani Purush’s [the enlightened one’s] ‘pocket’, how does the Gnani Purush’’ look at it? “Very well! This amount is now credited to my account”! Money spent for the home is money down the drain. How can anyone ‘see’ this [fact] with the narrow inner intent of ‘mine and yours’? With an all encompassing [broader] intent, one will see ‘as it is’, that is called ‘Gnan’ [Knowledge].”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Unity does not exist in the world. Only when the Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] grants moksha [liberation], does unity arise. Unity cannot prevail without Gnan [knowledge of the self].”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Samkit (enlightened view; right belief) is not Knowledge (Gnan); it is an understanding.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Even the slightest criticism of others is an impediment (hindrance) to Absolute Knowledge (Kevalgnan, Absolute Enlightenment). It also hinders Atmagnan (Knowledge of the Self), also hinders Samkit (Self-realization).”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Vitarag’s [the enlightened one’s] 'water' (knowledge) will remove any kind of (karmic) 'stains'.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“There are two aspects to this world; even though it is fickle, it is within principle. Through the medium of the five senses and intellectual knowledge, it appears fickle and through ‘Gnan’ (Real Knowledge) it appears to be within principle.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Where there is competition, one cannot attain (true) 'Knowledge'.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“when you know more than you know, there's more to know”
― Nivu

“The widespread success of science is too significant
an issue to be treated as if it were a happy accident that we are
free to enjoy without enquiring more deeply into why this is
the case. Critical realist achievements of this kind cannot be a
matter of logical generality, something that one would expect
to be attainable in all possible worlds. Rather, they are an ex-
perientially confirmed aspect of the particularity of the world
in which we live and of the kind of beings that we are. Achiev-
ing scientific success is a specific ability possessed by human-
kind, exercised in the kind of universe that we inhabit. I believe
that a full understanding of this remarkable human capacity
for scientific discovery ultimately requires the insight that our
power in this respect is the gift of the universe’s Creator who,
in that ancient and powerful phrase, has made humanity in the
image of God (Genesis 1:26–27).”
― John Polkinghorne, Quantum Physics and Theology: An Unexpected Kinship

“No knowledge about self is self-slavery!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration

“The knowledge, which makes you ‘emotional’, is worldly awareness. True awareness does not make you ‘emotional’.”
― Dada Bhagwan

“Often-times, grass was more useful than gold. Man was more desirable than a beast. Chance was more seductive than knowledge, and eternal life was completely meaningless without love.”
― Amy Harmon, The Bird and the Sword

“The people’s silence is a tyrant’s greatest advocate. The less captives talked, the less they knew; the less they knew, the more they feared; and the more they feared, the more easily others could manipulate them to their own ends, the more easily the captives could be controlled.”
― John Kramer, Blythe

“Ignorance is the root of many ills. Knowledge must be the fundamental ally of nations that aspire, despite all their tragedies and problems, to become truly emancipated, to build a better world.”
― Fidel Castro, My Life: A Spoken Autobiography

“He who would know the world must first manufacture it.”
― Immanuel Kant, Opus Postumum

“In some sort of crude sense, which no vulgarity, no humor, no overstatement can quite extinguish, the physicists have known sin; and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose.”
― J. Robert Oppenheimer

“We humans, through old habits, and because of the inherent structure of human knowledge have a tendency to make static, definite, and, in a way, absolutistic one-valued statements. But when we fight absolutism, we quite often establish, instead, some other dogma equally silly and harmful. For instance, an active atheist is psycho-logically as unsound as a rabid theist.”
― Alfred Korzybski, Science and Sanity: An Introduction to Non-Aristotelian Systems and General Semantics

“Transforming the complex to the simple is pure genius.”
― Doris P. Johnson

“Your mission or purpose is like a magnet that keeps you moving is a well established direction”
― Doris P. Johnson

“Open thy mind; take in what I explain and keep it there; because to understand is not to know, if thou dost not retain...”
― Dante Alighieri, Paradiso

“Evidence is always partial. Facts are not truth, though they are part of it – information is not knowledge. And history is not the past – it is the method we have evolved of organising our ignorance of the past. It’s the record of what’s left on the record. It’s the plan of the positions taken, when we to stop the dance to note them down. It’s what’s left in the sieve when the centuries have run through it – a few stones, scraps of writing, scraps of cloth. It is no more “the past” than a birth certificate is a birth, or a script is a performance, or a map is a journey. It is the multiplication of the evidence of fallible and biased witnesses, combined with incomplete accounts of actions not fully understood by the people who performed them. It’s no more than the best we can do, and often it falls short of that.”
― Hilary Mantel

“In the world of personal development and spiritual growth, a seeker embarks on a path of self-discovery and self-improvement. A seeker desires to discover knowledge and use an enhanced level of personal awareness to alter their behavior, opinions, beliefs, and point of view in order to experience reality in a different and more wholesome manner than the prior path that lead to self-rejection.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Real education is never acquisition of knowledge but training of character.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“In my school, no consideration is given to anything unreasonable; the heart of the matter is to use the power of the knowledge of martial arts to gain victory any way you can.”
― Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings

“He who knows ignorance well shall least know understanding well; he who knows understanding well shall surely know and understand ignorance well”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah

“To have the wisdom is rarely achieved by seeking the knowledge.”
― Will Advise

“To fix hearts one must know one's own.”
― Will Advise

“The more we know, the more we grief.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I think the essence of wisdom is emancipation, as far as possible, from the tyranny of the here and now.”
― Bertrand Russell

“As muscles waste with no gravity or strain so is our minds when there is no mental challenge or substance to digest”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“Reality is based mainly on knowledge, what you do not know doesn't exit for you.”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“Many people come and go,
knowing not why they ever did so.
A miserable thing can it be -
unconscious of why thy Creator made thee.”
― James Bergson

“What we need to know can only be experienced.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“...[M]oral instruction, although containing much that is convincing for the reason, ...accomplishes... little... [because] the teachers themselves have not got their own notions clear, and when they endeavor to make up for this by raking up motives of moral goodness from every quarter, trying to make their physic right strong, they spoil it.”
― Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals

“You know what I'm sick of? Using my brain. All day long it's people and words and stress and meetings and books that you don't remember you're not really into until you open them on the train home and compromise and sometimes I just want to look at a picture of a dress. Followed by a picture of some cupcakes. And then a kitten.”
― Robyn Wilder

“the problem of a worker in today’s knowledge industry is not the scarcity of information but its excess. … In order to learn anything, we need time. And to make time we must use information filters allowing us to ignore most of the information aimed at us. We must ignore much to learn a little.”
― philosopher Mario Bunge

“The commencement of God’s emanation stars from the physical sheath. Life-power of the emanated God from the body undergoes transformations in His sportive forms in five sheaths or seven plans. Then follows the attainment of the Supreme Knowledge. The Ascent ends here. The Descent starts now and knowledge of ‘I-am-not-but-thou’ prevails.”
― Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond

“The man who discovers new knowledge is the permanent benefactor of humanity.”
― Ayn Rand

“What is knowledge, if it does to shape our conduct?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Comedy doesn't makes your IQ higher....

...

Read Science... and don't re-read books for higher IQ!”
― Deyth Banger

“Knowledge causes depression and a lot of pressure.”
― Deyth Banger

“Not everyone who talks less or keeps quiet whenever they are with or around you does that because they find you interesting or knowledgeable; some people do that because they find you boring or ignorant.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“It's hard to know what's right in this life,' she said. 'We do what we can, but what we really need is mercy. Do you know who taught me that?' A grin. 'You.”
― Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark

“Only the learned read old books, and... now... they are of all men the least likely to acquire wisdom by doing so. ...[G]reat scholars are now as little nourished by the past as the most ignorant mechanic who holds that "history is bunk..." [for] ...when a learned man is presented with any statement in an ancient author, the one question he never asks is whether it is true. He asks who influenced the ancient writer, and how far the statement is consistent with what he said in other books, and what phase in the writer's development, or in the general history of thought, it illustrates, and how it affected later writers, and how often it has been misunderstood (specially by the learned man's colleagues) and what the general course of criticism on it has been for the last ten years, and what is the "present state of the question." To regard the ancient writer as a possible source of knowledge-to anticipate that what he said could possibly modify your thoughts or your behavior-this would be rejected as unutterably simple-minded. ... [Therefore, even though] learning makes a free commerce between the ages... every generation [is cut] off from all others... [and] ...characteristic errors of one [are not] corrected by the characteristic truths of another.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters

“If I knew then what I know now
I guess it'd make no difference;
Fate's sure in the way somehow.
What's important is the essence.
Although we still have free will
We also have a whole lot to deal.”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual

“In general, people accumulate knowledge gradually over a long period of time. However, there are extraordinary people all around us, who are capable of accumulating impressive amounts of knowledge within a relatively short period of time. Nevertheless, even the greatest genius possesses only a small fraction of all knowledge known by mankind. Finally, the following question arises: how large is all the existing knowledge in comparison to the space of ignorance?”
― Eraldo Banovac

“You have a lot to explore beyond this cottage if you want to know everything about the world. Explore until your heart is full, Belle. And then explore some more.”
― Random House Disney, Belle's Discovery

“Sufism," according to the Sufi, "is an adventure in living, necessary adventure.”
― Idries Shah, The Sufis

“فكرت في أن الشجرة المحرمة لم تكن شجرة المعرفة بل شجرة الأحلام، وحاولت أن أكتشف الصلة بين الأحلام والمعرفة، كلاهما واعد يشعرنا بالنهم، والمعرفة وليدة حلم طموح. كانت هناك صلات بين الاثنين، وفي النهاية قررت أن أكتفي بالمعرفة وأتوقف عن الأحلام، فلربما أكون جشعاً إذا ما رغبت في أن أمتلك الإثنين معاً.”
― جلجامش نبيل, Gilgamesh Nabeel, صراع الأقنعة

“The Lord commands us to learn and discover all we can in this life. There's nothing wrong with wanting to know the mysteries of outer space or the latent powers of the mind. The problem comes when we desire to use that knowledge for our own gratification, rather than to build the kingdom of God... It's an unwise habit to use knowledge to further personal ends. Truth should never be used as a means to make us prisoners. It was meant to make us free.”
― Chris Heimerdinger, Gadiantons and the Silver Sword

“I would like to think of my 'ignorance' less as a personal failing and more as a massive cultural trend, an example of doubling, of psychic numbing, that characterizes the end of the millennium. If we can’t act on knowledge, then we can’t survive without ignorance.”
― Ruth Ozeki, My Year of Meats

“The Lord commands us to learn and discover all we can in this life. There's nothing wrong with wanting to know the mysteries of outer space or the latent powers of the mind. The problem comes when we desire to use that knowledge for our own gratification, rather than to build the kingdom of God.”
― Chris Heimerdinger, Gadiantons and the Silver Sword

“There are too many literati, yet very few are smart; knowledge is acquired far too easily.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms

“To satisfy our doubts . . . it is necessary that a method should be found by which our beliefs may be determined by nothing human, but by some external permanency -- by something upon which our thinking has no effect. . . . Our external permanency would not be external, in our sense, if it was restricted in its influence to one individual. It must be something which affects, or might affect, every man. And, though these affections are necessarily as various as are individual conditions, yet the method must be such that the ultimate conclusion of every man shall be the same. Such is the method of science. Its fundamental hypothesis, restated in more familiar language, is this: There are Real things, whose characters are entirely independent of our opinions about them; those Reals affect our senses according to regular laws, and, though our sensations are as different as are our relations to the objects, yet, by taking advantage of the laws of perception, we can ascertain by reasoning how things really and truly are; and any man, if he have sufficient experience and he reason enough about it, will be led to the one True conclusion. The new conception here involved is that of Reality.”
― Charles Sanders Peirce, The Fixation of Belief

“The more you realize, the more you realize there is nothing to realize. The idea that there's somewhere we have got to get to, and something we have to attain, is our basic delusion.”
― Tenzin Palmo

“The books you have read and the knowledge and inspiration you have gained can never be taken away from you.”
― Paula Gruben

“Shallow intellect is worse than ignorance. Ignorance can be treated with knowledge, but shallow intellect, that is illusion of knowledge, is untreatable and quite dangerous to the progress and wellbeing of humanity.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality

“Perfect understanding of the infinite requires limitless intellectual capacity; our undivided attention is better suited for humbler aspirations.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“Science is the human endeavor to elevate the self and the society from the darkness of ignorance into the light of wisdom.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Earning is a product of learning. You're only one letter away from earning more.”
― Richie Norton

“The ultimate aim of assimilating knowledge is to create new ideas or gain wisdom.”
― Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone's Playbook to Unlock Creativity

“He often said that knowledge is the brightest jewel in a queen’s crown. And if my mother was about, she would never fail to add, ‘when tempered by wisdom. Knowledge without comprehension is worse than ignorance.”
― Mereda Hart Farynyk, Daughter of the Rain

“Wanasayansi wanaamini kuwa Yesu atarudi tarehe 29 Julai 2016. Tarehe hiyo kitu kikubwa sana kitatokea katika dunia yetu kitakachosababisha tetemeko kubwa la ardhi, litakalosababishwa na kubadilika kwa ncha za dunia, tendo litakalosababisha mionzi ya gama kutoka kwenye jua ifike duniani na kuua kila kitu kinachoonekana katika uso wa dunia hii. Watakatifu watafufuka na kumlaki Kristo mawinguni, ambaye anakuja kuwachukua wateule na kumweka Shetani kifungoni kwa miaka 1000. Hayo yote, wanasema, yatatokea ndani ya siku 11 kuanzia leo. Yaani, kusini mwa dunia kutakuwa kaskazini mwa dunia, kaskazini mwa dunia kutakuwa kusini mwa dunia.

Kitendo hicho kitafanya dunia ikose kinga ya sumaku iitwayo ‘magnetosphere’ ambayo hukinga dunia dhidi ya mionzi ya gama kutoka kwenye jua. Mionzi hiyo hugonga ukuta wa ‘magnetosphere’ kila baada ya dakika 8 kwa mwendokasi wa kilometa milioni 1080 kwa saa; na kusambazwa katika ncha za dunia ambapo aghalabu huchanganyikana na oksijeni na kutengeneza kitu kinaitwa ‘aurora’, au mwanga wa ncha, ambacho ni maajabu mengine ya angani. Mwaka 2012 wanasayansi walisema ncha za dunia zingebadilika lakini hazikubadilika. Je, muda umefika sasa wa kuwaamini wanasayansi? Biblia ni chuo cha Mungu. Soma Biblia kupata maarifa.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Ukiwa karibu na Mungu utakuwa na maarifa kuliko profesa, Mungu ana maarifa kuliko profesa.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Store up knowledge. Then question your own knowledge in order to expand your mind, both to build and to create more space. Then store up more knowledge. And so on. That is wisdom.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Doğru bilinci doğru bilgi kurar”
― Mustafa İslamoğlu, Üç Muhammed

“Use two-way communication on oral exams to check the students' knowledge, not their attitudes. Checking attitudes can lead to the slippery area of subjective assessment.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Det förflutna, som är mitt och Johannes Lupigis och andras, börjar lagra upp sig framför mig såsom en framtid, vilken jag skall genomtränga. Det förflutna lagrar på det sättet upp sig framför oss alla. Vi står och trampar i detta och måste genomtränga det för att få kunskap. Vi har genomlevt - eller uppslukat - en del av det och nu måste vi genomtränga och svälja det igen för att bli fria genom kunskapen om hur det var. Så är antagligen kunskapslagen, vägen till erfarenhetens förvärv, har diakonen Anselmus sagt.”
― Eyvind Johnson, The Days of His Grace

“your lack of knowledge may not for you but surely it is dangerous for your child because you cannot teach them which you your self do not know”
― Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"

“Usipofanya kazi kwa bidii na maarifa utaendelea kuuliza Mbagala tupande daladala gani, badala ya kuuliza Mbagala tupite njia gani.”
― Enock Maregesi

“It never ceased to amaze me how she just had the facts always, in her head. It occured to me that if, or when, she died, a whole load of facts, a body of knowledge, might disappear without a trace.”
― Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy

“The kind of lies that someone tells us gives us an idea of how stupid, knowledgeable, intelligent, or ignorant they are … or they think we are.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“...sometimes it's best not to know, because even when you know, it doesn't matter anyway. Ignorance is bliss. Knowledge is often a responsibility nobody wants.”
― Cecelia Ahern, Flawed

“You can't reign in obscurity; you can't shine in your comfort zone.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“I know more than I know and must learn it from myself.”
― Marilynne Robinson, Gilead

“Some social ills are preserved by the common misbelief that things such as ignorance, greed, and stupidity do not have the stamina required to reach old age.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“A wise man is humble, knowing he actually doesn't know much.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Personal life, expression, knowledge, and history advance obliquely, and not directly, toward ends or toward concepts. That which is sought too deliberately is not obtained.”
― Maurice Merleau-Ponty

“You cannot do everything by yourself, you need to learn how to delegate responsibility and trust people that everything will be done on time and with highest quality”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Perfection is just an opinion, but the only way anyone will ever reach perfection is through one 'man' who is Jesus Christ. Many have come against him and have passive aggressively felt tall in his imperfections but will forever fall short of his eternal glory. To compare oneself to our God who has given us all life, opportunity, and free will and to use it to gloat over him is a huge mistake that will be paid maybe not in the current life but most definitely in the eternal life. It is much simpler to live up to his standard than to try and forge our own. We are forever changing and yet he has always remained the same.”
― Julian Quintero

“I always knew I was born to do great things. I just didn't know I wouldn't be able to see where I was going.”
― Julian Quintero

“Henry, there’s something I would like to tell you, for what it’s worth, something I wish I had been told years ago. You’ve been a consultant for a long time, and you’ve dealt a great deal with top secret information. But you’re about to receive a whole slew of special clearances, maybe fifteen or twenty of them, that are higher than top secret.

I’ve had a number of these myself, and I’ve known other people who have just acquired them, and I have a pretty good sense of what the effects of receiving these clearances are on a person who didn’t previously know they even existed. And the effects of reading the information that they will make available to you.

First, you’ll be exhilarated by some of this new information, and by having it all—so much! incredible!—suddenly available to you. But second, almost as fast, you will feel like a fool for having studied, written, talked about these subjects, criticized and analyzed decisions made by presidents for years without having known of the existence of all this information, which presidents and others had and you didn’t, and which must have influenced their decisions in ways you couldn’t even guess. In particular, you’ll feel foolish for having literally rubbed shoulders for over a decade with some officials and consultants who did have access to all this information you didn’t know about and didn’t know they had, and you’ll be stunned that they kept that secret from you so well.

You will feel like a fool, and that will last for about two weeks. Then, after you’ve started reading all this daily intelligence input and become used to using what amounts to whole libraries of hidden information, which is much more closely held than mere top secret data, you will forget there ever was a time when you didn’t have it, and you’ll be aware only of the fact that you have it now and most others don’t … and that all those other people are fools.

Over a longer period of time—not too long, but a matter of two or three years—you’ll eventually become aware of the limitations of this information. There is a great deal that it doesn’t tell you, it’s often inaccurate, and it can lead you astray just as much as the New York Times can. But that takes a while to learn.

In the meantime it will have become very hard for you to learn from anybody who doesn’t have these clearances. Because you’ll be thinking as you listen to them: “What would this man be telling me if he knew what I know? Would he be giving me the same advice, or would it totally change his predictions and recommendations?” And that mental exercise is so torturous that after a while you give it up and just stop listening. I’ve seen this with my superiors, my colleagues … and with myself.

You will deal with a person who doesn’t have those clearances only from the point of view of what you want him to believe and what impression you want him to go away with, since you’ll have to lie carefully to him about what you know. In effect, you will have to manipulate him. You’ll give up trying to assess what he has to say. The danger is, you’ll become something like a moron. You’ll become incapable of learning from most people in the world, no matter how much experience they may have in their particular areas that may be much greater than yours.”
― Greg Grandin, Kissinger's Shadow: The Long Reach of America's Most Controversial Statesman

“Don't look with your eyes.
Don't think with your mind.
Know with your heart.”
― Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One

“Learning becomes the knowledge builder and we can define learning through the information it absorbs and the capability it builds.”
― Pearl Zhu, Digital Gaps: Bridging Multiple Gaps to Run Cohesive Digital Business

“They had never previously been obliged to engage in such mental effort, and it gave them headaches. However, although the aim of their quest forever eluded them, they ended up finding its outline. If not the thing itself, then at least its shadow.
They debated at length on all that referred to it and, to their great surprise, realised that they were already perfectly aware of what they had been looking for. They had always been privy to the main point, the first principle, of the pyramid's raison-d'être, except that it had lain in their minds in a pre-verbal, indeed in an unthinking state. The papyri of the archives had only draped it in words and in meaning. Insofar as a shadow can be draped.”
― Ismail Kadare, The Pyramid

“The belief in their actions can mend constellations. The ambition in their thirst for knowledge can both create and destroy.”
― F.K. Preston

“I know what I know and what I don't know... I will find out.”
― Kendall F. Person

“Now if we only knew what it means to know, we would be conscious.”
― Atom Tate

“Facts are relative to the knowledge man possesses at the present time. Truth however, is absolute and transcends the present, past, and future times. The relationship between Truth and Facts is that facts are not always the Truth, but Truth is always a Fact.”
― Atom Tate

“If don’t want to be eliminated, you must be innovative. Update your knowledge and you won’t be outmoded.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You

“Writing in the first person helps to make clear the author's role in constructing rather than discovering the story/knowledge.”
― Gayle Letherby , Feminist Research in Theory and Practice

“Your goal must be divided into smallest measurable and visible period of time- a day, so you know exactly what to do everyday”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Worldly ambition inhibits true learning. Ask me. I know. A young man in a hurry is nearly uneducable: He knows what he wants and where he’s headed; when it comes to looking back or entertaining heretical thoughts, he has neither the time nor the inclination. All that counts is that he is going somewhere. Only as ambition wanes does education become a possibility.”
― Andrew J. Bacevich, Washington Rules: America's Path to Permanent War

“Often, we only dream of something but do not fulfill our purpose and that is because we do not know how to go from dream to its fulfilment”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Knowledge shall set the mind free.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality

“Truth in the human world, is constructed, defined and then reconstructed by the human self.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality

“Know thy self, and the world will be thy oyster!”
― Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism

“Feed two birds with one crumb.”
― Mischa Temaul

“I've tried to solve problems to the best of my knowledge. Many times I was successful, but sometimes I also failed. And now I finally understand – that's life.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“When God asks a question, it is always rhetorical.”
― Ron Brackin

“Names and knowledge change, the way the turning
world brings color or deep shadows, without a sound
even as soft as the twist of a key in a lock.”
― Jeannine Atkins, Finding Wonders: Three Girls Who Changed Science

“When left alone, quantum particles behave as multiple images of themselves (as waves, really), simultaneously moving through all possible paths in space and time. Now, again, why do we not experience this multitude around ourselves? Is it because we are probing things around us all the time? Why do all experiments that involve, say, the position of a particle make the particle suddenly be somewhere rather than everywhere? No one knows. Before you probe it, a particle is a wave of possibilities. After you've probed it, it is somewhere, and subsequently it is somewhere for ever, rather than everywhere again. Strange, that. Nothing, within the laws of quantum physics, allows for such a collapse to happen. It is an experimental mystery and a theoretical one. Quantum physics stipulates that whenever something is there, it can transform into something else, of course, but it cannot disappear. And since quantum physics allows for multiple possibilities simultaneously, these possibilities should then keep existing, even after a measurement is made. But they don't. Every possibility but one vanishes. We do not see any of the others around us. We live in a classical world, where everything is based on quantum laws but nothing resembles the quantum world.”
― Christophe Galfard, The Universe in Your Hand: A Journey Through Space, Time, and Beyond

“We have inherited from our forefathers the keen
longing for unified, all-embracing knowledge.”
― Erwin Schrödinger, What Is Life? with Mind and Matter and Autobiographical Sketches

“Progress daily in your own uncertainty. Live in awareness of the questions.”
― Bremer Acosta, Stoic Practice

“There is a fine line between stubbornness and stupidity as well as intensity and insanity.”
― Brittany Burgunder

“The very small quantum world, it seems, is a mixture of possibilities. The quantum fields to which all particles belong are the sum of these possibilities and, somehow, one possibility is chosen out of all the existing ones just by seeing it, just by the very act of detecting it, whenever one tries to probe a particle's nature. Nobody knows why or how this happens.”
― Christophe Galfard, The Universe in Your Hand: A Journey Through Space, Time, and Beyond

“See, you’ve got to understand, son. There’s two types of guys in this world. There’s guys . . . who think they’re in control, and guys like us who live in the moment. Who accept life as it is.”
― Brent Jones, The Fifteenth of June

“I lost someone close to me once . . . Taught me to live in the moment. Life is short, you know?”
― Brent Jones, The Fifteenth of June

“I gave up drinking before my twentieth birthday. I haven’t touched the stuff since. And I’ve discovered that not everyone who does horrible things is a horrible person.”
― Brent Jones, The Fifteenth of June

“It’s like you’re always living in your head. . . . Relax and appreciate your surroundings a little.”
― Brent Jones, The Fifteenth of June

“Usually, when people get an idea, they are eager to start acting immediately, immerse themselves in the process without creating a system of actions, without being knowledgeable of the matter, without analyzing and estimating everything beforehand”
― Sunday Adelaja

“A lack of knowledge always leads to defeat and destruction”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Knowledge will help you to solve any problem”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The knowledge of the purpose of the success that you receive by grace in every area will keep us from pride and the love of money”
― Sunday Adelaja

“People who desire to acquire success need to have knowledge”
― Sunday Adelaja

“A good education must expose knowledge gaps and increase the hunger for further inquiries.
A good education is not complete.”
― Magnus Nwagu Amudi

“Specific knowledge is needed in every work, if we want to have success”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The only obstacle is the absence of the knowledge in our minds of the wisdom of God that is able to move any mountain”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The reason for the absence of success in your life is not due to the lack of money, but to not having enough knowledge of the principles of success”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The absence of specific knowledge about success is the reason why your journey along the path to success has been halted”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The wisdom of God and the knowledge of His spiritual principles are accessible to the sons of God”
― Sunday Adelaja

“We have to continually grow in the knowledge of Christ, in order to avoid every limitation of our human understanding, and allow the Lordship of God’s information, which is hidden in His wisdom”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Out there, there is some kinda genius person... I am talking about Sherlock Holmes... First very fast talking + in the same full of knowledge.”
― Deyth Banger

“The more we know, the deeper we will understand our topic, so it will be easier to implement it”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Very frequently we only dream and do so because we do not know how to go from a dream to fulfilment”
― Sunday Adelaja

“I don’t know how – it is a question of process”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Only a very foolish person would think that specialized knowledge is important in everything apart from agriculture and farming”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The person who knows his calling will not be embarrassed in front of great and famous people because he knows who he is, and he knows the purpose of his life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You must know what you need to do every day to carry out your mission”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You must learn to see everything around yourself as a resources, your opportunities, and turn them into your weapons to get them working in your favor, in order to achieve your goal”
― Sunday Adelaja

“It is not the obstacles that is the mountain ;but it is our lack of knowledge of how to deal with the obstacles and how to overcome it”
― Sunday Adelaja

“WONDERLAND

It is a person's unquenchable thirst for wonder
That sets them on their initial quest for truth.
The more doors you open, the smaller you become.
The more places you see and the more people you meet,
The greater your curiosity grows.
The greater your curiosity, the more you will wander.
The more you wander, the greater the wonder.
The more you quench your thirst for wonder,
The more you drink from the cup of life.
The more you see and experience, the closer to truth you become.
The more languages you learn, the more truths you can unravel.
And the more countries you travel, the greater your understanding.
And the greater your understanding, the less you see differences.
And the more knowledge you gain, the wider your perspective,
And the wider your perspective, the lesser your ignorance.
Hence, the more wisdom you gain, the smaller you feel.
And the smaller you feel, the greater you become.
The more you see, the more you love --
The more you love, the less walls you see.
The more doors you are willing to open,
The less close-minded you will be.
The more open-minded you are,
The more open your heart.
And the more open your heart,
The more you will be able to
Send and receive --
Truth and TRUE
Unconditional
LOVE.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“People always want to know things . . . until they hear them, and then it's too late. Knowledge is a rug of a certain size, and the world is larger. It's not what remains uncovered at the edges that should worry you, rather what is swept beneath.”
― Mark Lawrence, Red Sister

“If that’s the case, I understand why emotions are hard for you. You’ve numbed yourself to make room for the grief you carry.”
― Brent Jones, The Fifteenth of June

“Belief is the enemy of knowledge.”
― Aleister Crowley, Moonchild

“Perhaps the most important thing we can ever do in our life is to find a way to our intuition.”
― Ivan Erenda

“Humility and Dignity had a daughter, called Arrogance, who was ashamed of her name and used to hide behind Pride. But Pride was in love with Truth, therefore arrogance married Illusion and forever despised Truth. Pride and Truth had a daughter, called Happiness, while Arrogance and Illusion had a son, called Despair. When both meet, one of them cries.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“It wasn't so much that I was in search of answers. In fact, I was wary of the whole idea of answers. I wanted to climb all the way inside of the questions and see what was there.”
― Dani Shapiro, Devotion: A Memoir

“Happiness isn’t something you work toward, the same way misery isn’t something you work toward.”
― Brent Jones, The Fifteenth of June

“It’s like everyone has their own little recipe for happiness, but no one really seems all that happy.”
― Brent Jones, The Fifteenth of June

“Each type of knowledge has value; however, from an engineering point of view, practical knowledge seems to be more valuable than theoretical knowledge.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Know who you are, know your mission and educate yourself in your mission field”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The deeper we dig into our field the more we know about its details”
― Sunday Adelaja

“In pursuit of knowledge, every day something is acquired. In pursuit of wisdom, every day something is dropped.”
― Lao Tse

“و عندما إعتزلت العالم؛ وجدت نفسك، وجدت الحقيقة الغائبة، تصالحت مع خطاياك الكثيرة، و استمتعت بإخفاقاتك العديدة، تخلصت من أجنحة الملاك الكاذب، و مسحت عن وجهك المساحيق، واجهت صورتك أمام المرآة، و حجمك المجرد من تراهاتك الساذجة، إستعدلت حلتك المتواضعة، و خرجت بين الناس في سكون، قطرة يحملها سيل عرم، تتحرك بلا مقاومة و لا تفكير، لا تتسابق و لا تتجاوز الآخرين، فقط تقوم بما يجب أن تقوم به، و تستقر في النهاية في وعائها المقدر، و للعجب؛ لم تكن الرحلة مختلفة، فما إستطاع تمردها في السابق أن يغير المسار، و لم يستطع عصيانها أن يختار الوعاء، كانت و مازالت تتحرك و تستقر حيثما قدر لها، كانت واهمة؛ غالبتها الظنون حتى نسيت ما هي ؟ و عندما أدركت تحققت: قطرة و لها دور مهم؛ و لكنه محدد.”
― محمد الكتبي

“It feels like I’m stuck in one spot. It’s been this way for a long time. I know you understand, but now you’re moving on without me. And I—I’m not ready to be alone.”
― Brent Jones, The Fifteenth of June

“The knowledge of “Where am I going?” sometimes depends on the faithfulness in little things”
― Sunday Adelaja

“He pondered his turmoil, wondering which he feared most—losing his father or being alone in the world. Both were inevitable. Neither could be stopped or slowed down. All he could do now was brace for impact.”
― Brent Jones, The Fifteenth of June

“Knowledge can be acquired by education, reading, communicating and observing, but also simply by living.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Knowing your purpose helps you in using all available resources in achieving your goals”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Devotion to goal, knowing your purpose and calling helps you go through pain, hindrance and crisis”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You must learn everything that will help you achieve your goals”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The knowledge of “Where am I going?” comes during the process of implementation and dedication to the task”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Use your knowledge and physical strength. You have the opportunity today, start living for Him”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Each character created by Stephen King is a proffesor... a guy full of knowledge.”
― Deyth Banger

“Serve the Lord with what you have — your substance, strength, knowledge, and ability”
― Sunday Adelaja

“the eyes of your understanding will see through to get Great Success”
― Ikechukwu Joseph, Knowledge, Understanding, Wisdom: the tripartite force in the pursuit of Divine Access

“You must know the purpose of your life and be completely dedicated to it”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You must know the purpose of your life and reach it confidently”
― Sunday Adelaja

“There is only one ideal in the world, which is, the light of knowledge – the light of truth.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens

“God gave you the knowledge and ability for you to advance His Kingdom through your work”
― Sunday Adelaja

