“When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.”
― Jess C. Scott, The Intern

“I no longer believed in the idea of soul mates, or love at first sight. But I was beginning to believe that a very few times in your life, if you were lucky, you might meet someone who was exactly right for you. Not because he was perfect, or because you were, but because your combined flaws were arranged in a way that allowed two separate beings to hinge together.”
― Lisa Kleypas, Blue-Eyed Devil

“Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix

“I think you still love me, but we can’t escape the fact that I’m not enough for you. I knew this was going to happen. So I’m not blaming you for falling in love with another woman. I’m not angry, either. I should be, but I’m not. I just feel pain. A lot of pain. I thought I could imagine how much this would hurt, but I was wrong.”
― Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun

“The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.”
― Carl Gustav Jung

“A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever”
― Dave Matthews Band

“You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.”
― Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss

“Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it.”
― Candace Bushnell, Sex and the City

“It hurts to let go. Sometimes it seems the harder you try to hold on to something or someone the more it wants to get away. You feel like some kind of criminal for having felt, for having wanted. For having wanted to be wanted. It confuses you, because you think that your feelings were wrong and it makes you feel so small because it's so hard to keep it inside when you let it out and it doesn't coma back. You're left so alone that you can't explain. Damn, there's nothing like that, is there? I've been there and you have too. You're nodding your head.”
― Henry Rollins, The Portable Henry Rollins

“We’re all seeking that special person who is right for us. But if you’ve been through enough relationships, you begin to suspect there’s no right person, just different flavors of wrong. Why is this? Because you yourself are wrong in some way, and you seek out partners who are wrong in some complementary way. But it takes a lot of living to grow fully into your own wrongness. And it isn’t until you finally run up against your deepest demons, your unsolvable problems—the ones that make you truly who you are—that we’re ready to find a lifelong mate. Only then do you finally know what you’re looking for. You’re looking for the wrong person. But not just any wrong person: it's got to be the right wrong person—someone you lovingly gaze upon and think, “This is the problem I want to have.”

I will find that special person who is wrong for me in just the right way.”
― Andrew Boyd, Daily Afflictions: The Agony of Being Connected to Everything in the Universe

“Well, it seems to me that the best relationships - the ones that last - are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship. You know, one day you look at the person and you see something more than you did the night before. Like a switch has been flicked somewhere. And the person who was just a friend is... suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with.”
― Gillian Anderson

“I mean, if the relationship can't survive the long term, why on earth would it be worth my time and energy for the short term?”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song

“The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.”
― Ernest Hemingway, Men Without Women

“Why is it," he said, one time, at the subway entrance, "I feel I've known you so many years?"
"Because I like you," she said, "and I don't want anything from you.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are.”
― Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life

“Every man I meet wants to protect me. I can't figure out what from.”
― Mae West

“There is greatness in doing something you hate for the sake of someone you love.”
― Shmuley Boteach

“If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale.”
― Nicholas Sparks

“I know I am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year.”
― Edna St. Vincent Millay

“It's no good pretending that any relationship has a future if your record collections disagree violently or if your favorite films wouldn't even speak to each other if they met at a party.”
― Nick Hornby

“Come sleep with me: We won't make Love, Love will make us.”
― Julio Cortázar

“I will love you always. When this red hair is white, I will still love you. When the smooth softness of youth is replaced by the delicate softness of age, I will still want to touch your skin. When your face is full of the lines of every smile you have ever smiled, of every surprise I have seen flash through your eyes, when every tear you have ever cried has left its mark upon your face,I will treasure you all the more, because I was there to see it all. I will share your life with you, Meredith, and I will love you until the last breath leaves your body or mine.”
― Laurell K. Hamilton, A Lick of Frost

“Holding Eleanor's hand was like holding a butterfly. Or a heartbeat. Like holding something complete, and completely alive.”
― Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park

“When we're incomplete, we're always searching for somebody to complete us. When, after a few years or a few months of a relationship, we find that we're still unfulfilled, we blame our partners and take up with somebody more promising. This can go on and on--series polygamy--until we admit that while a partner can add sweet dimensions to our lives, we, each of us, are responsible for our own fulfillment. Nobody else can provide it for us, and to believe otherwise is to delude ourselves dangerously and to program for eventual failure every relationship we enter.”
― Tom Robbins

“Maybe our girlfriends are our soulmates and guys are just people to have fun with.”
― Candace Bushnell, Sex and the City

“To be fully seen by somebody, then, and be loved anyhow - this is a human offering that can border on miraculous.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage

“Therefore, dear Sir, love your solitude and try to sing out with the pain it causes you. For those who are near you are far away... and this shows that the space around you is beginning to grow vast.... be happy about your growth, in which of course you can't take anyone with you, and be gentle with those who stay behind; be confident and calm in front of them and don't torment them with your doubts and don't frighten them with your faith or joy, which they wouldn't be able to comprehend. Seek out some simple and true feeling of what you have in common with them, which doesn't necessarily have to alter when you yourself change again and again; when you see them, love life in a form that is not your own and be indulgent toward those who are growing old, who are afraid of the aloneness that you trust.... and don't expect any understanding; but believe in a love that is being stored up for you like an inheritance, and have faith that in this love there is a strength and a blessing so large that you can travel as far as you wish without having to step outside it.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet

“I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?”
― Stephanie Lennox, I Don't Remember You

“I suffer from girlnextdooritis where the guy is friends with you and that's it.”
― Taylor Swift

“I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing.”
― Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest

“Never marry at all, Dorian. Men marry because they are tired, women, because they are curious: both are disappointed.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“Every couple needs to argue now and then. Just to prove that the relationship is strong enough to survive. Long-term relationships, the ones that matter, are all about weathering the peaks and the valleys.”
― Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven

“I know enough to know that no woman should ever marry a man who hated his mother.”
― Martha Gellhorn, Selected Letters

“Maybe its like you said before, all of us being cracked open. Like each of us starts out as a watertight vessel. And then things happen - these people leave us, or don’t love us, or don’t get us, or we don’t get them, and we lose and fail and hurt one another. And the vessel starts to crack in places. And I mean, yeah once the vessel cracks open, the end becomes inevitable. Once it starts to rain inside the Osprey, it will never be remodeled. But there is all this time between when the cracks start to open up and when we finally fall apart. And its only that time that we see one another, because we see out of ourselves through our cracks and into others through theirs. When did we see each other face to face? Not until you saw into my cracks and I saw into yours. Before that we were just looking at ideas of each other, like looking at your window shade, but never seeing inside. But once the vessel cracks, the light can get in. The light can get out.”
― John Green, Paper Towns

“People like to say love is unconditional, but it's not, and even if it was unconditional, it's still never free. There's always an expectation attached. They always want something in return. Like they want you to be happy or whatever and that makes you automatically responsible for their happiness because they won't be happy unless you are ... I just don't want that responsibility.”
― Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility

“Even though you may want to move forward in your life, you may have one foot on the brakes. In order to be free, we must learn how to let go. Release the hurt. Release the fear. Refuse to entertain your old pain. The energy it takes to hang onto the past is holding you back from a new life. What is it you would let go of today?”
― Mary Manin Morrissey

“For there to be betrayal, there would have to have been trust first.”
― Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games

“When you don't talk, there's a lot of stuff that ends up not getting said.”
― Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Dairy Queen

“Usually adult males who are unable to make emotional connections with the women they choose to be intimate with are frozen in time, unable to allow themselves to love for fear that the loved one will abandon them. If the first woman they passionately loved, the mother, was not true to her bond of love, then how can they trust that their partner will be true to love. Often in their adult relationships these men act out again and again to test their partner's love. While the rejected adolescent boy imagines that he can no longer receive his mother's love because he is not worthy, as a grown man he may act out in ways that are unworthy and yet demand of the woman in his life that she offer him unconditional love. This testing does not heal the wound of the past, it merely reenacts it, for ultimately the woman will become weary of being tested and end the relationship, thus reenacting the abandonment. This drama confirms for many men that they cannot put their trust in love. They decide that it is better to put their faith in being powerful, in being dominant.”
― bell hooks

“To say that one waits a lifetime for his soulmate to come around is a paradox. People eventually get sick of waiting, take a chance on someone, and by the art of commitment become soulmates, which takes a lifetime to perfect.”
― Criss Jami, Venus in Arms

“Part of the problem with the word 'disabilities' is that it immediately suggests an inability to see or hear or walk or do other things that many of us take for granted. But what of people who can't feel? Or talk about their feelings? Or manage their feelings in constructive ways? What of people who aren't able to form close and strong relationships? And people who cannot find fulfillment in their lives, or those who have lost hope, who live in disappointment and bitterness and find in life no joy, no love? These, it seems to me, are the real disabilities.”
― Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember

“Cheating and lying aren't struggles, they're reasons to break up.”
― Patti Callahan Henry, Between the Tides

“Our wounds are often the openings into the best and most beautiful part of us.”
― David Richo

“I used to advertise my loyalty and I don't believe there is a single person I loved that I didn't eventually betray.”
― Albert Camus, The Fall

“Relationships dont always make sense. Especially from the outside”
― Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride

“Lots of things can be fixed. Things can be fixed. But many times, relationships between people cannot be fixed, because they should not be fixed. You're aboard a ship setting sail, and the other person has joined the inland circus, or is boarding a different ship, and you just can't be with each other anymore. Because you shouldn't be.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Every couple has ups and downs, every couple argues, and that’s the thing—you’re a couple, and couples can’t function without trust.”
― Nicholas Sparks, At First Sight

“Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long.

Good things come to those who wait.”
― Jess C. Scott, The Intern

“If a girl starts out all casual with a guy and she doesn't tell him that she wants a relationship, it will never become a relationship. If you give the guy the impression that casual is okay with you, that's all he'll ever want. Be straight with him from the start. If he gets scared and runs away, he wasn't right for you.”
― Susane Colasanti, Waiting for You

“A dame that knows the ropes isn't likely to get tied up.”
― Mae West

“If you spend your time hoping someone will suffer the consequences for what they did to your heart, then you're allowing them to hurt you a second time in your mind.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“I may not always be with you
But when we're far apart
Remember you will be with me
Right inside my heart”
― Marc Wambolt, Poems from the Heart

“Relationships are mysterious. We doubt the positive qualities in others, seldom the negative. You will say to your partner: do you really love me? Are you sure you love me? You will ask this a dozen times and drive the person nuts. But you never ask: are you really mad at me? Are you sure you’re angry? When someone is angry, you don’t doubt it for a moment. Yet the reverse should be true. We should doubt the negative in life, and have faith in the positive.”
― Christopher Pike, Remember Me

“I know my heart will never be the same
But I'm telling myself I'll be okay”
― Sara Evans

“We die to each other daily. What we know of other people is only our memory of the moments during which we knew them. And they have changed since then. To pretend that they and we are the same is a useful and convenient social convention which must sometimes be broken. We must also remember that at every meeting we are meeting a stranger.”
― T.S. Eliot, The Cocktail Party

“Forgive the past. It is over. Learn from it and let go. People are constantly changing and growing. Do not cling to a limited, disconnected, negative image of a person in the past. See that person now. Your relationship is always alive and changing.”
― Brian Weiss, Messages from the Masters: Tapping Into the Power of Love

“Women cannot complain about men anymore until they start getting better taste in them.”
― Bill Maher

“What we wait around a lifetime for with one person, we can find in a moment with someone else.”
― Stephanie Klein, Straight Up and Dirty

“I was suffering the easily foreseeable consequences. Addiction is the hallmark of every infatuation-based love story. It all begins when the object of your adoration bestows upon you a heady, hallucinogenic dose of something you never dared to admit you wanted-an emotional speedball, perhaps, of thunderous love and roiling excitement. Soon you start craving that intense attention, with a hungry obsession of any junkie. When the drug is witheld, you promptly turn sick, crazy, and depleted (not to mention resentful of the dealer who encouraged this addiction in the first place but now refuses to pony up the good stuff anymore-- despite the fact that you know he has it hidden somewhere, goddamn it, because he used to give it to you for free). Next stage finds you skinny and shaking in a corner, certain only that you would sell your soul or rob your neighbors just to have 'that thing' even one more time. Meanwhile, the object of your adoration has now become repulsed by you. He looks at you like you're someone he's never met before, much less someone he once loved with high passion. The irony is,you can hardly blame him. I mean, check yourself out. You're a pathetic mess,unrecognizable even to your own eyes. So that's it. You have now reached infatuation's final destination-- the complete and merciless devaluation of self." - pg 20-21”
― Elizabeth Gilbert

“Of course it hurt that we could never love each other in a physical way. We would have been far more happy if we had. But that was like the tides, the change of seasons--something immutable, an immovable destiny we could never alter. No matter how cleverly we might shelter it, our delicate friendship wasn't going to last forever. We were bound to reach a dead end. That was painfully clear.”
― Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart

“nothing in this world was more difficult than love.”
― Gabriel García Márquez

“I think you are wrong to want a heart. It makes most people unhappy. If you only knew it, you are in luck not to have a heart.”
― L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz

“It is an absolute human certainty that no one can know his own beauty or perceive a sense of his own worth until it has been reflected back to him in the mirror of another loving, caring human being.”
― John Joseph Powell, The Secret of Staying in Love

“I care," he said in a trembling voice. "I care so much that I do not know how to tell you without it seeming inconsequential compared to how I feel. Even if I am distant at times and seem as if I do not want to be with you, it is only because this scares me, too.”
― Aimee Carter, The Goddess Test

“Books are a poor substitute for female companionship, but they are easier to find.”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear

“Don't leave a piece of jewelry at his house so you can go back and get it later; he may be with his real girlfriend.”
― Amy Sedaris, I Like You: Hospitality Under the Influence

“Because I can't help doing it," he said with a shrug. "And hey, if I keep loving you, maybe you'll eventually crack and love me too. Hell, I'm pretty sure you're already half in love with me."

"I am not! And everything you just said is ridiculous. That's terrible logic."

Adrian returned to his crossword puzzle. "Well, you can think what you want, so long as you remember-no matter how ordinary things seem between us-I'm still here, still in love with you, and care about you more than any other guy, evil or otherwise, ever will."

"I don't think you're evil."

"See? Things are already looking promising.”
― Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell

“All I'm telling you to do is to be smart about it. Know that if this man isn't looking for a serious relationship, you're not going to change his mind just because you two are going on dates and being intimate. You could be the most perfect woman on the Lord's green earth-you're capable of interesting conversation, you cook a mean breakfast, you hand out backrubs like sandwiches, you're independent (which means, to him, that you're not going to be in his pockets)-but if he's not ready for a serious relationship, he going to treat you like sports fish.”
― Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment

“We kiss all the time." I clear my throat, then add, "We just...do it in private."
"A smug expression crosses his face. "I don't buy it for a second, 'cause if you were my girlfriend and a stud like me was livin' in your house, I'd kiss you in front of the guy every chance I got as a reminder."
"A reminder of w-w-what?"
"That you were mine.”
― Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction

“He could totally be your boyfriend," [Angel] went on with annoying persistance. "You guys could get married. I could be like a junior bridesmaid. Total could be your flower dog."
"I'm only a kid!" I shrieked. "I can't get married!"
"You could in New Hampshire."
My mouth dropped open. How does she know this stuff? "Forget it! No one's getting married!" I hissed. "Not in New Hampshire or anywhere else! Not in a box, not with a fox! Now go to sleep, before I kill you!”
― James Patterson, Max

“You’re just another story I can’t tell anymore.”
― pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You

“Moving on is easy. It's staying moved on that's trickier.”
― Katerina Stoykova Klemer

“How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Every woman that finally figured out her worth, has picked up her suitcases of pride and boarded a flight to freedom, which landed in the valley of change.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement”
― Jess C Scott

“Seldom, very seldom, does complete truth belong to any human disclosure; seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised or a little mistaken.”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“Sometimes it takes a heartbreak to shake us awake & help us see we are worth so much more than we're settling for.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“We have to recognise that there cannot be relationships unless there is commitment, unless there is loyalty, unless there is love, patience, persistence.”
― Cornel West, Breaking Bread: Insurgent Black Intellectual Life

“We die containing a richness of lovers and tribes, tastes we have swallowed, bodies we have plunged into and swum up as if rivers of wisdom, characters we have climbed into as if trees, fears we have hidden in as if caves.

I wish for all this to be marked on by body when I am dead. I believe in such cartography - to be marked by nature, not just to label ourselves on a map like the names of rich men and women on buildings. We are communal histories, communal books. We are not owned or monogamous in our taste or experience.”
― Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient

“There comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or simply close it.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“only someone who is ready for everything, who doesn't exclude any experience, even the most incomprehensible, will live the relationship with another person as something alive and will himself sound the depths of his own being.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet

“You can measure the happiness of a marriage by the number of scars that each partner carries on their tongues, earned from years of biting back angry words.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage

“I felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they?”
― Jess C. Scott, Wicked Lovely

“When we face pain in relationships our first response is often to sever bonds rather than to maintain commitment.
”
― bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions

“This is what happened in love. One of you cried a lot and then both of you grew sarcastic.”
― Lorrie Moore, Like Life

“Mocking a woman is like drinking too much wine. It may be fun for a short time, but the hangover is hell.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker

“Most everything you think you know about me is nothing more than memories.”
― Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase

“If you need something from somebody always give that person a way to hand it to you.”
― Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees

“It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. Without God people only succeed in bringing out the worst in one another. Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing else. Without a central loyalty life is unfinished.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary

“Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means.”
― Henny Youngman

“When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but with creatures bristling with prejudice and motivated by pride and vanity.”
― Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People

“It's probably a bad indicator of your lifestyle when you miss your ex-boyfriend because he's absolutely lethal.”
― Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World

“When you hold a grudge, you want someone else’s sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“A busy, vibrant, goal-oriented woman is so much more attractive than a woman who waits around for a man to validate her existence.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“That's when I finally got it. I finally understood. It wasn't the thought that counted. It was the actual execution that mattered, the showing up for somebody. The intent behind it wasn't enough. Not for me. Not anymore. It wasn't enough to know that deep down, he loved me. You had to actually say it to somebody, show them you cared. And he just didn't. Not enough.”
― Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You

“Through my love for you, I want to express my love for the whole cosmos, the whole of humanity, and all beings. By living with you, I want to learn to love everyone and all species. If I succeed in loving you, I will be able to love everyone and all species on Earth... This is the real message of love.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Teachings on Love

“you can take this mouth
this wound you want
but you can't kiss
and make it
better.”
― Daphne Gottlieb, Why Things Burn

“He knew one of the women well, and had shared his universe with her. They had seen the same mountains, and the same trees, although each of them had seem them differently. She knew his weaknesses, his moments of hatred, of despair. Yet she was there at his side. They shared the same universe.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Valkyries

“I define connection as the energy that exists between people when they feel seen, heard, and valued; when they can give and receive without judgment; and when they derive sustenance and strength from the relationship.”
― Brené Brown

“Statistically speaking, there is a 65 percent chance that the love of your life is having an affair. Be very suspicious.”
― Scott Dikkers, You Are Worthless: Depressing Nuggets of Wisdom Sure to Ruin Your Day

“V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love.”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“There are so many things that demand to be said. Where did you go? Do you ever think about me? You've ruined me. Are you okay? But of course, I can't say any of that.”
― Gayle Forman, Where She Went

“Six hundred and forty fish later, the only thing I know is everything you love will die. The first time you meet someone special, you can count on them one day being dead and in the ground.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor

“Failed relationships can be described as so much wasted make-up.”
― Marian Keyes, Watermelon

“Can officially confirm that the way to a man's heart these days is not through beauty, food, sex, or alluringness of character, but merely the ability to seem not very interested in him.”
― Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary

“misgivings, n.

Last night, I got up the courage to ask you if you regretted us.
"There are things I miss," you said. "But if I didn't have you, I'd miss more.”
― David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary

“The best relationships in our lives are the best not because they have been the happiest ones, they are that way because they have stayed strong through the most tormentful of storms.”
― Pandora Poikilos, Excuse Me, My Brains Have Stepped Out

“When you struggle with your partner, you are struggling with yourself. Every fault you see in them touches a denied weakness in yourself.”
― Deepak Chopra

“A true gentleman is one that apologizes anyways, even though he has not offended a lady intentionally. He is in a class all of his own because he knows the value of a woman's heart.”
― Shannon Alder

“I want to be around people that do things. I don’t want to be around people anymore that judge or talk about what people do. I want to be around people that dream and support and do things.”
― Amy Poehler

“When you loved someone and had to let them go, there will always be that small part of yourself that whispers, "What was it that you wanted and why didn't you fight for it?”
― Shannon L. Alder

“People die, I think, but your relationship with them doesn't. It continues and is ever-changing.”
― Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun

“And then the line was quite but not dead. I almost felt like he was there in my room with me, but in a way it was better, like I was not in my room and he was not in his, but instead we were together in some invisible and tenuous third space that could only be visited on the phone.”
― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars

“When you find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who calls you back when you hang up on him, who will stand in front of you when other’s cast stones, or will stay awake just to watch you sleep, who wants to show you off to the world when you are in sweats, who will hold your hand when your sick, who thinks your pretty without makeup, the one who turns to his friends and say, ‘that’s her’, the one that would bear your rejection because losing you means losing his will to live, who kisses you when you screw up, watches the stars and names one for you and will hold and rock that baby for hours so you can sleep…..you marry him all over again.”
― Shannon Alder

“Lonely people tend, rather, to be lonely because they decline to bear the psychic costs of being around other humans. They are allergic to people. People affect them too strongly.”
― David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again: Essays and Arguments

“Certainly the most destructive vice if you like, that a person can have. More than pride, which is supposedly the number one of the cardinal sins - is self pity. Self pity is the worst possible emotion anyone can have. And the most destructive. It is, to slightly paraphrase what Wilde said about hatred, and I think actually hatred's a subset of self pity and not the other way around - ' It destroys everything around it, except itself '.

Self pity will destroy relationships, it'll destroy anything that's good, it will fulfill all the prophecies it makes and leave only itself. And it's so simple to imagine that one is hard done by, and that things are unfair, and that one is underappreciated, and that if only one had had a chance at this, only one had had a chance at that, things would have gone better, you would be happier if only this, that one is unlucky. All those things. And some of them may well even be true. But, to pity oneself as a result of them is to do oneself an enormous disservice.

I think it's one of things we find unattractive about the american culture, a culture which I find mostly, extremely attractive, and I like americans and I love being in america. But, just occasionally there will be some example of the absolutely ravening self pity that they are capable of, and you see it in their talk shows. It's an appalling spectacle, and it's so self destructive. I almost once wanted to publish a self help book saying 'How To Be Happy by Stephen Fry : Guaranteed success'. And people buy this huge book and it's all blank pages, and the first page would just say - ' Stop Feeling Sorry For Yourself - And you will be happy '. Use the rest of the book to write down your interesting thoughts and drawings, and that's what the book would be, and it would be true. And it sounds like 'Oh that's so simple', because it's not simple to stop feeling sorry for yourself, it's bloody hard. Because we do feel sorry for ourselves, it's what Genesis is all about.”
― Stephen Fry

“He wasn't the type for displays of affection, either verbal or not. He was disgusted by couples that made out in the hallways between classes, and got annoyed at even the slightest sappy moments in movies. But I knew he cared about me: he just conveyed it more subtly, as concise with expressing this emotion as he was with everything else. It was in the way he'd put his hand on the small of my back, for instance, or how he'd smile at me when I said something that surprised him. Once I might have wanted more, but I'd come around to his way of thinking in the time we'd been together. And we were together, all the time. So he didn't have to prove how he felt about me. Like so much else, I should just know.”
― Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever

“He loved her for almost everything she was & she decided that was enough to let him stay for a very long time.”
― Brian Andreas

“Unrequited love is the infinite curse of a lonely heart.”
― Christina Westover

“Love doesn't mean anything if you're not willing to make a commitment, and you have to think not only about what you want, but about what he wants. Not just now, but in the future.”
― Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven

“I have no right to say or do anything that diminishes a man in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him but what he thinks of himself. Hurting a man in his dignity is a crime.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry

“That's why I loved being with you. We could do the simplest things, like toss starfish into the ocean and share a burger and talk and even then I knew that I was fortunate. Because you were the first guy who wasn't constantly trying to impress me. You accepted who you were, but more than that, you accepted me for me. And nothing else mattered-- not my family or your family or anyone else in the world. It was just us.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me

“When what you hear and what you see don't match, trust your eyes.”
― Dale Renton

“We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everyhwere.”
― Tim McGraw

“When God knows you're ready for the responsibility of commitment, He'll reveal the right person under the right circumstances.”
― Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye: A New Attitude Toward Relationships and Romance

“You fit into me
like a hook into an eye
a fish hook
an open eye”
― Margaret Atwood

“Hope for love, pray for love, wish for love, dream for love…but don’t put your life on hold waiting for love.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“Annabeth,” he said hesitantly, “in New Rome, demigods can live their whole lives in peace.”
Her expression turned guarded. “Reyna explained it to me. But, Percy, you belong at Camp Half-Blood. That other life—”
“I know,” Percy said. “But while I was there, I saw so many demigods living without fear: kids going to college, couples getting married and raising families. There’s nothing like that at Camp Half-Blood. I kept thinking about you and me…and maybe someday when this war with the giants is over…”
It was hard to tell in the golden light, but he thought Annabeth was blushing. “Oh,” she said…
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I just…I had to think of that to keep going. To give me hope. Forget I mentioned—”
“No!” she said. “Gods, Percy, that’s so sweet.”
― Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena

“I won't telephone him. I'll never telephone him again as long as I live. He'll rot in hell, before I'll call him up. You don't have to give me strength, God; I have it myself. If he wanted me, he could get me. He knows where I am. He knows I'm waiting here. He's so sure of me, so sure. I wonder why they hate you, as soon as they are sure of you.”
― Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker

“Don't worry about hurting me, if that's what you're afraid of. I want to get hurt. At least I´ll feel something for a change.”
― Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken

“You Can't Lose Something You Never Had”
― Kate G. Hudson

“We ruined each other by being together. We destroyed each other’s dreams.”
― Kate Chisman, Run

“Perfectly Imperfect

We have all heard that no two snowflakes are alike. Each snowflake takes the perfect form for the maximum efficiency and effectiveness for its journey. And while the universal force of gravity gives them a shared destination, the expansive space in the air gives each snowflake the opportunity to take their own path. They are on the same journey, but each takes a different path.
Along this gravity-driven journey, some snowflakes collide and damage each other, some collide and join together, some are influenced by wind... there are so many transitions and changes that take place along the journey of the snowflake. But, no matter what the transition, the snowflake always finds itself perfectly shaped for its journey.
I find parallels in nature to be a beautiful reflection of grand orchestration. One of these parallels is of snowflakes and us. We, too, are all headed in the same direction. We are being driven by a universal force to the same destination. We are all individuals taking different journeys and along our journey, we sometimes bump into each other, we cross paths, we become altered... we take different physical forms. But at all times we too are 100% perfectly imperfect. At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey. I’m not perfect for your journey and you’re not perfect for my journey, but I’m perfect for my journey and you’re perfect for your journey. We’re heading to the same place, we’re taking different routes, but we’re both exactly perfect the way we are.
Think of what understanding this great orchestration could mean for relationships. Imagine interacting with others knowing that they too each share this parallel with the snowflake. Like you, they are headed to the same place and no matter what they may appear like to you, they have taken the perfect form for their journey. How strong our relationships would be if we could see and respect that we are all perfectly imperfect for our journey.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.”
― Bernard Branson

“Last night I was seriously considering whether I was a bisexual or not but I don’t think so though I’m not sure if I’d like to be and argh I don’t think there’s anything wrong with that, if you like a person, you like the person, not their genitals.”
― Jess C Scott, Tongue-Tied

“One of the best times for figuring out who you are & what you really want out of life? Right after a break-up.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“Trust is the fruit of a relationship in which you know you are loved.”
― William P. Young

“I cannot have a man who is afraid of everything, I don't have the time to soothe insecurities and fears, I cannot have a man who is standing on a stone by a creek, watching for the fish to swim by and every time he sees a fish he says "Oh look, this fish scares me, I wonder what this fish means, this fish might mean- this, or this fish might mean- that" for God's sake, they are just fish, and they don't mean anything! Such a sad thing, so many fine, strong men standing on top of little stones, pointing at fish all the time! Such a waste! Such a waste of time! I can only have a man who will leap into the water, not minding the damn fish and whatever other little things that scare him. I need to have someone who is braver than me; if I am a pirate, he has to be the pirate Captain, if I am a pirate Captain he has to be the flying dragon.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“You know someone's right for you when the things they don't have to say are even more important than the things they do.”
― Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home

“Sometimes I get real lonely sleeping with you.”
― Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase

“My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“If you're trapped in the dream of the Other, you're fucked.”
― Gilles Deleuze

“Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.”
― Stephen R. Covey

“That night when you kissed me, I left a poem in your mouth, and you can hear some of the lines every time you breathe out.”
― Andrea Gibson

“The words ‘I Love You’ kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second.”
― Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love

“She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.”
― robert m drake

“Wanting him to come back before anyone notices part of the world has not moved since he left.”
― Brian Andreas

“You couldn't just pick and choose at will when someone depended on you, or loved you. It wasn't like a light switch, easy to turn on or off. If you were in, you were in. Out, you were out.”
― Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride

“You know that when I hate you, it is because I love you to a point of passion that unhinges my soul.”
― Julie de Lespinasse

“I got my heart's desire, and there my troubles began.”
― Lev Grossman, The Magicians

“I just...I just miss him. And I hate being so alone.”
― Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games

“She was the third beer. Not the first one, which the throat receives with almost tearful gratitude; nor the second, that confirms and extends the pleasure of the first. But the third, the one you drink because it's there, because it can't hurt, and because what difference does it make?”
― Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon

“My girlfriend is sad and quiet and keeps me up all night worrying about her.”
― Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park

“Submission is not about authority and it is not obedience; it is all about relationships of love and respect.”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“Most men claim to desire driven, independent and confident women. Yet when confronted with such a creature reverence often evolves into resent. For just like women, men need to be needed.”
― Tiffany Madison

“Intimacy is the capacity to be rather weird with someone - and finding that that's ok with them.”
― Alain de Botton

“If equal affection cannot be,
Let the more loving one be me.”
― W.H. Auden

“An unarticulated crush is very different from an unrequited one, because at least with an unrequited crush you know what the hell you're doing, even if the other person isn't doing it back. An unarticulated crush is harder to grapple with, because it's a crush that you haven't even admitted to yourself. The romantic forces are all there -- you want to see him, you always notice him, you treat every word from him as if it weighs more than anyone else's. But you don't know why. You don't know that you're doing it. You'd follow him to the end of the earth without ever admitting that your feet were moving.”
― David Levithan, Geektastic: Stories from the Nerd Herd

“Oh, you know. Jace reminds me of an old boyfriend. Some guys look at you like they want sex. Jace looks at you like you've already had sex, it was great, and now you're just friends--even though you want more. Drives girls crazy. You know what I mean?"
Yes, Clary thought. "No," she said.

pg. 280”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes

“We are not written for one instrument alone; I am not, neither are you.”
― André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name

“We rip out so much of ourselves to be cured of things faster than we should that we go bankrupt by the age of thirty and have less to offer each time we start with someone new. But to feel nothing so as not to feel anything—what a waste!”
― André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name

“The reason we all like to think so well of others is that we are all afraid for ourselves. The basis of optimism is sheer terror.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“We know from daily life that we exist for other people first of all, for whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.”
― Albert Einstein

“Have you ever noticed how parents can go from the most wonderful people in the world to totally embarrassing in three seconds?”
― Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid

“Someone real," I hear myself saying. "Someone who never has to pretend, and who I never have to pretend around. Someone who's smart, but knows how to laugh at himself. Someone who would listen to a symphony and start to cry, because he understands music can be too big for words. Someone who knows me better than I know myself. Someone I want to talk to first thing in the morning and last thing at night. Someone I feel like I've known my whole life, even if I haven't.”
― Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home

“How could I be sleeping with this particular man.... Surely only true love could justify my lack of taste.”
― Margaret Atwood, Lady Oracle

“I believe in love the verb, not the noun.”
― Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys

“Love.
Not the kind you see in the movies or hear about on the radio.
The real kind.
The kind that gets beaten down and bloody, yet perseveres.
The kind that hopes even when hope seems foolish.
The kind that can forgive. The kind that believes in healing.
The kind that can sit in silence and feel renewed.
The real kind of love.
It's rare and we have it...”
― Chelsea Fine, Sophie & Carter

“Physical love is unthinkable without violence.”
― Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being

“Thought I couldn't live without you
It's gonna hurt when it heals too
Even though I really love you
I'm gonna smile cause I deserve to
Quickly I'm learning to love again
All I know is I'mma be ok”
― Leona Lewis

“Because isn’t that the point of every relationship: to be known by someone else, to be understood? He gets me. She gets me. Isn’t that the simple magic phrase?”
― Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl

“Because introverts are typically good listeners and, at least, have the appearance of calmness, we are attractive to emotionally needy people. Introverts, gratified that other people are initiating with them, can easily get caught in these exhausting and unsatisfying relationships.”
― Adam S. McHugh

“And now you are and I am and we're a mystery which will never happen again.”
― E.E. Cummings

“Learn to deal with the fact that you are not a perfect person but you are a person that deserves respect and honesty.”
― Pandora Poikilos, Excuse Me, My Brains Have Stepped Out

“I'm not crying because of you; you're not worth it. I'm crying because my delusion of who you were was shattered by the truth of who you are.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“What you want most you push away from you.
You want more than you care to admit.”
― Tarjei Vesaas, The Bridges

“If you have the woman you love, what more do you need? Well, besides an alibi for the time of her husband’s murder. ”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.

“Assumptions are the termites of relationships.”
― Henry Winkler

“I love you. I hate you. I like you. I hate you. I love you. I think you’re stupid. I think you’re a loser. I think you’re wonderful. I want to be with you. I don’t want to be with you. I would never date you. I hate you. I love you…..I think the madness started the moment we met and you shook my hand. Did you have a disease or something?”
― Shannon L. Alder

“I suppose that since most of our hurts come through relationships so will our healing, and I know that grace rarely makes sense for those looking in from the outside.”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“If a man, who says he loves you, won’t tell you the details of a private conversation between him and another woman you can be sure he is not protecting your heart. He is protecting himself and the women he has feelings for. Wise women simply see things as they are, not as their low self-esteem allows.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“This love of which I speak is slow to lose patience - it looks for a way of being constructive.
Love is not possessive.
Love is not anxious to impress nor does it cherish inflated ideas of its own ideas.
Love has good manners and does not pursue selfish advantage.
Love is not touchy.
Love does not keep account of evil or gloat over the wickedness of other people. On the contrary, it is glad with all good men when truth prevails.
Love knows no limits to its endurance, no end to its trust, no fading of its hope; it can outlast anything. It is, in fact, the one thing that stands when all else has fallen.”
― Elisabeth Elliot, Let Me be a Woman

“I would rather a romantic relationship turn into contempt than turn into apathy. The passion in the extremities make it appear as though it once meant something. We grow from hot or cold, but lukewarm is the biggest insult.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Sometimes the one who is running from the Life/Death/Life nature insists on thinking of love as a boon only. Yet love in its fullest form is a series of deaths and rebirths. We let go of one phase, one aspect of love, and enter another. Passion dies and is brought back. Pain is chased away and surfaces another time. To love means to embrace and at the same time to withstand many endings, and many many beginnings- all in the same relationship.”
― Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype

“Frida Kahlo to Marty McConnell

leaving is not enough; you must
stay gone. train your heart
like a dog. change the locks
even on the house he’s never
visited. you lucky, lucky girl.
you have an apartment
just your size. a bathtub
full of tea. a heart the size
of Arizona, but not nearly
so arid. don’t wish away
your cracked past, your
crooked toes, your problems
are papier mache puppets
you made or bought because the vendor
at the market was so compelling you just
had to have them. you had to have him.
and you did. and now you pull down
the bridge between your houses,
you make him call before
he visits, you take a lover
for granted, you take
a lover who looks at you
like maybe you are magic. make
the first bottle you consume
in this place a relic. place it
on whatever altar you fashion
with a knife and five cranberries.
don’t lose too much weight.
stupid girls are always trying
to disappear as revenge. and you
are not stupid. you loved a man
with more hands than a parade
of beggars, and here you stand. heart
like a four-poster bed. heart like a canvas.
heart leaking something so strong
they can smell it in the street.”
― Marty McConnell

“I believe in the immeasurable power of love; that true love can endure any circumstance and reach across any distance.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The quickest way to rectify that mistake (choosing the wrong person) is by learning from that, moving on, and choosing much more wisely in the future.”
― Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys

“Yes, it's a well-known fact about you: you're like death, you take everything.”
― Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves

“Love cannot live where there is no trust.”
― Edith Hamilton, Mythology

“But why, why, why can't people just say what they mean?”
― Graeme Simsion, The Rosie Project

“You think that holding someone hard will bring them closer. You think that you can hold them so hard that you'll still feel them, embossed on you, when you pull away.
Every time Eleanor pulled away from Park, she felt the gasping loss of him.”
― Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park

“If a man can possess a woman sexually -really possess- he won't need to control her ideas, her opinions, her clothes, her friends, even her other lovers.”
― Toni Bentley

“Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain.”
― Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember

“Some people come into our lives and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never ever the same.”
― Flavia Weedn

“Siblings: children of the same parents, each of whom is perfectly normal until they get together.”
― Sam Levenson

“If you spend your life sparing people’s feelings and feeding their vanity, you get so you can’t distinguish what should be respected in them.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender is the Night & The Last Tycoon

“Caring about someone isn't complicated. It isn't easy. But it isn't complicated, either. Kinda like lifting the engine block out of a car.”
― Jim Butcher, Small Favor

“But in the real world, you couldnt really just split a family down the middle, mom on one side, dad the other, with the child equally divided between. It was like when you ripped a piece of paper into two: no matter how you tried, the seams never fit exactly right again. It was what you couldn't see, those tiniest of pieces, that were lost in the severing, and their absence kept everything from being complete.”
― Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye

“Why don’t we break up? I guess I stay with her because she stays with me. And that’s not an easy thing to do.”
― John Green, Looking for Alaska

“Your absence has not taught me to be alone, it merely has shown that when together we cast a single shadow on the wall.”
― Doug Fetherling

“The end of a relationship is not always a failure. Sometimes all the love in the world is not enough to save something. In these cases, it is not a matter of fault from either person. Some things cannot be, it's as simple as that.”
― Ashly Lorenzana

“Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you’re willing to be.”
― robert m drake

“contiguous, adj.

I felt silly for even mentioning it, but once I did, I knew I had to explain.
"When I was a kid, "I had this puzzle with all fifty states on it--you know, the kind where you have to fit them all together. And one day I got it in my head that California and Nevada were in love. I told my mom, and she had no idea what I was talking about. I ran and got those two pieces and showed it to her--California and Nevada, completely in love. So a lot of the time when we're like this"--my ankles against the backs of your ankles, my knees fitting into the backs of your knees, my thighs on the backs of your legs, my stomach against your back, my chin folding into your neck--"I can't help but think about California and Nevada, and how we're a lot like them. If someone were drawing us from above as a map. that's what we'd look like; that's how we are."
For a moment, you were quiet. And then you nestled in and whispered.
"Contiguous."
And I knew you understood.”
― David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary

“Often men who have been emotionally neglected and abused as children by dominating mothers bond with assertive women, only to have their childhood feelings of being engulfed surface. While they could not 'smash their mommy' and still receive love, they find that they can engage in intimate violence with partners who respond to their acting out by trying harder to connect with them emotionally, hoping that the love offered in the present will heal the wounds of the past. If only one party in the relationship is working to create love, to create the space of emotional connection, the dominator model remains in place and the relationship just becomes a site for continuous power struggle.”
― bell hooks

“But whenever I meet dynamic, nonretarded Americans, I notice that they all seem to share a single unifying characteristic: the inability to experience the kind of mind-blowing, transcendent romantic relationship they perceive to be a normal part of living. And someone needs to take the fall for this. So instead of blaming no one for this (which is kind of cowardly) or blaming everyone (which is kind of meaningless), I'm going to blame John Cusack.”
― Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto

“Making love to me is amazing. Wait, I meant: making love, to me, is amazing. The absence of two little commas nearly transformed me into a sex god. ”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.

“My love is pizza shaped. Won’t you have a slice? It’s circular, so there’s enough to go around. ”
― Dora J. Arod, Love quotes for the ages. And the ageless sages.

“You like every one; that is to say, you are indifferent to every one.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“Love is a commitment that will be tested in the most vulnerable areas of spirituality, a commitment that will force you to make some very difficult choices. It is a commitment that demands that you deal with your lust, your greed, your pride, your power, your desire to control, your temper, your patience, and every area of temptation that the Bible clearly talks about. It demands the quality of commitment that Jesus demonstrates in His relationship to us.”
― Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love

“...the opposite of love is not hate -- it's apathy. It's not giving a damn. If somebody hates me, they must "feel" something ... or they couldn't possibly hate. Therefore, there's some way in which I can get to them.”
― Leo F. Buscaglia

“It’s hard to communicate anything exactly and that’s why perfect relationships between people are difficult to find.”
― Gustave Flaubert, Sentimental Education

“No matter how close we are to another person, few human relationships are as free from strife, disagreement, and frustration as is the relationship you have with a good dog. Few human beings give of themselves to another as a dog gives of itself. I also suspect that we cherish dogs because their unblemished souls make us wish - consciously or unconsciously - that we were as innocent as they are, and make us yearn for a place where innocence is universal and where the meanness, the betrayals, and the cruelties of this world are unknown.”
― Dean Koontz, A Big Little Life: A Memoir of a Joyful Dog

“If I never see you again
I will always carry you
inside
outside

on my fingertips
and at brain edges

and in centers
centers
of what I am of
what remains.”
― Charles Bukowski, Living on Luck

“I don't understand dating.. and the other things that people do.. all I know is that you ought to find the one you recognize. The one who gives you four arms, four legs, four eyes, and has the other half of your heart. There's only one of those, so what are all the other things for? Like dating?”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Being single doesn't mean you're weak, it means that you're strong enough to wait for the right person.”
― Niall Horan

“I hope we'll be friends forever, together we'll always be. I don't think you understand just how much you mean to me. And one day when we part our ways, we'll think back to the past and think about how happy we are 'cause our friendship will always last.”
― Bridget Davis

“When forever becomes a place...when forever ceases to be just a word… when it ceases to be just a measurement of time…but instead becomes a place where soul mates can dance to the song in their hearts... that is a reflection of true love.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Right now we are here, and nothing can mar our perfection, or steal the joy of this perfect moment.”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“Falling in love in a Christian way is to say,'I am excited about your future and I want to be part of getting you there. I'm signing up for the journey with you. Would you sign up for the journey to my true self with me? It's going to be hard but I want to get there.”
― Timothy Keller

“Husbands are chiefly good as lovers when they are betraying their wives.”
― Marilyn Monroe

“Love lasts about seven years. That's how long it takes for the cells of the body to totally replace themselves.”
― Francois Sagan

“We met each other when we were young, before we knew enough about disappointment, and once we did we found we reminded each other of it.”
― Nicole Krauss, The History of Love

“I didn't know someone could love me like this," she said. "Could love me and love me and love me without...needing space."
Lincoln wasn't asleep. He rolled on top of her.
"There's no air in space," he said.”
― Rainbow Rowell, Attachments

“..he may love you, he may miss you, but ultimately he's just not that into you.”
― Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys

“And for that one moment of freedom you have to listen to all that love crap... it drive me nuts sometimes... I want to kick them out immediately... I do now and then. But that doesn't keep them away. They like it, in fact. The less you notice them the more they chase after you. There's something perverse about women... they're all masochists at heart.”
― Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer

“Single is no longer a lack of options – but a choice. A choice to refuse to let your life be defined by your relationship status but to live every day Happily and let your Ever After work itself out.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“Ultimately the bond of all companionship, whether in marriage or in friendship, is conversation, and conversation must have a common basis, and between two people of widely different culture the only common basis possible is the lowest level.”
― Oscar Wilde

“When we fail to set boundaries and hold people accountable, we feel used and mistreated. This is why we sometimes attack who they are, which is far more hurtful than addressing a behavior or a choice.”
― Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection

“Please, touch me, I pray.”
― Jess C Scott, The Intern

“Words were weapons, his father had taught him that, and he'd wanted to hurt Clary more than he'd ever wanted to hurt any girl. In fact, he wasn't sure he had ever wanted to hurt a girl before. Usually he just wanted them, and then he wanted them to leave him alone.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Bones

“Love without sacrifice is like theft”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms

“I believe with all my heart that the cliches are true, that we are our own best friends and best company, and that if you're not right for yourself, it's impossible to be right for anyone.”
― Rachel Machacek, The Science of Single: One Woman's Grand Experiment in Modern Dating, Creating Chemistry, and Finding L ove

“Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken.”
― robert m drake

“My wife and I just don't have the same feelings for each other we used to have. I guess I just don't love her anymore and she doesn't love me. What can i do?"
"The feeling isn't there anymore?" I asked.
"That's right," he reaffirmed. "And we have three children we're really concerned about. What do you suggest?"
"love her," I replied.
"I told you, the feeling just isn't there anymore."
"Love her."
"You don't understand. the feeling of love just isn't there."
"Then love her. If the feeling isn't there, that's a good reason to love her."
"But how do you love when you don't love?"
"My friend , love is a verb. Love - the feeling - is a fruit of love, the verb. So love her. Serve her. Sacrifice. Listen to her. Empathize. Appreciate. Affirm her. Are you willing to do that?”
― Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change

“How could you love us being together?" he asked me "We are nothing alike and we are not meant for each other and we drive each other crazy, you love that? How can you love that?" So I told him "I know that we're not meant for each other, that we drive each other crazy, and that we are so different. But that's us. That's what we have; a wild nonsense. We are not good together, but together we are bad for each other. I love us together this way just like this. Because even if it's no good, it's what we have! It's us.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I make love with a focus and intensity that most people reserve for sleep.”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.

“She asked if I loved another woman, so I answered honestly and said, “Dinner was great, but I could go for dessert.”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.

“Hugh and I have been together for so long that in order to arouse extraordinary passion, we need to engage in physical combat. Once, he hit me on the back of the head with a broken wineglass, and I fell to the floor pretending to be unconscious. That was romantic, or would have been had he rushed to my side rather than stepping over my body to fetch the dustpan.”
― David Sedaris, Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim

“It's not your job to like me - it's mine”
― Byron Katie

“Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay.”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“It's just the most amazing thing to love a dog, isn't it? It makes our relationships with people seem as boring as a bowl of oatmeal.”
― John Grogan, Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog

“To wisely live your life, you don't need to know much
Just remember two main rules for the beginning:
You better starve, than eat whatever
And better be alone, than with whoever.”
― Omar Khayyám, Rubaiyat

“A man is lucky if he is the first love of a woman. A woman is lucky if she is the last love of a man.”
― Charles Dickens

“You can be in love and you can be in a relationship. But they’re not always the same thing.”
― pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You

“I could’ve sworn I was telling the truth when I told you I didn’t miss you.”
― pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You

“All I want from you is to trust me with what little you can, and grow in loving people around you with the same love I share with you. It's not your job to change them, or to convince them. You are free to love without an agenda.”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“I used to think I knew everything. I was a "smart person" who "got things done," and because of that, the higher I climbed, the more I could look down and scoff at what seemed silly or simple, even religion.
But I realized something as I drove home that night: that I am neither better nor smarter, only luckier. And I should be ashamed of thinking I knew everything, because you can know the whole world and still feel lost in it. So many people are in pain-no matter how smart or accomplished-they cry, they yearn, they hurt.But instead of looking down on things, they look up, which is where I should have been looking, too. Because when the world quiets to the sound of your own breathing, we all want the same things:comfort, love, and a peaceful heart.”
― Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story

“There isn't time, so brief is life, for bickerings, apologies, heartburnings, callings to account. There is only time for loving, and but an instant, so to speak, for that.”
― Mark Twain

“But it is impossible to go through life without trust; that is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all, oneself.”
― Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear

“I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like.”
― Jess C Scott, New Order

“The most important relationship in your life is the relationship you have with yourself. Because no matter what happens, you will always be with yourself.”
― Diane Von Furstenberg

“When you say "I" and "my" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the "we" and "our".”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“He knew me in all the ways that truly mattered: the shape of my fears, the contours of my dreams.”
― Justina Chen Headley

“Be sure it's your real self you're showing. Because it is your real self that needs to be loved.”
― Daphne Rose Kingma, Finding True Love: The 4 Essential Keys to Bring You the Love of Your Life

“I miss you in waves and tonight I’m drowning. You left me fending for my life and it feels like you’re the only one who can bring me back to the shore alive.”
― Denice Envall

“Every now and then, I’d meet a guy and think that we were getting along great, and suddenly I’d stop hearing from him. Not only did he stop calling, but if I happened to bump into him sometime later he always acted like I had the plague. I didn’t understand it. I still don’t. And it bothered me. It hurt me. With time, it got harder and harder to keep blaming the guys, and I eventually came to the conclusion that there was something wrong with me. That maybe I was simply meant to live my life alone.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One

“The true measure of a man is how he treats you when others are not looking.”
― Alessandra Torre

“Her face looked ugly in the attempt to avoid tears; it was an ugliness which bound him to her more than any beauty could have done. It isn't being happy together, he thought as though it were a fresh discovery, that makes one love--it's being unhappy together.”
― Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear

“Life contains but two tragedies. One is not to get your heart’s desire; the other is to get it.”
― Socrates

“Don’t spoil me with your lies, love me with your truth.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“I once loved a girl who almost loved me, but not as much as she loved John Cusack.”
― Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto

“There are all kinds of ways for a relationship to be tested, even broken, some, irrevocably; it’s the endings we’re unprepared for.”
― Katherine Owen, Not To Us

“People are islands,' she said. 'They don't really touch. However close they are, they're really quite separate. Even if they've been married for fifty years.”
― Ian Fleming, Casino Royale

“A tamed woman will never leave her mark in the world.”
― robert m drake

“To find out if she really loved me, I hooked her up to a lie detector. And just as I suspected, my machine was broken. ”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.

“I had a dream about you. You were an escalator, and I was a flight of stairs. You thought I was a Luddite, and I thought I was as ostrich, because I hadn’t figured out how to put the fly in flight. One day you broke down, and then you saw that you and I weren’t so different after all.”
― Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you. We installed Dr. Robert Jarvik’s artificial heart in a mannequin and brought it to life, only to later kill it because a creature that’s all fake heart and no brain is what’s commonly called a “politician,” and must be destroyed. ”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, I Had a Dream About You

“The best you can hope for in a relationship is to find
someone whose flaws are the sort you don’t mind. It is
futile to look for someone who has no flaws, or someone
who is capable of significant change; that sort of person
exists only in our imaginations.”
― Scott Adams, God's Debris: A Thought Experiment

“I realized I’m in love. It's always been right in front of me.”
― Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell

“Share your weaknesses. Share your hard moments. Share your real side. It'll either scare away every fake person in your life or it will inspire them to finally let go of that mirage called "perfection," which will open the doors to the most important relationships you'll ever be a part of.”
― Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing

“It can be difficult to leave a long-term relationship, even when our inner-wisdom tells us it's time to let go. At this point, we can choose let go and endure the intense pain of leaving behind the familiar to make way for a new chapter in our life. Or we can stay and suffer a low-grade pain that slowly eats away at our heart and soul, like an emotional cancer. Until we wake up, one day and realize, we are buried so deep in the dysfunction of the relationship that we scarcely remember who we were and what we wanted and needed to be.”
― Jaeda DeWalt

“How would your life be different if…You approached all relationships with authenticity and honesty? Let today be the day…You dedicate yourself to building relationships on the solid foundation of truth and authenticity.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Find a woman who makes you feel more alive. She won't make life perfect but she'll make it infinitely more interesting. And then love her with all that's in you.”
― Gayle G. Roper, Shadows on the Sand

“No matter how much you love someone, you still want to have you own way.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby

“Human relationships always help us to carry on because they always presuppose further developments, a future - and also because we live as if our only task was precisely to have relationships with other people.”
― Albert Camus

“Share too much and someone can hurt you.”
― Dorothy Koomson, My Best Friend's Girl

“Intimacy requires courage because risk is inescapable. We cannot know at the outset how the relationship will affect us. Like a chemical mixture, if one of us is changed, both of us will be. Will we grow in self-actualization, or will it destroy us? The one thing we can be certain of is that if we let ourselves fully into the relationship for good or evil, we will not come out unaffected.”
― Rollo May, The Courage to Create

“There is an emotional promiscuity we’ve noticed among many good young men and women. The young man understands something of the journey of the heart. He wants to talk, to “share the journey.” The woman is grateful to be pursued, she opens up. They share the intimacies of their lives - their wounds, their walks with God. But he never commits. He enjoys her... then leaves. And she wonders, What did I do wrong? She failed to see his passivity. He really did not ever commit or offer assurances that he would. Like Willoughby to Marianne in Sense and Sensibility.

Be careful you do not offer too much of yourself to a man until you have good, solid evidence that he is a strong man willing to commit. Look at his track record with other women. Is there anything to be concerned about there? If so, bring it up. Also, does he have any close male friends - and what are they like as men? Can he hold down a job? Is he walking with God in a real and intimate way? Is he facing the wounds of his own life, and is he also demonstrating a desire to repent of Adam’s passivity and/or violence? Is he headed somewhere with his life? A lot of questions, but your heart is a treasure, and we want you to offer it only to a man who is worthy and ready to handle it well.”
― Stasi Eldredge, Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul

“People will walk in and walk out of your life, but the one whose footstep made a long lasting impression is the one you should never allow to walk out.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“A woman can become a man's friend only in the following stages - first an acquantaince, next a mistress, and only then a friend.”
― Anton Chekhov, The Three Sisters

“Hide yourself in God, so when a man wants to find you he will have to go there first.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“The desire to love someone always exceeds the desire to be loved by someone & that's exactly why we end up loving the person who doesn't deserve that LOVE.”
― Anirban Bose, Bombay Rains, Bombay Girls

“They hurt you. You hurt 'em back. Or maybe it is the other way around. Whatever. Someday you might find a way to forgive each other. But it won't be like it used to 'cause that pain never really goes away.”
― Brian K. Vaughan, Buffy the Vampire Slayer: No Future for You

“You want to take me to a movie?" I asked.
"Well, not really," he said. "What I really want is for you to be my girlfriend. But I thought saying that might scare you off.”
― Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye

“Either you go to America with Mrs. Van Hopper or you come home to Manderley with me."
"Do you mean you want a secretary or something?"
"No, I'm asking you to marry me, you little fool.”
― Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca

“She preferred imaginary heroes to real ones, because when tired of them, the former could be shut up in the tin kitchen till called for, and the latter were less manageable.”
― Louisa May Alcott, Little Women

“He doesn't need to be reminded you're great.”
― Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys

“The more you talk about it, rehash it, rethink it, cross analyze it, debate it, respond to it, get paranoid about it, compete with it, complain about it, immortalize it, cry over it, kick it, defame it, stalk it, gossip about it, pray over it, put it down or dissect its motives it continues to rot in your brain. It is dead. It is over. It is gone. It is done. It is time to bury it because it is smelling up your life and no one wants to be near your rotted corpse of memories and decaying attitude. Be the funeral director of your life and bury that thing!”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Lately I can't help wanting us
to be like other people.
For example, if I were a smoker,

you'd lift a match to the cigarette
just as I put it between my lips.
It's never been like that

between us: none of that
easy chemistry, no quick, half automatic
flares. Everything between us

had to be learned.
Saturday finds me brooding
behind my book, all my fantasies

of seduction run up
against the rocks.
Tell me again

why you don't like
sex in the afternoon?
No, don't tell me--

I'll never understand you
never understand us, America's strangest
loving couple: they never

drink a bottle of wine together
and rarely look at each other.
Into each other's eyes, I mean.”
― Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win

“So often survivors have had their experiences denied, trivialized, or distorted. Writing is an important avenue for healing because it gives you the opportunity to define your own reality. You can say: This did happen to me. It was that bad. It was the fault & responsibility of the adult. I was—and am—innocent.” The Courage to Heal by Ellen Bass & Laura Davis”
― Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse

“Two separate beings, in different circumstances, face to face in freedom and seeking justification of their existence through one another, will always live an adventure full of risk and promise." (p. 248)”
― Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex

“We know so little about one another. We embrace a shadow and love a dream.”
― Hjalmar Söderberg, Doctor Glas

“The real thing that keeps men and women apart, is fear. Women blame men and men blame women, but the culprit is fear, women are afraid of one thing, men are afraid of a different thing; the fears of women have to do with losing while the fears of men have to do with not being good enough for something. One is loss, the other is insecurity. Men are innately more insecure than women and women are innately more needful of companionship than men. It's good for both men and women to be able to recognize and identify these fears not only within themselves, but within each other, and then men and women will see that they really do need to help each other. It's not a game, it's not a competition, the two sexes need one another.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“The best kind of humans are the ones who stay.”
― robert m drake

“i’m not scared
of the monsters

hidden underneath
my bed.

i’m much more scared
of the boys

with messy brown hair,
sleepy eyes,

& mouths
that only know

how to form
half-truths.”
― Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in This One

“Why does anyone stay in an unhappy relationship? Because people do. They do it all the time. And the truth is, when you’re in it, when you’re up to your neck in the everyday part of life with another human being, sometimes you don’t exactly notice how bad things really are. It’s not always as apparent as it would seem. Unhappiness, when it involves another person, can be like that line from The Sun Also Rises about going bankrupt, how it happens two ways: gradually, and then suddenly.”
― Sarah Dunn

“The single greatest lesson the garden teaches is that our relationship to the planet need not be zero-sum, and that as long as the sun still shines and people still can plan and plant, think and do, we can, if we bother to try, find ways to provide for ourselves without diminishing the world. ”
― Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals

“Relationships take up energy; letting go of them, psychiatrists theorize, entails mental work. When you lose someone you were close to, you have to reassess your picture of the world and your place in it. The more your identity was wrapped up with the deceased, the more difficult the loss.”
― Meghan O'Rourke

“I never hated a man enough to give him his diamonds back.”
― Zsa Zsa Gabor

“It’s all about falling in love with yourself and sharing that love with someone who appreciates you, rather than looking for love to compensate for a self love deficit.”
― Eartha Kitt

“If you're right & I'm not, I'm going to be hell to live with, she said. So, you better think about that next time you want to be right. ”
― Brian Andreas

“Sometimes to self-discover you must self-destruct.”
― robert m drake

“If he can't handle you at your worst then he does not deserve you at your best. Real love means seeing beyond the words spoken out of pain, and instead seeing a person's soul.”
― Shannon Alder, 300 Questions LDS Couples Should Ask Before Marriage

“Better to put your heart on the line, risk everything, and walk away with nothing than play it safe. Love is a lot of things, but “safe” isn’t one of them.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. So burn, let go and dive into the horror, because maybe it’s the chaos which helps us find where we belong.”
― robert m drake

“Laughter is more than just a pleasurable activity...When people laugh together, they tend to talk and touch more and to make eye contact more frequently.”
― Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun

“Tell me whom you haunt and I’ll tell you who you are.”
― Andre Breton

“So many believe that it is love that grows, but it is the knowing that grows and love simply expands to contain it.”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“Life takes a bit of time and a lot of relationship.”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“Funny how we take it for granted that we know all there is to know about another person, just because we see them frequently or because of some strong emotional tie.”
― Robert Bloch, Psycho

“What a relationship looks like on the outside isn't the same as what it's like on the inside. You can be more in love with someone in your mind than with the person you see every day.”
― Jean Kwok, Girl in Translation

“I remember one desolate Sunday night, wondering: Is this how I´m going to spend the rest of my life? Marrid to someone who is perpetually distracted and somewhat wistful, as though a marvelous party is going on in the next room, which but for me he could be attending?”
― Suzanne Finnamore

“We walked to meet each other up at the time of our love and then we have been irresistibly drifting in different directions, and there's no altering that.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn't want to be ordinary.”
― robert m drake

“Love doesn’t have to be on Valentine’s Day. It doesn’t have to be by the time you turn eighteen or thirty-three or fifty-nine. It doesn’t have to conform to whatever is usual. It doesn’t have to be kismet at once, or rhapsody by the third day.

It just has to be. In time. In place. In spirt.

It just has to be.”
― David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories

“I used to think--and given the way we ended up, maybe I still do--that all relationships need the kind of violent shove that a crush brings, just to get you started and to push you over the humps. And then, when the energy from that shove has gone and you come to something approaching a halt, you have to look around and see what you've got. It could be something completely different, it could be something roughly the same, but gentler and calmer, or it could be nothing at all.”
― Nick Hornby, High Fidelity

“This emotion I'm feeling now, this is love, right?"

"I don't know. Is it a longing? Is it a giddy stupid happiness just because you're with me?"

"Yes," she said.

"That's influenza," said Miro. "Watch for nausea or diarrhea within a few hours.”
― Orson Scott Card, Children of the Mind

“You'll blow up a helicopter, but you won't go out with me? What is wrong with you?”
― Meg Cabot, When Lightning Strikes

“Everything you want in life is a relationship away.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“He who wants a rose must respect her thorn.”
― André Gide

“It seems to me that if you place music (and books, probably, and films, and plays, and anything that makes you feel) at the center of your being, then you can’t afford to sort out your love life, start to think of it as the finished product. You’ve got to pick at it, keep it alive and in turmoil, you’ve got to pick at it and unravel it until it all comes apart and you’re compelled to start all over again. Maybe we all live life at too high a pitch, those of us who absorb emotional things all day, and as a consequence we can never feel merely content: we have to be unhappy, or ecstatically, head-over-heels happy, and those states are difficult to achieve within a stable, solid relationship.”
― Nick Hornby

“You think being dead inside is bad until someone brings you back to life and stabs you in the chest without the intention of killing you.”
― Denice Envall

“Love has no limitations. It cannot be measured. It has no boundaries. Although many have tried, love is indefinable.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Never judge someone by their relatives.”
― Charles Martin, Chasing Fireflies: A Novel of Discovery

“Women writers make for rewarding (and efficient) lovers. They are clever liars to fathers and husbands; yet they never hold their tongues too long, nor keep ardent typing fingers still.”
― Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy

“Some of the biggest challenges in relationships come from the fact that most people enter a relationship in order to get something: they're trying to find someone who's going to make them feel good. In reality, the only way a relationship will last is if you see your relationship as a place that you go to give, and not a place that you go to take. ”
― Anthony Robbins

“Madness and chaos are self-destructing but over thinking is the suicide.”
― robert m drake

“They lay silently. She was staring at something across the room. She was making him feel uncomfortable. 'It wouldn't work. It's the attraction of opposites,' he said.

We're not opposites.'

I don't mean just you and me. Women fall in love when they get to know you. Men are just the opposite. When they finally know you they're ready to leave.”
― James Salter

“Visionary feminism is a wise and loving politics. It is rooted in the love of male and female being, refusing to privilege one over the other. The soul of feminist politics is the commitment to ending patriarchal domination of women and men, girls and boys. Love cannot exist in any relationship that is based on domination and coercion. Males cannot love themselves in patriarchal culture if their very self-definition relies on submission to patriarchal rules. When men embrace feminist thinking and preactice, which emphasizes the value of mutual growth and self-actualization in all relationships, their emotional well-being will be enhanced. A genuine feminist politics always brings us from bondage to freedom, from lovelessness to loving.”
― bell hooks

“In this story
I am the poet
You're the poetry.”
― Arzum Uzun

“Theresa, I know there's a part of you that believes you can change someone, but the reality is that you can't. You can change yourself, and Garrett can change himself, but you can't do it for him.”
― Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle

“People generally didn't cheat in good relationships.”
― Emily Giffin, Something Blue

“Your heart’s strength is measured by how hard it holds on. Your self worth and faith is measured by finally letting go. However, your peace is measured by how long you don’t look back.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Most don't deserve your tears... and the ones that do will never make you cry.”
― T. Rafael Cimino, Table 21

“love one another, but make not a bond of love:
let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.
fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup.
give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loaf
sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone,
even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.”
― Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet

“Over time as most people fail the survivor's exacting test of trustworthiness, she tends to withdraw from relationships. The isolation of the survivor thus persists even after she is free.”
― Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror

“My dad had limitations. That's what my good-hearted mom always told us. He had limitations, but he meant no harm. It was kind of her to say, but he did do harm.”
― Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl

“How was I supposed to know what’s real and what’s not? It feels like I’m the only one who doesn’t know the difference.”
― Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before

“I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. ”
― Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading

“I'm done. I don't need anything more out of life. I have you, and that's enough.”
― Alessandra Torre

“I had a dream about you last night. The champagne was non-alcoholic. You didn't notice, and laughed at my jokes anyway.”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“Time has its revenges, but revenge seems so often sour. Wouldn’t we all do better not trying to understand, accepting the fact that no human being will ever understand another, not a wife with a husband, nor a parent a child? Perhaps that’s why men have invented God – a being capable of understanding. ”
― Graham Greene, The Quiet American

“Bathsheba loved Troy in the way that only self-reliant women love when they abandon their self-reliance. When a strong woman recklessly throws away her strength she is worse than a weak woman who has never any strength to throw away. One source of her inadequacy is the novelty of the occasion. She has never had practice in making the best of such a condition. Weakness is doubly weak by being new.”
― Thomas Hardy, Far From the Madding Crowd

“Daughter! Get you an honest Man for a Husband, and keep him honest. No matter whether he is rich, provided he be independent. Regard the Honour and moral Character of the Man more than all other Circumstances. Think of no other Greatness but that of the soul, no other Riches but those of the Heart. An honest, Sensible humane Man, above all the Littlenesses of Vanity, and Extravagances of Imagination, labouring to do good rather than be rich, to be usefull rather than make a show, living in a modest Simplicity clearly within his Means and free from Debts or Obligations, is really the most respectable Man in Society, makes himself and all about him the most happy.”
― John Adams, Letters of John Adams, Addressed to His Wife

“She is delightfully chaotic; a beautiful mess. Loving her is a splendid adventure.”
― Steve Maraboli

“In the best, the friendliest and simplest relations flattery or praise is necessary, just as grease is necessary to keep wheels turning. ”
― Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“Then you must tell 'em dat love ain't somethin' lak uh grindstone dat's de same thing everywhere and do de same thing tuh everything it touch. Love is lak de sea. It's uh movin' thing, but still and all, it takes its shape from de shore it meets, and it's different with every shore.”
― Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God

“Don't answer the door in a wedding dress and veil, he might not think you're joking.”
― Amy Sedaris, I Like You: Hospitality Under the Influence

“I thought he should have realized sooner that important people don't show up very often, and you should hold on to them when they do. Maybe I was smarter than he was all along, because that was something I'd always known.”
― Lorraine Zago Rosenthal, Other Words for Love

“Basically, all women are nurturers and healers, and all men are mental patients to varying degrees.”
― Nelson DeMille, The General's Daughter

“Delusion detests focus and romance provides the veil.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Until we can receive with an open heart, we are never really giving with an open heart.”
― Brene Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection

“Trust and faith bring joy to life and help relationships grow to their maximum potential.”
― Joyce Meyer, Battlefield of the Mind: Winning the Battle in Your Mind

“To us, your power comes from one simple thing: you’re a woman, and we men will do
anything humanly possible to impress you so that, ultimately, we can be with you. You’re the driving force behind why we wake up every day. Men go out and get jobs and hustle to make
money because of women. We drive fancy cars because of women. We dress nice, put on cologne, get haircuts and try to look all shiny and new for you. We do all of this because the more our game is stepped up, the more of you we get. You’re the ultimate prize to us.”
― Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment

“Having a sister or a friend is like sitting at night in a lighted house. Those outside can watch you if they want, but you need not see them. You simply say, "Here are the perimeters of our attention. If you prowl around under the windows till the crickets go silent, we will pull the shades. If you wish us to suffer your envious curiosity, you must permit us not to notice it." Anyone with one solid human bond is that smug, and it is the smugness as much as the comfort and safety that lonely people covet and admire.”
― Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping

“You didn't just cheat on me; you cheated on us. You didn't just break my heart; you broke our future.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“So I learned two things that night, and the next day, from him: the perfection of a moment, and the fleeting nature of it.”
― Margaret George, The Memoirs of Cleopatra

“the wounded child inside many males is a boy who, when he first spoke his truths, was silenced by paternal sadism, by a patriarchal world that did not want him to claim his true feelings. The wounded child inside many females is a girl who was taught from early childhood that she must become something other than herself, deny her true feelings, in order to attract and please others. When men and women punish each other for truth telling, we reinforce the notion that lies are better. To be loving we willingly hear the other’s truth, and most important, we affirm the value of truth telling. Lies may make people feel better, but they do not help them to know love.”
― bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions

“A friend is someone whose face you can see in the dark.”
― Frances O'Roark Dowell, The Secret Language of Girls

“One minute of reconciliation is worth more than a whole life of friendship!”
― Gabriel Garcí­a Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude

“Relationships are treated like Dixie cups. They are the same. They are disposable. If it does not work, drop it, throw it away, get another.
Committed bonds (including marriage) cannot last when this is the prevailing logic. Most of us are unclear about what to do to protect and strengthen caring bonds when our self-centered needs are not being met.”
― bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions

“I think when men hear that women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anywhere. I want a guy who is entrenched in his own life.”
― Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?

“She was broken, I think it’s because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken.”
― robert m drake

“Why be alone when we can be together baby
You can make my life worthwhile
And I can make you start to smile”
― Mr. Big

“A broken heart is just the growing pains necessary so that you can love more completely when the real thing comes along.”
― J.S.B. Morse, Now and at the Hour of Our Death

“Truth builds trust.”
― Marilyn Suttle

“Encouragement requires empathy and seeing the world from your spouse's perspective. We must first learn what is important to our spouse. Only then can we give encouragement. With verbal encouragement, we are trying to communicate, "I know. I care. I am with you. How can I help?" We are trying to show that we believe in him and in his abilities. We are giving credit and praise.”
― Gary Chapman, The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate

“I used to loathe ambivalence; now I adore it. Ambivalence is my new best friend.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“Never knew what a friendship was, Never knew how to really love, You can't be what I need you to, & I don't know why I fuck with you”
― Erykah Badu

“Somewhere between love and hate lies confusion, misunderstanding and desperate hope.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“To be deeply loved, means a willingness to cut yourself wide open, exposing your vulnerabilities... hopes, hurts, fears and flaws. Hiding behind the highlight reel of who you are, is the real you and that person is just as worthy of love. There is nothing more terrifying or fulfilling, than complete love, it's worth the risk... reach for it.”
― Jaeda DeWalt

“Appreciate the moment of a first kiss; it may be the last time you own your heart.”
― robert m drake

“The strength of a man isn't seen in the power of his arms. It's seen in the love with which he EMBRACES you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Society will always be too fragile to accept us for all that makes us beautiful.”
― robert m drake

“The heart is like a woman, and the head is like a man, and although man is the head of woman, woman is the heart of man, and she turns man's head because she turns his heart.”
― Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock

“There is no mystery-- that's the beauty of it. We are entirely explicable to each other, and yet we stay. What a miracle that is.”
― Kamila Shamsie, Broken Verses

“I can see that the sadness has returned. And it's not a beautiful sadness- beautiful sadness is a myth. Sadness turns our features to clay, not porcelain.”
― David Levithan , Every Day

“Be a bit of a challenge; not because you're playing games but because you realize you're worth the extra effort.”
― Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass

“One thing I've learned is it's better to be addicted to things than people. You get hooked on a thing and if someone takes it from you, you can find another source. Only people can really hurt you. Only people can push you out into the cold permanently.”
― A.M. Riley, Immortality is the Suck

“I will never deny that life isn't fair. It seems as though when a woman leaves a man she is strong and independent, but when a man leaves a woman he is a pig and a jerk.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“With each reunion (we) had to learn each other all over again. There was always that nervous moment at the airport when I would stand there waiting for him to arrive, wondering, Will I still know him? Will he still know me?”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage

“Regrets came up and asked me if I’d like to own them. Declined them for the most part but took a few just so I wouldn’t leave this relationship empty handed.”
― Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole

“There was no one to be seen so she gave in freely to her sobs as she made her way home, pressed her arms against her stomach; the pain lodged in there like an ill-tempered foetus.
Let a person in and he hurts you.
There was a reason why she kept her relationships brief. Don't let them in. Once they're inside they have more potential to hurt you. Comfort yourself. You can live with the anguish as long as it only involves yourself. As long as there is no hope.”
― John Ajvide Lindqvist, Let the Right One In

“A person shows signs of clutching on too fast, of being needy, of not hearing the word "no," of jealousy, of guarding you and your freedom. But the signs can be so small they skitter right past you. Sometimes they dance past, looking satiny, something you should applaud. Someone's jealousy can make you feel good. Special. But it's not even about you. It's about a hand that is already gripping. It's about their need, circling around your throat”
― Deb Caletti, Stay

“To be honest, it was pretty hard to leave. I desperately wanted to turn around, and tell him everything would be okay. That I adore him and I trust him and that I'll stand by him while he goes through this tough time. But I'm just too tired. I'm thirty years old. I'm tired of relationships that are always painful. I'm tired of hurting. I'm tired of waiting by the phone, and second-guessing what a guy says and trusting someone not to hurt me. Again. I've been storming the relationship castle for fifteen years, and I still don't have my prince. I've got a bunch of battle scars from the field and I want to go home and nurse my wounds. I don't want to fight anymore.”
― Kim Gruenenfelder, A Total Waste of Makeup

“I had a dream about you last night.. you were holding a pine cone and introducing him as Gerald.”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“I think of how each person in a marriage owes it to the other to find individual happiness, even in a shared life. That this is the only way to grow together, instead of apart.”
― Emily Giffin, Heart of the Matter

“Love is giving up control. It’s surrendering the desire to control the other person. The two—love and controlling power over the other person—are mutually exclusive. If we are serious about loving someone, we have to surrender all the desires within us to manipulate the relationship.”
― Rob Bell, Sex God: Exploring the Endless Connections Between Sexuality and Spirituality

“أريدك أن تعرف المزيد عن النساء مما لن تخبرك به واحده منهن.. إن النساء لا يطلبن الاهتمام ولكنهن يسعين إلى يجدن ذلك الرجل الذى يهتم بهن فعلا..”
― شيرين هنائي, صندوق الدمى

“You get lonely, is what it is. A person's not supposed to go through life with absolutely nobody. It's not normal. The longer you go by yourself the weirder you get, and the weirder you get the longer you go by yourself. It's a loop and you gotta do something to get out of it.”
― Jim Shepard

“I hate the way, once you start to know someone, care about them, their behavior can distress you, even when it's unreasonable and not your fault, even if you were really trying to be careful, tactful.”
― Tanith Lee, Wolf Star

“I need to figure out the secret. I need to work out how to keep things flying back to me instead of always flying away.”
― Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home

“Jesus waited three days to come back to life. It was perfect! If he had only waited one day, a lot of people wouldn't have even heard he died. They'd be all, "Hey Jesus, what up?" and Jesus would probably be like, "What up? I died yesterday!" and they'd be all, "Uh, you look pretty alive to me, dude..." and then Jesus would have to explain how he was resurrected, and how it was a miracle, and the dude'd be like "Uhh okay, whatever you say, bro..." And he's not gonna come back on a Saturday. Everybody's busy, doing chores, workin' the loom, trimmin' the beard, NO. He waited the perfect number of days, three. Plus it's Sunday, so everyone's in church already, and they're all in there like "Oh no, Jesus is dead", and then BAM! He bursts in the back door, runnin' up the aisle, everyone's totally psyched, and FYI, that's when he invented the high five. That's why we wait three days to call a woman, because that's how long Jesus wants us to wait.... True story.”
― Barney Stinson

“Annabeth realized that if six of them went on these two quests, it would leave Percy alone on the ship with Coach Hedge, which was maybe not a situation a caring girlfriend should put him in. Nor was she eager to let Percy out of her sight again—not after they’d been apart for so many months.”
― Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena

“If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you.”
― robert m drake

“It’s funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of.”
― robert m drake

“The truth is I didn’t need therapy; I just needed to feel loved and know that someone out there craved my attention.”
― robert m drake

“Suddenly, everything was beautiful. The way she viewed the world was nothing more but a reflection of herself.”
― robert m drake

“Relationships never provide you with everything. They provide you with some things. You take all the things you want from a person -- sexual chemistry, let's say, or good conversation, or financial support, or intellectual compatibility, or niceness, or loyalty -- and you get to pick three of those things. The rest you have to look for elsewhere. It's only in the movies that you find someone who gives you all those things. But this isn't the movies. In the real world, you have to identify which three qualities you want to spend the rest of your life with, and then you look for those qualities in another person. That's real life. Don't you see it's a trap? If you keep trying to find everything, you'll wind up with nothing.”
― Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life

“But what are loyalty and caring really worth?"
"To me? Everything.”
― Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily

“In any relationship in which two people become one, the end result is two half people.”
― Wayne W. Dyer

“I just want someone to hear what I have to say. And maybe if I talk long enough, it’ll make sense.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“Asking for help with shame says:
You have the power over me.
Asking with condescension says:
I have the power over you.
But asking for help with gratitude says:
We have the power to help each other.”
― Amanda Palmer, The Art of Asking; or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Let People Help

“There's never a reason to trust someone. If there's a reason, then it's not trust.”
― Gerald Morris, The Quest of the Fair Unknown

“We've lost a lot of years, but you can't lose love. Not real love. It stays locked inside you, ready for whenever you are strong enough to find it again.”
― Martina Boone, Compulsion

“Nothing is stranger or more ticklish than a relationship between people who know each other only by sight, who meet and observe each other daily - no hourly - and are nevertheless compelled to keep up the pose of an indifferent stranger, neither greeting nor addressing each other, whether out of etiquette or their own whim.”
― Thomas Mann, Death in Venice

“I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you.”
― robert m drake

“To be human is to be broken and broken is its own kind of beautiful.”
― robert m drake

“Relationships are never about power, and one way to avoid the will to power is to choose to limit oneself- to serve.”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“After their encounter on the approach to Jupiter, there would aways be a secret bond between them---not of love, but of tenderness, which is often more enduring.”
― Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Odyssey Two

“You will have five hundred million little bells, and I shall have five hundred million springs of fresh water...”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

“It's better to have a few faithful friends than numerous shallow friendships.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable

“Our love was a two-person game. At least until one of us died, and the other became a murderer. ”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.

“A relationship isn't something that has to be created in a day or perfected in a day. Part of the game is to keep working on it. It's something that'll always be just a little flawed.”
― Nora Roberts

“Sometimes you get everything you ever wanted, only it doesn't look like what you wanted anymore.”
― Leila Sales, Past Perfect

“I had a dream about you. I was sitting on your couch, relating my succession of ideas on subconscious influence. I asked you what they meant, and you told me that free associations were a bad way to advance my political career.”
― Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You

“Over time, any deception destroys intimacy, and without intimacy couples cannot have true and lasting love.”
― Bonnie Eaker Weil, Financial Infidelity: Seven Steps to Conquering the #1 Relationship Wrecker

“So that’s how we live our lives. No matter how deep and fatal the
loss, no matter how important the thing that's stolen from us - that's
snatched right out of our hands - even if we are left completely
changed, with only the outer layer of skin from before, we continue to
play out our lives this way, in silence. We draw ever nearer to the
end of our allotted span of time, bidding it farewell as it trails off
behind. Repeating, often adroitly, the endless deeds of the everyday.
Leaving behind a feeling of insurmountable emptiness...
Maybe, in some distant place, everything is already, quietly, lost.
Or at least there exists a silent place where everything can
disappear, melting together in a single, overlapping figure. And as
we live our lives we discover - drawing toward us the thin threads
attached to each - what has been lost. I closed my eyes and tried to
bring to mind as many beautiful lost things as I could. Drawing them
closer, holding on to them. Knowing all the while that their lives
are fleeting.”
― Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart

“Men are jealous of every woman, even when they don’t have the slightest interest in her themselves.”
― Jan Neruda, Prague Tales

“I'm tired of waiting by the phone, and second-guessing what a guy says and trusting someone not to hurt me. Again. I've been storming the relationship castle for fifteen years, and I still don't have my prince. I've got a bunch of battle scars from the field and I want to go home and nurse my wounds. I don't want to fight anymore.”
― Kim Gruenenfelder, A Total Waste of Makeup

“If you have feelings for someone, let them know. It doesn’t matter if they can be in your life or not. Maybe, it is just enough for both of you to release the truth, so healing can occur. The opposite is true, as well. If you don’t have feelings for someone then never let another person suggest that you do. Protect your reputation and be responsible for the wrong information spread about you. Never allow anyone to live with a false belief or unfounded hope about you. An honorable person sets the record straight, so that person can move on with their life.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“But I think we both knew, even then, that what we had was something even more rare, and even more meaningful. I was going to be his friend, and was going to show him possibilities. And he, in turn, would become someone I could trust more than myself.”
― David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy

“If there is one thing I can pass on from my humbling experiences in life, thus far, I will tell you this, the next time someone tells you "the absence of expectations is the absence of disappointment, do not listen. Have expectations. Keep them great. It'll be a very bumpy ride. You'll even get bruised, sometimes very badly. Sometimes, you'll come to an abrupt halt or even fall off your ride. But you'll grow. And if you do not grow, you do not live.”
― Pandora Poikilos

“What if we just acknowledged that we have a bad relationship, and we stuck it out, anyway? What if we admitted that we make each other nuts, we fight constantly and hardly ever have sex, but we can't live without each other, so we deal with it? And then we could spend our lives together -- in misery, but happy to not be apart.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert

“To respect the dignity of a relationship also implies accepting the end when it comes. Except in my mind, except in my dreams, where the aftertaste of her still lingers.”
― Andre Brink, Before I Forget

“You don't stop loving someone just because you hate them.”
― Hanif Kureishi, Intimacy

“She was still under the spell of her infatuation. She had tried to forget him, realizing the inutility of remembering. But the thought of him was like an obsession, ever pressing itself upon her. It was not that she dwelt upon details of their acquaintance, or recalled in any special or peculiar way his personality; it was his being, his existence, which dominated her thought, fading sometimes as if it would melt into the mist of the forgotten, reviving again with an intensity which filled her with an incomprehensible longing.”
― Kate Chopin, The Awakening

“To love everyone unconditionally does not mean to give everyone your unconditional time. Sometimes, to love completely, we must never see someone again. This, too, is love. This is giving someone the freedom to exist and be happy, even if it must be without you.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“She was broken from moment to moment, watching her world collide she felt lost inside herself. She fell apart for a passion that flamed beneath her. She waited and died a hundred times, it dripped from her pores. The moment she let go, she soared over the stillness like the star she was born to be.”
― robert m drake

“Ask yourself, does this person make me feel good about myself? Do I feel safe, strong and free with this person? Those are the questions you need to ask....You have to be strong to truly be open.”
― April Sinclair, I Left My Back Door Open

“It was never about the world being too big, it was more like she was too much for the world to handle.”
― robert m drake

“When we love someone our love becomes demonstrable or real only through our exertion - through the fact that for that someone (or for ourself) we take an extra step or walk an extra mile. Love is not effortless. To the contrary, love is effortful.”
― M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values and Spiritual Growth

“Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much or maybe I love too much to just give up on you.”
― robert m drake

“If you walked away from a

toxic, negative, abusive,

one-sided, dead-end

low vibrational

relationship or friendship

— you won.”
― Lalah Delia

“Nobody is so busy that they can't make time for the people they really care about.”
― leila sales, Past Perfect

“Love doesn't come with an on-off switch. It's made of too many threads of memory and hope and heartache that weave themselves into the very core of who you are.”
― Martina Boone, Compulsion

“Most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly.”
― William Shakespeare, As You Like It

“I had a dream about you last night... you were a giant slinky and I watched you fall down the stairs.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“The bank of love is never bankrupt.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“They had, finally, the only thing anyone really wants in life: someone to hold your hand when you die.”
― Lorrie Moore, Anagrams

“Roen snorted. "You two have the strangest relationship in the Dells."

Archer smiled slightly. "She won't consent to make it a marriage."

"I can't imagine what's stopping her. I don't suppose you've considered being less munificent with your love?"

"Would you marry me, Fire, if I slept in no one's bed but yours?"

He knew the answer to that, but it didn't hurt to remind him. "No, and I should find my bed quite cramped.”
― Kristin Cashore, Fire

“When the person you love can't see your love for them beneath the painful things you say when they reject you, remember this: Love is blind.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“We are the sum of all people we have ever met; you change the tribe and the tribe changes you.”
― Dirk Wittenborn, Fierce People

“Dominator culture teaches all of us that the core of our identity is defined by the will to dominate and control others. We are taught that this will to dominate is more biologically hardwired in males than in females. In actuality, dominator culture teaches us that we are all natural-born killers but that males are more able to realize the predator role. In the dominator model the pursuit of external power, the ability to manipulate and control others, is what matters most. When culture is based on a dominator model, not only will it be violent but it will frame all relationships as power struggles.”
― bell hooks

“It is not lies or a lack of loyalty that ends a relationship. It is the agonizing truth that one person feels in their heart on a daily basis. It is realizing that you are coping and not living. It is the false belief that there is a verse, quote, phrase or talk that will magically make you feel content, complete or not care. However, it doesn’t last longer than a few days, before your mind and heart goes back to what it wants. It is the moment you realize that you left without ever leaving. It is the moment you realize that fear, shame or guilt is the only thing standing in the way of the life God meant for you to live.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Perhaps love is a minor madness. And as with madness, it's unendurable alone. The one person who can relieve us is of course the sole person we cannot go to: the one we love. So instead we seek out allies, even among strangers and wives, fellow patients who, if they can't touch the edge of our particular sorrow, have felt something that cuts nearly as deep.”
― Andrew Sean Greer, The Story of a Marriage

“Sometimes not talking is effortless, and other times it’s more exhausting than lifting pianos.”
― Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole

“Was it necessary to tell me that you wanted nothing in the world but me?'

The corners of his mouth drooped peevishly.

Oh, my dear, it's rather hard to take quite literally the things a man says when he's in love with you.'

Didn't you mean them?'

At the moment.”
― W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil

“What is it about men that make women so lonely?”
― Elliot Perlman

“Truth is, something that I thought was perfect was taken away from me, and I never wanted perfect again. I wanted middle of the road, stuff I didn’t care about so that I couldn’t lose anything I really loved ever again.”
― Cecelia Ahern, The Time of My Life

“He feared me as many men fear women: because their mistresses (or their wives) understand them. They are scarcely adult, some men: they wish women to understand them, and to that end they tell them all their secrets; and then, when they are properly understood, they hate their women for understanding them.”
― Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot

“What marriage offers - and what fidelity is meant to protect - is the possibility of moments when what we have chosen and what we desire are the same. Such a convergence obviously cannot be continuous. No relationship can continue very long at its highest emotional pitch. But fidelity prepares us for the return of these moments, which give us the highest joy we can know; that of union, communion, atonement (in the root sense of at-one-ment)...
To forsake all others does not mean - because it cannot mean - to ignore or neglect all others, to hide or be hidden from all others, or to desire or love no others. To live in marriage is a responsible way to live in sexuality, as to live in a household is a responsible way to live in the world. One cannot enact or fulfill one's love for womankind or mankind, or even for all the women or men to whom one is attracted. If one is to have the power and delight of one's sexuality, then the generality of instinct must be resolved in a responsible relationship to a particular person. Similarly, one cannot live in the world; that is, one cannot become, in the easy, generalizing sense with which the phrase is commonly used, a "world citizen." There can be no such think as a "global village." No matter how much one may love the world as a whole, one can live fully in it only by living responsibly in some small part of it. Where we live and who we live there with define the terms of our relationship to the world and to humanity. We thus come again to the paradox that one can become whole only by the responsible acceptance of one's partiality.
(pg.117-118, "The Body and the Earth")”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“I was trying to decide if you still had free will as a wolf. If I was a terrible person for planning to drug my girlfriend and drag her back to my house to keep in the basement.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, Forever

“So many events and moments that seemed insignificant add up. I remember how for the last Valentine´s Day, N gave flowers but no card. In restaurants, he looked off into the middle distance while my hand would creep across the table to hold his. He would always let go first. I realize I can´t remember his last spontaneous gesture of affection.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“She knew that what she was going through was nothing special, just garden-variety heartbreak, the sort of thing that poets and novelists had been writing about for hundreds of years, but she also knew, from those same books, that there were people who never recover form it, ones who go on through life beset by a dim and painful longing.”
― Sarah Dunn

“Some of the most beautiful things we have in life comes from our mistakes.”
― Surgeo Bell

“He carries stars in his pockets
because he knows
she fears the dark.
Whenever sadness pays her a visit
he paints galaxies
on the back of her hands.”
― Alaska Gold, Growing Light

“Eve: “If you ended up naked and dead with another woman, I'd do the Rumba on your corpse.”
Roarke: “You can't do the Rumba.”
Eve: “I'd take lessons first.”

Roarke: “You might very well. Not that you'll ever get the chance, but you'd also grieve.”
Eve: “Wouldn't give you the satisfaction. You cheating f-wit putz. "

Roarke: “You'd weep in the dark and call my name.”
Eve: “Call your name alright. How are things in hell? You dickless bastard. And I'd laugh and laugh, that's how I''d call your name.”
Roarke: “Christ Jesus Eve, I love you.”

--Eve, Roarke”
― J.D. Robb, Divided in Death

“..I find it incredible impossible not to cry when I hear Stevie Nicks's "Landslide," especially the lyric: "I've been afraid of changing, because I've built my life around you." I think a good test to see if a human is actually a robot/android/cylon is to have them listen to this song lyric and study their reaction. If they don't cry, you should stab them through the heart. You will find a fusebox.”
― Mindy Kaling

“Oh, he did look like a deity – the perfect balance of danger and charm, he was at the same time fascinating and inaccessible, distant because of his demonstrated flawlessness, and possessing such strength of character that he was dismaying and at the same time utterly attractive in an enticing and forbidden way.”
― Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice

“A soul mate is not found. A soul mate is recognized.”
― Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness

“Trying to fall out of love is like trying to climb a mountain. Blindfolded, on crutches, naked in a hail storm.”
― Louise Caiola

“You cold or something?' he said. She strained against him; she wanted to pass clear through him: 'It's a chill, it's nothing'; and then, pushing a little away: 'Say you love me.'

I said it.'

No, oh no. You haven't. I was listening. And you never do.'

Well, give me time.'

Please.'

He sat up and glanced at a clock across the room. It was after five. Then decisively he pulled off his windbreaker and began to unlace his shoes.

Aren't you going to, Clyde?'

He grinned back at her. 'Yeah, I'm going to.'

I don't mean that; and what's more, I don't like it: you sound as though you were talking to a whore.'

Come off it, honey. You didn't drag me up here to tell you about love.'

You disgust me,' she said.

Listen to her! She's sore!'

A silence followed that circulated like an aggrieved bird. Clyde said, 'You want to hit me, huh? I kind of like you when you're sore: that's the kind of girl you are,' which made Grady light in his arms when he lifted and kissed her. 'You still want me to say it?' Her head slumped on his shoulder. 'Because I will,' he said, fooling his fingers in her hair. 'Take off your clothes--and I'll tell it to you good.”
― Truman Capote, Summer Crossing

“ان اكبر تحديات الرجل ترجمة كلام المرأة اذا تحدثت و مساندتها بالتفهم والتأييد المناسبين للموقف و لمشاعرها... و اكبر تحديات المرأة تأويل صمت الرجل و مساندته بتقبله و دعمه بان تترك له المساحة التي يحتاج اليها”
― John Gray, Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus

“I look back to where my life had been. It's always risky to think of letting go. That's why this is the perfect ending. Nothing left to reconcile.”
― Loretta Ellsworth, In a Heartbeat

“Marriage as a long conversation. - When marrying you should ask yourself this question: do you believe you are going to enjoy talking with this woman into your old age? Everything else in a marriage is transitory, but most of the time that you're together will be devoted to conversation.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human: A Book for Free Spirits

“He gave her a quick, casual kiss on the cheek first. Then came the hug, and it was the hug that always made Laurel’s heart mush. Serious grip, cheek to the hair, eyes closed, just a little sway. Del’s hugs mattered, she thought, and made him impossible to resist.”
― Nora Roberts, Savor the Moment

“I had a dream about you last night. I was alone on a dark night and you came to me as a firefly. I knew it was you because you were the brightest.”
― Crystal Hudson, Dreaming is for lovers

“I never tell my boyfriend that I'm busy when I'm not. No matter how effective they are, cheap techniques like that just don't agree with me. So it's always okay, it's always all right. In my opinion the surest way to hook a man is to be as open with him as possible.”
― Banana Yoshimoto, Asleep

“Some people don’t realize what they have until it’s gone, but that does not always mean they are supposed to get it back.”
― Stephan Labossiere

“You’re not a bad person, you’re just a little bit different and I’m a sucker for that.”
― robert m drake

“...he prayed fundamentally as a gesture of love for what had gone and would go and could be loved in no other way. When he prayed he touched his parents, who could not otherwise be touched, and he touched a feeling that we are all children who lose our parents, all of us, every man and woman and boy and girl, and we too will all be lost by those who come after us and love us, and this loss unites humanity, unites every human being, the temporary nature of our being-ness, and our shared sorrow, the heartache we each carry and yet too often refuse to acknowledge in one another, and out of this Saeed felt it might be possible, in the face of death, to believe in humanity's potential for building a better world, so he prayed as a lament, as a consolation, and as a hope....”
― Mohsin Hamid, Exit West

“Women and men who have established no-lie relationships talk about them with reverence, even when they are not permanent and, in fact, even when they are not romantic. Why? In the no-lie relationship there is acceptance of who each partner is, rather than a shallow idealization. There is a genuine commitment to the relationship beyond the immediate. You each act as though you are in a real partnership that will last.”
― Dory Hollander, 101 Lies Men Tell Women -- And Why Women Believe Them

“With the cure, relationships are all the same, and rules and expectations are defined. Without the cure, relationships must be reinvented every day, languages constantly decoded and deciphered. Freedom is exhausting.”
― Lauren Oliver, Requiem

“Playing the victim role: Manipulator portrays him- or herself as a victim of circumstance or of someone else's behavior in order to gain pity, sympathy or evoke compassion and thereby get something from another. Caring and conscientious people cannot stand to see anyone suffering and the manipulator often finds it easy to play on sympathy to get cooperation.”
― George K. Simon Jr., In Sheep's Clothing: Understanding and Dealing with Manipulative People

“I had a dream about you. You were lost in a daydream, when I walked in and you began screaming. But I know that could never actually happen. In real life I only enter people’s nightmares.”
― Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You

“A beautiful thing happens when we start paying attention to each other. It is by participating more in your relationship that you breathe life into it.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I've heard that people stand in bad situations because a relationship like that gets turned up by degrees. It is said that a frog will jump out of a pot of boiling water. Place him in a pot and turn it up a little at a time, and he will stay until he is boiled to death. Us frogs understand this.”
― Deb Caletti, Stay

“I don't deserve you. I'm not made for relationships. I know I'm going to fuck this up. I'm going to drive you away or do something to hurt you, and you'll be added to my list of people I screwed over. You should walk away now.”
― M.A. Stacie, Unwritten Rules

“Solid character will reflect itself in consistent behavior, while poor character will seek to hide behind deceptive words and actions.”
― Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating

“You don't fix a man the way you do a fault in a pipe or a leak in a roof. You take him as he is, Mary Brenna, or you don't take him at all...adjustments can't be all made on one side, darling, else the balance goes off and what's being built just falls down.”
― Nora Roberts, Tears of the Moon

“I pictured Cupid sitting in a crappy little bar, drunk and depressed, while he moaned to the bartender, "That Jasmine Parks, gods, she pisses me off! Did you see what she just did? Totally blew off this immortal stud to play kiss-the-boo-boo with a fickle little rent-a-cop. Why? 'Cause she's the biggest chickenshit on the planet! I'm ready to toss my bow and pick up a bazooka!”
― Jennifer Rardin, Once Bitten, Twice Shy

“She never got a chance to fall out of love, to do it properly, slowly and thoroughly, and the result was he was like a phantom limb. Gone but still there. And like a true phantom limb, the preponderance of feelings associated with him were painful.”
― Sarah Dunn

“Every broken heart has screamed at one time or another: Why can't you see who I truly am?”
― Shannon L. Alder

“It was completely fifth garde and completely silly and I loved it, because he wasn't afraid to be silly. It was like kissing him first - I could do whatever I wanted and not have to worry what he'd think of me.”
― Kelley Armstrong, The Gathering

“Pundits are always blaming TV for making people stupid, movies for desensitizing the world to violence, and rock music for making kids take drugs and kill themselves. These things should be the least of our worries. The main problem with mass media is that it makes it impossible to fall in love with any acumen of normalcy. There is no 'normal,' because everybody is being twisted by the same sources simultaneously. ”
― Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto

“We kissed each other until we were too tired to keep going. I could still feel him holding back. It was my penance for what I had done to him. All I could do was hope the walls would fall and that I could have all of him again, but I was always leaving and he was tired of watching me walk away. We both knew that I couldn’t stay and that he couldn’t come with me, but still, we couldn’t let go.”
― Kimberly Novosel, Loved

“All's fair in love and war," said Ron brightly, "and this is a bit of both.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows

“[Marriage] happens as with cages: the birds without despair to get in, and those within despair of getting out.”
― Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays

“Love is something you do for someone else, not something you do for yourself.”
― Gary Chapman, The Five Love Languages Singles Edition

“I have never bought into the idea that blood is thicker than water. Love and respect are meant to be earned from our children, our spouses, our families, and our friends.”
― Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina

“Prince or commoner, tenor or bass,
Painter or plumber or never-do-well,
Do me a favor and shut your face -
Poets alone should kiss and tell.”
― Dorothy Parker, The Collected Dorothy Parker

“A family can be the bane of one's existence. A family can also be most of the meaning of one's existence. I don't know whether my family is bane or meaning, but they have surely gone away and left a large hole in my heart.”
― Keri Hulme, The Bone People

“She wildly burned for the one she loved and he stood there watching, hoping he too would catch a blaze from the violence stirring in her heart.”
― robert m drake

“Maybe love was meant to save us from ourselves.”
― robert m drake

“Everyday it gets easier to connect with an electronic device that it is to connect with real people.”
― Pablo

“It's always hard to remember love - years pass and you say to yourself, Was I really in love, or was I just kidding myself? Was I really in love, or was I just pretending he was the man of my dreams? Was I really in love, or was I just desperate?”
― Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad About My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman

“Love falls in love with love;
comes like an echo sounding back,
searches its mirrored shadow
within a look. ”
― Mocco Wollert

“You can argue that it's a different world now than the one when Matthew Shepard was killed, but there is a subtle difference between tolerance and acceptance. It's the distance between moving into the cul-de-sac and having your next door neighbor trust you to keep an eye on her preschool daughter for a few minutes while she runs out to the post office. It's the chasm between being invited to a colleague's wedding with your same-sex partner and being able to slow-dance without the other guests whispering.”
― Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home

“I had a dream about you last night. I could fly. I was going to use this power to impress you, but you were too heavy to carry, so I won you over with my personality instead”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“Ask anyone and they'll most likely say their family is crazy, and if they don't say their family is crazy, their friends are crazy. That's because everyone is crazy after taking the mask off. People are most themselves when not really trying to fit in, when either alone or around those already closest to them, and that is crazy.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Love grows from stable relationships, shared experience, loyalty, devotion, trust.”
― Richard Wright

“We need to bridge our sense of loneliness and disconnection with a sense of community and continuity even if we must manufacture it from our time on the Web and our use of calling cards to connect long distance. We must “log on” somewhere, and if it is only in cyberspace, that is still far better than nowhere at all. (264)”
― Julia Cameron, God is No Laughing Matter

“I despise my own hypersensitiveness, which requires so much reassurance. It is certainly abnormal to crave so much to be loved and understood.”
― Anaïs Nin

“I had a dream about you last night. The best day of my life was when I taught you how to juggle, but the best day of yours was when you taught someone else.”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you last night.. You were playing with chicken livers and told me everyone was in quarantine.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“There’s nothing like that feeling of waiting for a guy. It’s the loneliest feeling in the world. Holding that cell phone in your hand as you take out the trash, use the bathroom, change the litter box. Fearful that the one second you aren’t looking will be when they call. Pathetic. And something I have done as recently as last week.”
― Hilary Winston, My Boyfriend Wrote a Book About Me: And Other Stories I Shouldn't Share with Acquaintances, Coworkers, Taxi drivers, Assistants, Job Interviewers, Bikini Waxers, and Ex/Current/Future Boyfriends but Have

“He thought about this for a second. "True. But if you never really make friends, you probably don't have anyone to be your 2 a.m. Which would kind of suck.
I just looked at him as he stirred his soup, carrots spinning in the liquid. "Your what?"
"Two a.m." He swallowed, then said, "You know. The person you can call at two a.m. and, no matter what, you can count on them. Even if they're asleep or it's cold or you need to be bailed out of jail...they'll come for you. It's, like, the highest level of friendship.”
― Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye

“How dare you say it's nothing to me?
Baby, you're the only light I ever saw.”
― John Mayer, Continuum: Music by John Mayer

“The girl was grateful to the young man for every bit of flattery; she wanted to linger for a moment in its warmth and so she said, 'You're very good at lying.'

'Do I look like a liar?'

'You look like you enjoy lying to women,' said the girl, and into her words there crept unawares a touch of the old anxiety, because she really did believe that her young man enjoyed lying to women.”
― Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves

“Do not hold your breath for anyone,
Do not wish your lungs to be still,
It may delay the cracks from spreading,
But eventually they will.
Sometimes to keep yourself together
You must allow yourself to leave,
Even if breaking your own heart
Is what it takes to let you breathe.”
― Erin Hanson

“We are one of those couples i used to watch, thinking to myself that I'd never be on the inside of something so special. I remember reassuring myself that it probably looked nicer than it actually was, I am happy to be wrong about that.”
― Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed

“In your pursuit of your passions, always be young. In your relationship with others, always be grown-up. ”
― Tom Brokaw

“He is your friend who pushes you nearer to God.”
― Abraham Kuyper

“Oh for God's sake,' Heather said, 'I wish you two would just go out, fail miserably as a couple, and get it over with.”
― Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye

“When she was younger, she felt that he wanted to know everything about her, but she was sometimes afraid to tell too much. She was afraid he would know her too well, that he would find some weakness in her, some element that would turn him away, maybe even a quality she didn't even realize she possessed.”
― Michael Stein

“Needy people are like newborns, I have come to realize. One intoxicated night and BAM! You are stuck with this problem. You finally take it home and it wants to keep you up all night and cries when it isn’t sucking on various parts of your anatomy. It wants you there for everything – rocking, feeding, burping, changing... It’s ridiculous. If I wanted a kid I would have one. Until then, grow the hell up and stand on your own two feet, you little crazy.”
― Chase Brooks

“A man can know his father, or his son, and there might still be nothing between them but loyalty and love and mutual incomprehension.”
― Marilynne Robinson, Gilead

“Women that can work a camera with ease often work men just as effortlessly for both require the same commitment to vanity and manipulation.”
― Tiffany Madison

“If we are to feel the positive feelings of love, happiness, trust, and gratitude, we periodically also have to feel anger, sadness, fear, and sorrow.”
― John Gray, Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus

“Give a man a centimeter and he'll think he's a ruler.”
― Janet Skeslien Charles, Moonlight in Odessa

“I Love Loving You

You are my favorite song; a rhythm of beauty that captures my spirit.

You are my favorite poem; an exquisite grouping of ideas set in motion with an unmatched enchanting elegance.

You are my best friend; from our laughter to our deep conversations, our moments together are a timeless pleasure.

You are my soul mate; a connection so pure, so powerful, that it can only be considered divine.

You are my lover; a passionate entwinement, a chorus of ecstasy, and a feeling of complete unity that words could never adequately describe.

You are my angel; you remind me of the goodness in this world and inspire me to be the greatest version of myself.

You are my home; it is in your loving gaze that I find the comfort, acceptance, and the sense of belonging.

You are my love ~ mi amor; there are not enough days in forever to allow me to fully express my love for you.

I love loving you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“we are threatened with suffering from three directions: from our body, which is doomed to decay..., from the external world which may rage against us with overwhelming and merciless force of destruction, and finally from our relations with other men... This last source is perhaps more painful to use than any other. (p77)”
― Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents

“Just because a relationship ends, it doesn't mean it's not worth having.”
― Sarah Mlynowski, Gimme a Call

“I need you because I know I deserve you but let me fall in love with you one last time before I let go. So I can remember the beautiful imperfection that rattled my bones.”
― robert m drake

“My heart is burning a hole in my chest and every time you speak to me, it keeps sinking, and I'm left with nothing but ashes. I wish she were talking to me, because the more she speaks to me, the more my heart flutters like a rising phoenix.
-Karen Quan and Jarod Kintz”
― Karen Quan, liQUID PROse QUOtes

“Love spiritually, not strategically.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“she was completely whole
and yet never fully complete”
― Maquita Donyel Irvin, Stories of a Polished Pistil: Lace and Ruffles

“Friendships are nice. So is competence.”
― Michael Crichton, Disclosure

“It's unexpectedly painful to have become a pronoun.”
― Robin Black, If I Loved You, I Would Tell You This

“Shall there be truth between us, as two men? Not as friends, but as enemies and equals?”
― Stephen King, The Gunslinger

“And the terrible thing, the terrible thing is, but the good thing too, the saving grace, is that if something happened to one of us--excuse me for saying this--but if something happened to one of us tomorrow, I think the other one, the other person, would grieve for a while, you know, but then the surviving party would go out and love again, have someone else soon enough. All this, all of this love we're talking about, it would just be a memory. Maybe not even a memory.”
― Raymond Carver, What We Talk About When We Talk About Love

“Despite the fact that I have no regrets about how things turned out in my life, I still can't help wanting to understand my intense relationship with Leo, as well as that turbulent time between adolescence and adulthood when everything feels raw and invigorating and scary-and why those feelings are all coming back to me now.”
― Emily Giffin, Love the One You're With

“Lies don't end relationships the truth does.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“I had a dream about you last night. We watched pornography together, but purely for the storyline.”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you last night.. you were trying to give coordinates to an apple”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“He doesn’t have to love your CD collection. He doesn’t have to love your shoes. But any good, mature guy better make an attempt to love your friends and family—especially when they’re great.”
― Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys

“Because you let our love just fall apart
You no longer have my heart”
― Boyz II Men

“But dear, don’t be afraid of love it’s only magic.”
― robert m drake

“We look down our noses at people who've made mistakes in relationships. She's so stupid! How could she do that! Our superiority makes us feel better. But I’d bet everything I have on the fact that people to claim to have a perfect record in love are either lying or have very limited dating experience. People who say, I’d never do that! Someday, unless you are very, very lucky, you’ll have a story to tell. Or not to tell.”
― Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming

“Your first impulse is to share good news, your second is to club someone with it.”
― Stephen King, The Stand

“Because he could not afford to fail, he could not afford to trust.”
― Joseph Ellis, His Excellency: George Washington

“That guys. Sideburns. You like him?"
My back squirms. "You've asked me that before."
"What I meant was," he says, flustered. "Your feelings haven't changed? Since you've been here?"
It takes a moment to consider the question. "It's not a matter of how I feel," I say at last. "I'm interested, but ... I don't know if he's still interested in me."
St. Clair edges closer. "Does he still call?"
"Yeah. I mean, not often. But yes."
"Right. Right, well," he says, blinking. "There's your answer.”
― Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss

“THE WEATHER OF LOVE


Love
Has a way of wilting
Or blossoming
At the strangest,
Most unpredictable hour.
This is how love is,
An uncontrollable beast
In the form of a flower.
The sun does not always shine on it.
Nor does the rain always pour on it
Nor should it always get beaten by a storm.
Love does not always emit the sweetest scents,
And sometimes it can sting with its thorns.
Water it.
Give it plenty of sunlight.
Nurture it,
And the flower of love will
Outlive you.
Neglect it or keep dissecting it,
And its petals will quickly curl up and die.
This is how love is,
Perfection is a delusional vision.
So love the person who loves you
Unconditionally,
And abandon the one
Who only loves you
Under favorable
Conditions.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“We had been friends. We could not become strangers. It left only one thing: we must be enemies.”
― John Christopher, The Prince in Waiting

“Everyone creates realities based on their own personal beliefs. These beliefs are so powerful that they can create [expansive or entrapping] realities over and over.~Kuan Yin”
― Hope Bradford, Beneficial Law of Attraction: The Manifestation Teachings

“It's easy to like someone from a distance. But when she stopped being this amazing unattainable thing or whatever, and started being, like, just a regular girl with a weird relationship with food and frequent crankiness wh's kind of bossy--then I had to basically start liking a whole different person.”
― John Green

“The snag about marriage is, it isn´t worth the divorce.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“Please don’t hate you??!! I hate that I love you. Loving you made me waste a year of my life. Loving
you made me be passionate about nothing but you. Loving you made me take risks I never would have
otherwise. Loving you made me give it up to you. Loving you made me neglect my parents and Amy.
Loving you made me not care that my grandma just died. Loving you made me turn out bitter and
hopeless like her. Loving you made me hate myself for being dumped by you. Loving you made me
deluded, irrational, inconsiderate, and a liar. And because I love you, you’re always going to haunt me.”
― Daria Snadowsky, Anatomy of a Boyfriend

“Love doesn't erase the past, but it makes the future different.”
― Gary Chapman, The Five Love Languages Singles Edition

“You're walking funny," Lucy said, a shit-eating grin on her face. Five days of out of this world sex with a starving man could do that to a girl.

"You're just jealous." Brenna pushed through the door into DarkRiver's business HQ.

Lucy made a mournful face. "Yes, I am. Goddamn but your man is hot. And he smiles at you! I've seen him do it, even if no one believes me.”
― Nalini Singh, Caressed by Ice

“Winter is much like unrequited love; cold and merciless.”
― Kellie Elmore

“There is no formula to relationships. They have to be negotiated in loving ways, with room for both parties, what they want and what they need, what they can do and what their life is like. In business, people negotiate to win. They negotiate to get what they want. Maybe you’re too used to that. Love is different. Love is when you are as concerned about someone else’s situation as you are about your own.”
― Morrie Schwartz

“This is new to us, you know? Your mother's sorry. She's sorry that she hurt your feelings, and she wants you to invite your girlfriend over for dinner."
"So that she can make her feel bad and weird?"
"Well she is kind of weird, isn't she?"
Park didn't have the energy to be angry. He sighed and let his head fall back on the chair.
His dad kept talking. "Isn't that why you like her?”
― Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park

“When you've been around as long as me, Lucy, you'll know that there are three types of sex... One - brand-new, kitchen-table sex. Two - bedroom sex. Then number three - hallway sex, when you pass each other in the hallway and say 'Fuck you.'" - Lockie”
― Kathy Lette, To Love, Honour And Betray

“You’re a mess, I confess, I despise you in the best kind of way.”
― Jamie Weise

“I think we go well together. I like being with you because I'm never bored. Even when we're not talking, even when we're not touching, even when we're not in the same room, I'm not bored. I'm never bored. I think it's because I have confidence in you, in your thoughts. Do you understand? I love everything I see in you, and everything I don't see. I know your faults, but as it turns out, I feel as though your faults go well with my qualities. We're not afraid of the same things. Even our inner demons go well together! You, you're worth more than you show...”
― Anna Gavalda, Someone I Loved

“You know your problem, Quentin? You keep expecting people not to be themselves.”
― John Green, Paper Towns

“Someone asked me about the difference between love and lust. Hmmm. That will take a little thought. How to tell the difference? Well, for guys, if she looks better AFTER you've made love to her than before, that might be love. If you find yourself itching to get out the door afterward, probably just lust, y'know?”
― Steven Barnes

“Tanith frowned. Did people still go on DATES any more? She was sure they did. They probably called it something different though. She tried to think of the last date she'd been on. The last PROPER date. Did fighting side by side with Saracen Rue count as a date? They ended up snuggling under the moonlight, drenched in gore and pieces of brain - so it had PROBABLY been a date. If it wasn't, it was certainly a fun time had by all. Well, not ALL. But she and Saracen had sure had a blast.”
― Derek Landy, Mortal Coil

“Relationship gurus always said that an attraction based on friendship and mutual respect was far more likely to stay the course - and the bastards were right.”
― Marian Keyes, The Other Side of the Story

“There is nothing more beautiful than a vulnerable heart in open hands.”
― Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable

“But the coconut is also a symbol of resilience, Samar. Even in the conditions where there's very little nourishment and even less nurturance, it flourishes, growing taller than most of the plants around it.”
― Neesha Meminger, Shine, Coconut Moon

“We do not have to be mental health professionals to identify the traits of the possible sociopaths among us.”
― P.A. Speers, Type 1 Sociopath - When Difficult People Are More Than Just Difficult People

“Why?' He asked.
'Why what?' What could I say? Noah, despite you being an asshole, or maybe because of it, I'd like to rip off your clothes and have your babies. Don't tell.”
― Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer

“Evaluating the benefits and drawbacks of any relationship is your responsibility. You do not have to passively accept what is brought to you. You can choose.”
― Deborah Day

“Don't let a thief into your house three times. The first time was enough. The second time was a chance. The third time means you're stupid.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“One of the most important of life´s lessons is to learn independance, to understand freedom. This means independence from attachments, from results, from opinions, and from expectations. Breaking attachments leads to freedom, but breaking attachments does not mean abandoning a loving and meaningful relationship, a relationship that nourrishes your soul. It means ending dependency on any person or thing. Love is never a dependency.”
― Brian Weiss, Messages from the Masters: Tapping Into the Power of Love

“Shame isn't a strong enough word for what I feel.
"You could live a hundred lifetimes and not deserve him, you know," Haymitch says.”
― Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire

“Those who take lightly promises they make to those they love are people who find little lasting satisfaction in life. This is not an easy time in which to live. That does not mean that it has to be a difficult time to love, but it does mean that you will find unusual stresses upon your lives and your relationship.”
― Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension

“Most people think everybody feels about them much more violently than they actually do; they think other people's opinions of them swing through great arcs of approval or disapproval.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night

“All of them, all except Phineas, constructed at infinite cost to themselves these Maginot Lines against this enemy they thought they saw across the frontier, this enemy who never attacked that way-if he ever attacked at all; if he was indeed the enemy.”
― John Knowles, A Separate Peace

“On the left side of a strong woman, stands a strong man; he is strengthened by her character.”
― Ellen J. Barrier

“She couldn't be on his wavelength all the time. That's all. When you could recognize that and deal with it, you were on your way to an adult relationship.”
― Stephen King, The Stand

“They feel life is for the taking, and that everyone deserves happiness no matter what the cost. I must remember these tricks if I ever decide to have my soul surgically removed.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“Alas, woman is faithful as long as she loves, but you demand that she be faithful without love and give herself without enjoyment. Who is cruel then, woman or man?”
― Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, Venus in Furs

“I look at him with the nostalgic affection men are said to feel for their wars, their fellow veterans. I think, I once threw things at this man. I threw a glass ashtray, a fairly cheap one which didn't break. I threw a shoe (his) and a handbag (mine), not even snapping the handbag shut first, so that he was showered with a metal rain of keys and small change. The worst thing I threw was a small portable television set, standing on the bed and heaving it at him with the aid of the bouncy springs, although the instant I let fly I thought, Oh God, let him duck! I once thought I was capable of murdering him. Today I feel only a mild regret that we were not more civilized with each other at the time. Still, it was amazing, all those explosions, that recklessness, that Technicolor wreckage. Amazing and agonizing and almost lethal.”
― Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye

“Scholars, theologians, and even poets have yet to be able to truly describe and touch upon the beauty, romance, and magic of a relationship built on 100% authenticity”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Hearts set about finding other hearts the moment they are born, and between them, they weave nets so frightfully strong and tight that you end up bound forever in hopeless knots, even to the shadow of a beast you knew and loved long ago.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There

“Someday I will have revenge. I know in advance to keep this to myself, and everyone will be happier. I do understand that I am expected to forgive N and his girlfriend in a timely fashion, and move on to a life of vegetarian cooking and difficult yoga positions and self-realization, and make this so much easier and more pleasant for all concerned.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“They (penguins) then fall madly in love and live happily ever after.
-
And so you ask yourself: "If a penguin can have a worthwhile, stimulating relationship, why the hell can't I?"
-
Or maybe you ask yourself: "Would I be happier if I started dating a penguin”
― Bradley Trevor Greive, Looking for Mr. Right

“Surprises, I feel now, are primarily a form of violence.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“The aching in my chest
isn't because I miss you,
it's realizing that you have
become someone I no longer know,
your fears, your 4 am thoughts,
your achievements,
are things I no longer have an equivalent to.
Who we were and who we are
are four different people,
and the me from now
doesn't relate to the me from then,
let alone to the you from now.
-Tanzy Sayadi and Jarod Kintz”
― Tanzy Sayadi, liQUID PROse QUOtes

“Love me like a wrong turn on a bad road
late at night.”
― Kim Addonizio

“I love you as the mother of my child": the kiss of death.
Mother of His Child: demotion. I am beginning to see this truism: Mothers are not always wives. I have been stripped of a piece of self.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“Often we take personally the slings and arrows of our 'abusers'. But frequently we are merely the interchangeable pawns of their own neurotic dramas. Anyone else in your position would have received the same treatment. There is nothing especially noxious or negatively noteworthy about you.”
― Brian Weiss, Messages from the Masters: Tapping Into the Power of Love

“He announces that lately he keeps losing things. "Like your wife and child," I want to say, but don´t. At fourty, I´ve learned not to say everything clever, not to score every point.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“I will never claim to know what you are thinking. I only hope I am on your mind.”
― Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable

“A good place to meet a man is at the dry cleaner. These men usually have jobs and bathe.”
― Rita Rudner

“Death ends a life, not a relationship.”
― Jack Lemmon

“Family, friends and relationships are the blessings of the God. They are the best way to access God.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“You could say that Elphaba brought us together,' said Boq softly. 'I'm closer to her and so I'm closer to you.'

Galinda seemed to give up. She leaned her head back on the velvet cushions of the swing and said, 'Boq, you know despite myself I think you're a little sweet. You're a little sweet and you're a little charming and you're a little maddening and you're a little habit-forming.'

Boq held his breath.

But you're little!' she concluded. 'You're a Munchkin, for god's sake!'

He kissed her, he kissed her, he kissed her, little by little by little.”
― Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West

“Do you know how it hurts to touch you
knowing that in the morning I’ll still wake up alone?”
― Shinji Moon

“That’s always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people would want to be around someone because they’re pretty. It’s like picking your breakfast cereals based on color instead of taste.”
― John Green, Paper Towns

“- Ты хочешь знать, как быть, если сделал что-то не так? Отвечаю, детка: никогда не проси прощения. Ничего не говори. Посылай цветы. Без писем. Только цветы. Они покрывают все. Даже могилы.”
― Erich Maria Remarque, Three Comrades

“Watching him with one eye, she wondered if men ever figured out that they were more appealing when they were pursuing their own work than when they were pursuing a woman.”
― Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow

“time made me stronger, you're no longer on my mind”
― Boyz II Men

“I have to go. I have a finite amount of life left and I don't want to spend it arguing with you.”
― Jennifer Armintrout, Ashes to Ashes

“You can't truly hate someone until you've cared about them. Until you've loved them.”
― Kirsten Hubbard, Like Mandarin

“The foundation of adult trust is not "You will never hurt me." It is "I trust myself with whatever you do.”
― David Richo, Daring to Trust: Opening Ourselves to Real Love and Intimacy

“Don't. Don't let's pretend when there's no one around.”
― Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games

“Still, she knows one thing for certain: never judge a relationship unless you are the one wrapped up in its arms.”
― Alice Hoffman, Local Girls

“You've got an awfully kissable mouth.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gatsby Girls

“I've found that when you're wrapped up in the process of dating and want so badly to have something work out with someone -anyone- it's easy to forget that your choices aren't limited to one person or the other. There's also the choice I always forget about: To not choose anyone in order to keep myself open to someone who IS right for me.”
― Rachel Machacek, The Science of Single: One Woman's Grand Experiment in Modern Dating, Creating Chemistry, and Finding L ove

“Sure am glad I'm not royalty," I muttered. "I wouldn't want to have to bump uglies with someone I can't stand. On a regular basis. And no one else."
"Ow!" I exclaimed, trying to yank my fingers from Trent but finding them caught. Then I colored, realizing what I'd said. "Oh… sorry," I stammered, meaning it. "That was insensitive."
Trent's frown turned into a sly smirk. "Bump uglies?" he said, eyes on the table behind me. "You are a font of gutter slang, Rachel. We must do this again.”
― Kim Harrison, For a Few Demons More

“It's as if every conversation with a woman was a test, and men always failed it, because they always lacked the key to the code and so they never quite understood what the conversation was really about.”
― Orson Scott Card, Enchantment

“Here was a boy who liked flaws, who saw them not as failings but as strengths. Who knew such a person could exist, or what would have happened if we'd found each other under different circumstances? Maybe in a perfect world. But not in this one.”
― Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever

“He needs "space" and "time," as if this were physics and not a human relationship.”
― Kathryn Stockett, The Help

“For you she learned to wear a short black slip
and red lipstick,
how to order a glass of red wine
and finish it. She learned to reach out
as if to touch your arm and then not
touch it, changing the subject.
Didn't you think, she'd begin, or
Weren't you sorry. . . .

To call your best friends
by their schoolboy names
and give them kisses good-bye,
to look away when they say
Your wife! So your confidence grows.
She doesn't ask what you want
because she knows.

Isn't that what you think?

When actually she was only waiting
to be told Take off your dress---
to be stunned, and then do this,
never rehearsed, but perfectly obvious:
in one motion up, over, and gone,
the X of her arms crossing and uncrossing,
her face flashing away from you in the fabric
so that you couldn't say if she was
appearing or disappearing.”
― Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win

“Alright, good night,” he said, his words a little slurred. “But before I pass out, I want you to know that you’re the hottest biscuit this side of the gravy boat.”
― Erin McCarthy, Hard and Fast

“Living together/ is one move closer/ to living apart”
― Kristi Maxwell

“Everybody deserves love, but nobody is entitled to it.”
― Katerina Stoykova Klemer

“You might think that a boy is just your friend, but then if you find out that maybe he likes you (in a boyfriend way), everything changes instantly. (47)”
― Charise Mericle Harper, Flashcards of My Life

“That's one of the first things that comes out of young people's mouths when they're in love. FOREVER. And that's cool, it's all good-until you get old enough to realize what forever is.”
― Ice-T, Ice: A Memoir of Gangster Life and Redemption-from South Central to Hollywood

“You will be a great queen when you come back, you know. And someday you'll love me the way you love your wolf.”
― Carrie Jones, Entice

“Sometimes it's exhausting for me to simply walk into the house. I try and calm myself, remember that I've lived alone before. Sleeping by myself didn't kill me then and will not kill me now. But this what loss has taught me of love. Our house isn't simply empty, our home has been emptied. Love makes a place in your life, it makes a place for itself in your bed. Invisibly, it makes a place in your body, rerouting all your blood vessels, throbbing right alongside your heart. When it's gone, nothing is whole again.”
― Tayari Jones, An American Marriage

“I wonder if it is possible to have two boyfriends. I mean, times are changing. Relationships are more complicated. In France men always have mistresses and wives and so on. Henri probably has two girlfriends. He would laugh if you told him you just had one. He would say, 'C'est tres, tres tragique.'”
― Louise Rennison, Knocked Out by My Nunga-Nungas

“If you haven't cried at least once while writing a chapter of your inspirational book, then you have to ask yourself if your're writing fiction.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“He was everything your mother warned you about when she told you not to walk alone in the dark.”
― Nenia Campbell, Armed and Dangerous

“I think what I want is for someone to know me. Really know me. Know me better than anyone else and maybe even me. Isn’t that why we commit to another? It’s not for sex. If it were for sex, we wouldn’t marry one person. We’d just keep finding new partners. We commit for many reasons, I know, but the more I think about it, the more I think long-term relationships are for getting to know someone. I want someone to know me, really know me, almost like that person could get into my head. What would that feel like? To have access, to know what it’s like in someone else’s head. To rely on someone else, have him rely on you. That’s not a biological connection like the one between parents and children. This kind of relationship would be chosen. It would be something cooler, harder to achieve than one built on biology and shared genetics. I think that’s it. Maybe that’s how we know when a relationship is real. When someone else previously unconnected to us knows us in a way we never thought or believed possible.”
― Iain Reid, I'm Thinking of Ending Things

“[On what young husbands should say to their wives:] I have taken you in my arms, and I love you, and I prefer you to my life itself. For the present life is nothing, and my most ardent dream is to spend it with you in such a way that we may be assured of not being separated in the life reserved for us... I place your love above all things, and nothing would be more bitter or painful to me than to be of a different mind than you.”
― John Chrysostom

“Relationships are so much like the United States - they only really thrive when faced with an external threat.”
― Laura Pedersen, Best Bet

“Love and honesty don’t mix.”
― Miguel Syjuco, Ilustrado

“Just because you discover that you may like somebody after all, it doesn't necessarily mean there's any attraction.”
― Steve Kluger

“I had a dream about you last night.. You were balancing ten tiny footballs on your nose while dancing with a turquoise unicorn.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you last night... you kept meowing at people and licking yourself it was not unlike you normally.”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“Trust in someone means that we no longer have to protect ourselves. We believe we will not be hurt or harmed by the other, at least not deliberately. We trust his or her good intentions, though we know we might be hurt by the way circumstances play out between us. We might say that hurt happens; it’s a given of life. Harm is inflicted; it’s a choice some people make.”
― David Richo

“One of the most difficult things he'd ever done was turn away and leave her standing in the shadows.”
― Rachel Gibson, I'm In No Mood For Love

“I KNEW IT WAS OVER

when tonight you couldn't make the phone ring
when you used to make the sun rise
when trees used to throw themselves
in front of you
to be paper for love letters
that was how i knew i had to do it

swaddle the kids we never had
against january's cold slice
bundle them in winter
clothes they never needed
so i could drop them off at my mom's
even though she lives on the other side of the country
and at this late west coast hour is
assuredly east coast sleeping
peacefully

her house was lit like a candle
the way homes should be
warm and golden
and home
and the kids ran in
and jumped at the bichon frise
named lucky
that she never had
they hugged the dog
it wriggled
and the kids were happy
yours and mine
the ones we never had
and my mom was

grand maternal, which is to say, with style
that only comes when you've seen
enough to know grace

like when to pretend it's christmas or
a birthday so
she lit her voice with tiny
lights and pretended
she didn't see me crying

as i drove away
to the hotel connected to the bar
where i ordered the cheapest whisky they had

just because it shares your first name
because they don't make a whisky
called baby
and i only thought what i got
was what
i ordered

i toasted the hangover
inevitable as sun
that used to rise
in your name

i toasted the carnivals
we never went to
and the things you never won
for me
the ferris wheels we never
kissed on and all the dreams
between us
that sat there
like balloons on a carney's board
waiting to explode with passion
but slowly deflated
hung slave
under the pin-
prick of a tack

hung
heads down
like lovers
when it doesn't
work, like me
at last call
after too many cheap

too many sweet
too much
whisky makes me
sick, like the smell of cheap,

like the smell of
the dead

like the cheap, dead flowers
you never sent
that i never threw
out of the window
of a car
i never
really
owned”
― Daphne Gottlieb, Final Girl

“I'm terrified of getting involved with someone who disappoints me or leaves me empty and alone. I'm terrified of rejection, so I set my expectations so high that they can never be met, and I dig around with a magnifying glass looking for flaws in very person I date. There's always a flaw to exploit, and I'll find it so I never have to get too close.”
― Rachel Machacek, The Science of Single: One Woman's Grand Experiment in Modern Dating, Creating Chemistry, and Finding L ove

“Sometimes our walls exist just to see who has the strength to knock
them down.”
― Darnell Lamont Walker, Creep

“In love, women are professionals, men are amateurs”
― François Truffaut

“For [erotically intelligent couples], love is a vessel that contains both security and adventure, and commitment offers one of the great luxuries of life: time. Marriage is not the end of romance, it is the beginning. They know that they have years in which to deepen their connection, to experiment, to regress, and even to fail. They see their relationship as something alive and ongoing, not a fait accompli. It’s a story that they are writing together, one with many chapters, and neither partner knows how it will end. There’s always a place they haven’t gone yet, always something about the other still to be discovered.”
― Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic

“Be careful whom you choose to love. This decision will impact your future life and happiness in ways you cannot yet imagine.”
― Toni Coleman, MSW

“But it became clear very quickly that I'd underestimated how much I liked him. Not him, perhaps, but the fact that I had someone on the other end of an invisible line. Someone to update and get updates from, to inform of a comic discovery, to imagine while dancing in a lonely basement, and to return to, finally, when the music stopped.”
― Marina Keegan, The Opposite of Loneliness: Essays and Stories

“We can't be so desperate for love that we forget where we can always find it; within.”
― Alexandra Elle

“You know a relationship has deteriorated past the point of salvage when one person detests another's gestures.”
― Josephine Humphreys, Rich in Love

“It is the same way with dating. The time you are most prepared for dating is when you don't need anyone to complete you, fulfill you, or instill in you a sense of worth or purpose.”
― Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating

“I loved you at your worst, and you were always at your worst. Nothing could stop me. Not even you.”
― Denice Envall

“Just start off with the same goals in mind. If you have the same values, same goals then you'll be on track for the same future.”
― Angelina Jolie

“Life had sure been simpler when I hadn't dated.”
― Charlaine Harris, Dead Until Dark

“Who does ever get what they want? It doesn’t seem to happen to many of us if any at all. It’s always two people bumping against each other blindly, acting out old ideas and dreams and mistaken understandings.”
― Kent Haruf, Our Souls at Night

“Sometimes you met someone that changed the pattern, who wormed their way past the cracks in your heart, caulked them up, sealed themselves in, and stayed there. Sometimes they did it by insisting you meet them at every step, as Jamie had done to me.”
― Diana Peterfreund, Tap & Gown

“my only complaints are two:
that I didn't make myself ready
for you sooner in life, that
I can't give you better,
Love you more.”
― Jan Beatty

“Hating hurts the hater the most. Hating is not a salve for the wounded soul, it is an abrasive that keeps the soul wounded and raw and oversensitive.”
― Jack R. Rose

“I still think I love him more. It's one of those things you never know for certain because there's no way to enter all the relationship data in a computer and have it spit out a definitive answer. You can't quantify love, and if you try, you wind up focusing on misleading factors.”
― Emily Giffin, Baby Proof

“To touch a person...to sleep with a person...is to become a pioneer," she whispered then, "a frontiersman at the edge of their private world, the strange, incomprehensible world of their interior, filled with customs you could never imitate, a language which sounds like your own but is really totally foreign, knowable only to them.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest

“Why, you are a man of heart!"
"Sometimes," replied Phileas Fogg, quietly. "When I have the time.”
― Jules Verne, Around the World in Eighty Days

“How do you know? How best to ensure his nervous breakdown?" I ask.

"Keep going," Christian says. "Just go on as if nothing has happened. We all hate that.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“For the first time in his life he understood why the Bible called sex "knowing". Everything was different. Now he knew Dante. He'd known Dante. And wonder of wonders, Dante had known him right back.”
― Damon Suede, Hot Head

“The manlier you are, the harder it is to understand what a woman wants: there is not a hint of female brain in you.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“It's like the old question, "Do you lock your house to keep people out, or to protect what's inside?" Should a person act modestly and dress modestly in order to prevent intrusion from the outside, undesirable things from happening, or to preserve and maintain what is inside: the delicate and sensitive ability to have and maintain an intimate relationship.”
― Manis Friedman, Doesn't Anyone Blush Anymore: Love, Marriage and the Art of Intimacy

“I am looking for the one I can’t fool.”
― Kamand Kojouri

“And you can't have two stars in one relationship. Somebody has to be willing to be the wagon...at lease some of the time”
― Meg Cabot, Queen of Babble Gets Hitched

“That they were left with only this--this awkward, prearranged meet-up, this terrible silence--seemed almost more than she could bear, and the unfairness of it all welled up inside of her. It was his fault, all of it, and yet her hatred for him was the worst kind of love, a tortured longing, a misguided wish that made her heart hammer in her chest. She couldn't ignore the disjointed sensation that they were now two different pieces of two different puzzles, and nothing in the world could make them fit together again.”
― Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight

“I would be consumed by you,' she said, and blinked her eyes furiously when she felt them fill with tears. 'You would sap all the energy and all the joy from me. You would put out all the fire of my vitality.'

'Give me a chance to fan the flames of that fire,' he said, 'and to nurture your joy.”
― Mary Balogh, Slightly Dangerous

“Insanity is everyone expecting you not to fall apart when you find out everything you believed in was a lie.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Don't be a fool. Don't give up something important to hold onto someone who can't even say they love you.”
― Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You

“She knew how breakups went from hearing other girls complain about them. First the pulling away, the gradual refusal to return notes or phone calls. The vague messages saying nothing was wrong, that the other person just needed a little space. Then the speech about how "It's not you, it's me." Then the crying part.

She'd never thought any of that would apply to her and Jace. What they had wasn't ordinary, or subject to the ordinary rules of relationships and breakups. They belonged to each other totally, and always will, and that was that.

But maybe everyone felt that way? Until the moment they realized they were just like everyone else, and everyone they'd thought was real shattered apart.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels

“Once you embrace your value, talents and strengths, it neutralizes when others think less of you.”
― Rob Liano

“To gaze into another persons face is to do two things: to recognise their humanity and to assert your own.”
― Lawrence Hill, Someone Knows My Name

“I suppose that we women are such cowards that we think a man will save us from fears, and we marry him.”
― Bram Stoker, The New Annotated Dracula

“People can attach themselves to something--an idea, another person, a desire--with an impossibly strong grip, and in the case of restless ghosts, a grip stronger than death. Will is a powerful thing. Will--it's supposed to be a good treat, a more determined and persistent version of determination and persistence. But will and obsession--they sit right next to each other. They pretend to be strangers and all the while meet secretly at midnight." -”
― Deb Caletti, Stay

“Sometimes the door closes on a relationship, not because we failed but because something bigger than us says this no longer fits our life. So, lock the door, shed a tear, turn around and look for the new door that's opened. It's a sign that you're no longer that person you were, it's time to change into who you are. It's going to be okay.”
― Lee Goff

“Then I imagined a lifetime of having to cry to get him to be kind, and I went back to no again.”
― Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society

“It seemed that we loved each other better when there were large swaths of two continents between us. The daily work of love was often hard to perform at home. ”
― Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project

“Terkadang,yang tak bisa kamu lupakan
adalah seseorang yang tak pernah bisa kamu miliki.”
― Christian Simamora, All You Can Eat

“Everyone has their first date and the object is to hide your flaws. And then you're in a relationship, and it's all about hiding your disappointment. And then, once you're married, it's about hiding your sins.”
― Joss Whedon

“Why, then, did I always feel as if his happiness was my responsibility? It wasn't fair for him to burden me with that. It had never been fair.”
― Melanie Benjamin, Alice I Have Been

“Love, he realized, was like the daggers he made in his forge: When you first got one it was shiny and new and the blade glinted bright in the light. Holding it against your palm, you were full of optimism for what it would be like in the field, and you couldn't wait to try it out. Except those first couple of nights out were usually awkward as you got used to it and it got used to you.

Over time, the steel lost its brand-new gleam, and the hilt became stained, and maybe you nicked the shit out of the thing a couple of times. What you got in return, however, saved your life: Once the pair of you were well acquainted, it became such a part of you that it was an extension of your own arm. It protected you and gave you a means to protect your brothers; it provided you with the confidnece and the power to face whatever came out of the night; and wherever you went, it stayed with you, right over your heart, always there when you needed it.

You had to keep the blade up, however. And rewrap the hilt from time to time. And double-check the weight.

Funny...all of that was well, duh when it came to weapons. Why hadn't it dawned on him that matings were the same?

(From the thoughts of Vishous)”
― J.R. Ward, Lover Unleashed

“Ordinarily, I am the person who falls in love quickly and somewhat inappropriately and then goes on to destroy what is a good thing. That's always been my style. So, you know: I get it. And I feel right now the way I imagine all those guys felt with me. And I have to say, for the first time in my life, I feel something approaching compassion for them.”
― Sarah Dunn, Secrets to Happiness

“No, I am never setting foot in this house again it scares me and makes me sad and I wish you could be a mom whose eyes worked but I don't think you can. ”
― Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls

“Miscommunication is endless.”
― J.P. Rattie

“And since I’m marrying into the Quartet, I have certain privileges and duties. If you’re sleeping with Laurel—”
“I’m not sleeping with Laurel. We’re dating.”
“Right, and the two of you are just going to hold hands, admire the moon, and sing camp songs.”
“For a while. Minus the singing.”
― Nora Roberts, Savor the Moment

“The best baby-sitters, of course, are the baby’s grandparents. You feel completely comfortable entrusting your baby to them for long periods, which is why most grandparents flee to Florida.”
― Dave Barry

“Tina leans forward and asks quietly, 'Do you? You know? Love her?'
Squeezing Nat’s knee again, I reply, 'She’s teachin’ me how.”
― Belle Aurora, Love Thy Neighbour

“Forgiveness is created by the restitution of the abuser; of the wrongdoer. It is not something to be squeeeeeezed out of the victim in a further act of conscience-corrupting abuse.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“What's the difference?" You ask me
The difference is, a smile touches my lips
When I remember both the memory of you entering my life
And the memory of you leaving my life”
― Tammy-Louise Wilkins, Former Title

“Maybe that's what love is. Having someone who guides you through different experiences, coaxes you to try news things but still makes you feel safe.”
― Wally Lamb, We Are Water

“Sometimes, if she simply remained quiet, and let the inadequacy of his excuses reverberate on the air, he became ashamed and backtracked.”
― J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy

“Never play cards with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom's. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.”
― Nelson Algren, A Walk on the Wild Side

“God is great and God is good," Lisa says. "But where are the Apache attack helicopters when you need them?”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“~Do you like him much?
~I told you I like him a little. Where is the use of caring for him so very much? He is full of faults.
~Is he?
~All boys are.
~More than girls?
~Very likely. Wise people say it is folly to think anyboy perfect, and as to likes and diskiles, we should be friendly to all, and worship none.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Villette

“Our happiness is completely and utterly intertwined with other people: family and friends and neighbors and the woman you hardly notice who cleans your office. Happiness is not a noun or verb. It's a conjunction. Connective tissue.”
― Eric Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World

“The Heart of Gold fled on silently through the night of space, now on conventional photon drive. Its crew of four were ill as ease knowing that they had been brought together not of their own volition or by simple coincidence, but by some curious perversion of physics- as if relationships between people were susceptible to the same laws that governed the relationships between atoms and molecules”
― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

“Unless I understand the Cross, I cannot understand why my commitment to what is right must be precedence over what I prefer.”
― Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love

“I barely know him. I guess that is every relationship. You start with nothing and maybe end with everything.”
― Adam Silvera, What If It's Us

“I was flipping channels, watching this cheerleading program on MTV. They took a field hockey girl and “transformed” her into a cheerleader by the end of the show. I was just wondering: what if she liked field hockey better?”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“Often people that settle in life are those that only do what they can with what they have and where they are. Never settle for someone that didn't know your worth from the beginning, or build a life without God in it. Live beyond your low expectations.”
― Shannon l. Alder

“You want the fairy tale."
"I want a chance at it.”
― Rachel Gibson, I'm In No Mood For Love

“What's agitating about solitude is the inner voice telling you that you should be mated to somebody, that solitude is a mistake. The inner voice doesn't care about who you find. It just keeps pestering you, tormenting you--if you happen to be me--with homecoming queens first, then girls next door, and finally anybody who might be pleased to see you now and then at the dinner table and in bed on occasion. You look up from reading the newspaper and realize that no one loves you, and no one burns for you.”
― Charles Baxter, El festín del amor

“Even if toxic people are right about what is "good," they are wrong if the approach is not healthy.”
― John L. Lund, How to Hug a Porcupine: Dealing With Toxic & Difficult to Love Personalities

“I used to want you so bad, I'm so through with that because honestly you turned out to be the best thing I never had!”
― Beyonce Knowles

“I loved you because there was no other place for me to go. We were married because we did not know what else to do with each other. You never knew me, nothing about me, what died inside me, what lived invisibly.”
― Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project

“You lose yourself, Erica, because with the right person, who you become together is something so much greater, more than you could even realize right now.”
― Meredith Wild, Hardwired

“In the realm of love and sex, it’s girls who are in the position of working hard to adapt themselves to the needs and fantasies of the mercurial males whose approval and attention they seek.”
― M. Gigi Durham, The Lolita Effect: The Media Sexualization of Young Girls and What We Can Do About It

“Marriage: a hopeful, generous, infinitely kind gamble taken by two people who don’t know yet who they are or who the other might be, binding themselves to a future they cannot conceive of and have carefully omitted to investigate.”
― Alain de Botton, The Course of Love

“If somebody never gets enough of you, they will always want more”
― Ashly Lorenzana

“I wanted to have a good relationship. One that's romantic and dramatic, like in the movies. But I finally became a woman at 17 and learned that men aren't really that simple.”
― Ai Yazawa, Nana, Vol. 1

“Isn't everyone a part of everyone else?”
― Budd Schulberg

“Better not to invent her in her absence. Better to wait until she's actually here. Then he can make her up as she goes along.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin

“The best defense is a confusing offense.”
― Kimberly Pauley, Still Sucks to Be Me: More All-True Confessions of Mina Hamilton Smith, Teen Vampire

“As I saw it,
all my mother's life, my father
held her down, like
lead strapped to her ankles.

She was
buoyant by nature;
she wanted to travel,
go to the theater, go to museums.
What he wanted
was to lie on the couch
with the Times
over his face,
so that death, when it came,
wouldn't seem a significant change.”
― Louise Glück, Ararat

“I didn't dream about you last night. I woke up in fear.”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“Only love that continues to flow in the face of anger, blame, and indifference can be called love. All else is simply a transaction.”
― Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness

“I had a dream about you last night. We stopped telling each other about our dreams when we realized we were still inside them.”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“God is even in a single parent household.”
― Karen Salmansohn, Even God is Single:

“If thou dost seek to have what thou dost hide,
By self-example mayst thou be denied.”
― William Shakespeare, Sonnets

“There is something beautiful about watching two people lovingly act silly together; behaving as though no one else existed.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Our lives were now worlds apart, separated by time, circumstance, and the unbridgeable chasm of money.”
― Travis Luedke, The Shepherd

“Anya looked upon Nin admirably. Having him as a partner-in-crime—if only on this one occasion, which she hoped would only be the start of something more—was more revitalizing than the cheap thrills of a cookie-cutter shallow, superficial romance, where the top priority was how beautiful a person was on the outside.”
― Jess C Scott, The Other Side of Life

“Everything else has vanished, so you take them now. Maybe if you're the one keeping them, I'll be the one feeling better.”
― Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up

“Happy wife, happy life.”
― Paul Orfalea, Copy This!: Lessons from a Hyperactive Dyslexic who Turned a Bright Idea Into One of America's Best Companies

“Lovers are not snails; they don't have to protrude from their shells and meet each other halfway. Meet me within your own self.”
― Jerzy Kosiński, Steps

“You cannot connect with anyone except through reality.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“If I say your voice is an amber waterfall in which I yearn to burn each day, if you eat my mouth like a mystical rose with powers of healing and damnation, If I confess that your body is the only civilization I long to experience… would it mean that we are close to knowing something about love?”
― Aberjhani, Visions of a Skylark Dressed in Black

“It is with the soul that we grasp the essence of another human being, not with the mind, nor even with the heart.”
― Henry Miller

“When we replace a sense of service and gratitude with a sense of entitlement and expectation, we quickly see the demise of our relationships, society, and economy.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I was aware that we were both silently making those inevitable comparisons, putting our relationship in context. She is more this and less that. He is better or worse in these ways. It is human nature to do this--unless its your first relationship, which might be the very reason that your first relationship feels special and remains forever sacred. But the older you get, the more cynical you become, and the more complicated and convoluted the exercise is. You begin to realize that nothing is perfect, that there are trade-offs and sacrifices. The worst is when someone in your past trumps the person in the present, and you think to yourself: if I'd known this, then maybe I wouldn't have let him go.”
― Emily Giffin, Baby Proof

“I believe that it is impossible for two individuals not committed to their own and each other’s well being to sustain a healthy and enduring relationship.”
― bell hooks, Breaking Bread: Insurgent Black Intellectual Life

“She needed the chaos within her in order to discover the extraordinary no man could ever reach.”
― robert m drake

“And when all your faith is gone let it be me, if it's a friend you need let it be me”
― Ray Lamontagne

“A break up is the closest thing to bereavement”
― Lindsey Kelk, I Heart New York

“There was a tacit understanding between them that 'liquor helped'; growing more miserable with every glass one hoped for the moment of relief.”
― Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter

“Before her marriage she had thought that she had love within her grasp; but since the happiness which she had expected this love to bring her hadn’t come, she supposed she must have been mistaken. And Emma tried to imagine just what was meant, in life, by the words “bliss,” “passion,” and “rapture” - words that had seemed so beautiful to her in books.”
― Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary

“You never know who's waiting for you and you never know when love is coming your way or who it might be. But let me just say, a healthy relationship requires SACRIFICE and DEDICATION.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable

“Take me now, God!" I shout to the inky sky. "I´m ready."
"You´re not ready. You´re not even divorced yet," Bunny says. "You cannot die married to that man.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“It was a bitter moment for us. We weren't two mature parents. We were just two kids playing grown-up. We still needed Mommy and Daddy's permission, blessings, and money to survive.”
― Erma Bombeck

“I wish I hadn't. I wish I'd fought for you. I was weak and stupid.”
― S.J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep

“There is nothing right or wrong in love. Where there is love, then there is nothing but only love.”
― Sara Naveed, Undying Affinity

“Ain't No Drama Like Bedroom Drama”
― Renata Johnson

“Hereafter she is only my sister in name; not because I disown her, but because she has disowned me.”
― Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights

“Failed relationships can be described as so much wasted makeup.
Forget the laughs, forget the fights, forget the sex, forget the jealousy. But take off your hat and observe a moment's silence for the legions of unknown tubes of foundation, mascara, eyeliner, blusher and lipstick who died that it might all have been possible. But who died in vain.”
― Marian Keyes, Watermelon

“why provide relationship benefits to someone who claims they don't want a relationship...”
― R.H. Sin

“I guess it can’t be too often that two people can laugh and make love, too, make love because they are laughing, laugh because they’re making love. The love and the laughter come from the same place: but not many people go there”
― James Baldwin, If Beale Street Could Talk

“We were friends and have become estranged. But this was right, and we do not want to conceal and obscure it from ourselves as if we had reason to feel ashamed. We are two ships each of which has its goal and course; our paths may cross and we may celebrate a feast together, as we did - and then the good ships rested so quietly in one harbor and one sunshine that it may have looked as if they had reached their goal and as if they had one goal. But then the mighty force of our tasks drove us apart again into different seas and sunny zones, and perhaps we shall never see each other again; perhaps we shall meet again but fail to recognize each other: our exposure to different seas and suns has changed us.”
― Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments

“Jump, if you want to, ‘cause I’ll catch you, girl. I’ll catch you “fore you fall. Go as far inside as you need to, I’ll hold your ankles. Make sure you get back out. I’m not saying this because I need a place to stay. That’s the last thing I need. I told you, I’m a walking man, but I been heading in this direction for seven years. Walking all around this place. Upstate, downstate, east, west; I been in territory ain’t got no name, never staying nowhere long. But when I got here and sat out there on the porch, waiting for you, well, I knew it wasn’t the place I was heading toward; it was you. We can make a life, girl. A life.”
― Toni Morrison, Beloved

“Disagreement is not necessarily a reason to head for Splitsville. In fact, a relationship without disagreement is probably too brittle to last. Some of the best human bonds are forged in the fire of disagreement.”
― Jerry Spinelli, Today I Will: A Year of Quotes, Notes, and Promises to Myself

“Too many doubts grow in the cracks of silence and separation.”
― Alison Goodman, Eona: The Last Dragoneye

“In marriage, each partner is to be an encourager rather than a critic; a forgiver rather than a collector of hurts; an enabler rather than a reformer.”
― H. Norman Wright

“In love, treat your relationship as if you are growing the most beautiful flower. Keep watering it, tend to its roots, give it lots of sunlight, and always make sure the petals are full of color and are never curling. Once you neglect your plant, it will die, as will your relationship.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“I don't want you to be young and beautiful. I only want one thing. I want you to be kind-hearted - and not just towards cats and dogs.”
― Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate

“Love is not the perfect match, love is the connection between two people.”
― Unarine Ramaru

“A balanced inner calmness radiates from a peaceful centre. It neither craves others' approval nor rejects others' presence. It neither pulls towards nor pushes away. It has a reverent attitude towards life and all its inhabitants.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“Theres nothing more efficient than honesty and nothing more powerful than vulnerability because, vulnerability reveals everyone in your life who will abuse power immediately and almost irrevocably.

Theres nothing weaker than hiding your vulnerability because, it means a refusal to stare at those who abuse power and see them for who they are which means they still have power and control over you. Nothing is stronger than vulnerability. Nothing more clarifying. Nothing is clearer than vulnerability, and if you hide who you are you are just making a tombstone of your everyday actions because you dont exist in hiding and you're letting the past rob you.

Exercise the power of vulnerability. When you are vulnerable you are signaling to your system that the past is over and done! That you're no longer a victim! That you're no longer trapped in a destructive and abusive environment! vulnerability means it's over, it's done. The war is over but, if you continue to use the same defenses that you had in the past all you're telling your whole body is that the past is not over.

Be vulnerable. Be honest. Be open and show your heart. That's the best way of telling your heart that the tigers are no longer in the grass. I'm telling you, just take it for a spin. Vulnerability and openness will get you what you want in your life and hiding will only get you the feeling of being prey from here until the end of your life.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“What was it about relationships that made you feel so vulnerable? Oh, right. A relationship. In any relationship, you put yourself out there. You exposed all of your sensitive nerve endings and your heart and you just had to hope that you trusted the right person.”
― Courtney Cole, Every Last Kiss

“There is a relationship between the eye contacts we make and the perceptions that we create in our heads, a relationship between the sound of another's voice and the emotions that we feel in our hearts, a relationship between our movements in space all around us and the magnetic pulls we can create between others and ourselves. All of these things (and more) make up the magic of every ordinary day and if we are able to live in this magic, to feel and to dwell in it, we will find ourselves living with magic every day. These are the white spaces in life, the spaces in between the written lines, the cracks in which the sunlight filters into. Some of us swim in the overflowing of the wine glass of life, we stand and blink our eyes in the sunlight reaching unseen places, we know where to find the white spaces, we live in magic.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“An honorable human relationship – that is, one in which two people have the right to use the word "love" – is a process, delicate, violent, often terrifying to both persons involved, a process of refining the truths they can tell each other.

It is important to do this because it breaks down human self-delusion and isolation.

It is important to do this because in doing so we do justice to our own complexity.

It is important to do this because we can count on so few people to go that hard way with us.”
― Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978

“Give a girl a boyfriend and she becomes a total expert on relationships”
― Cecily von Ziegesar, You Know You Love Me

“I don't even know her yet..but if she could see me right now, I'd want her to know that I love her”
― Eric Ludy, When Dreams Come True: A Love Story Only God Could Write

“Two people with mental issues in a relationship does not work. It's like sitting in a boat and neither one has an oar to row the other to shore. You can meet your mirror image in life, but that doesn't mean you should marry him.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“From someone who doesn't want to share your destiny, you should neither accept a cigarette”
― Cesare Pavese, This Business of Living: Diaries, 1935-1950

“When a girl uses six derogatory adjectives in her attempt to paint the portrait of the loved one, it means something. One may indicate a merely temporary tiff. Six is big stuff.”
― P. G. Wodehouse, Jeeves in the Morning

“Its dark and I’m reading my scars because our moments remind me of where I should be.”
― robert m drake

“It is the mind which creates the world around us, and even though we stand side by side in the same meadow, my eyes will never see what is beheld by yours, my heart will never stir to the emotions with which yours is touched.”
― George Gissing

“Women, in general, will find it difficult to turn from a man and stop demanding that he meets their needs, provides security, and protects their identity, and return to me. Men, in general, find it very hard to turn from the works of their hands, their own quests for power and security and significance, and turn to me.”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“Understand the nature and influence of repeating patterns, from childhood experiences or even from past lives. Wthout understanding, patterns tend to repeat, unnecessarily damaging the relationship.”
― Brian Weiss, Messages from the Masters: Tapping Into the Power of Love

“Just remember that the only question in a house is who is to rule. The rest is only dancing around that, trying not to look it in the eye.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless

“Love is beyond reason. Love is not measurable in words. Love cannot be partial; it cannot have owners. Love is essentially beyond definition or concept.”
― Mabel iam

“One has only to set a loved human being against the fact that we are all in peril all the time to get back a sense of proportion. What does anything matter compared to the reality of love and its span, so brief at best, maintained against such odds?”
― May Sarton, Journal of a Solitude

“When certain parts of our bodies are touched, certain enzymes and chemicals that trigger sexual desire are released into our system. The more our bodies are stimulated, the more chemicals are released and the greater our sexual desire grows until it becomes a virtually unstoppable flood.”
― Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating

“Undeniable chemistry and horrific timing. They love each other.”
― Darnell Lamont Walker

“Mismatches destroy us all, even the most tender ones, and most never have the courage to break someone else's heart to follow their own.”
― Amy Guth, Three Fallen Women

“In relationships, there are no beginning and no end.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“I had a dream about you last night... you were there.”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“If I have to 'catch' a man to get a husband, I don't want one.”
― Tamora Pierce, Shatterglass

“Better guilt than the terrible burden of freedom and responsibility.”
― Ernest Becker, The Denial of Death

“You aren't alive if you aren't in need.”
― Henry Cloud, Safe People: How to Find Relationships That Are Good for You and Avoid Those That Aren't

“Sacrifices made for love are fine, unless the sacrifice is you.”
― Kellie Elmore

“Traveling in a third-world country is the closest thing there is to being married and raising kids. You have glorious hikes and perfect days on the beach. You go on adventures you would never try, or enjoy, alone. But you also can't get away from each other. Everything is unfamiliar. Money is tight or you get robbed. Someone gets sick or sunburned. You get bored. It is harder than you expected, but you are glad you didn't just sit home.”
― Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter - And How to Make the Most of Them Now

“Young love is so ridiculous, as is middle-aged and old love. And it’s also hilarious. When have you ever felt so vulnerable and wonderful and terrible at the same time?”
― Grace Helbig

“Connecting with someone is not necessarily a bond with a significant other, or even a friend, but can be the indefinable - perhaps the rarest and most precious thing in life to find at all.”
― Donna Lynn Hope

“The best relationships are between two people who care more about each other's good than their own momentary pleasure.”
― Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye Study Guide

“Just because lips have met doesn't mean hearts have joined. And just because two bodies are drawn to each other doesn't mean two people are right for each other. A physical relationship does not equal love.”
― Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye Study Guide

“I had a dream about you last night. We were plug sockets in the bedroom. We saw only a short part of their day, but we knew everything of it.”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“I know how you feel because I’ve been there too. I’ve hated and I’ve loved. I’ve seen my demons root and crawl and my angels branch and soar. I've died within myself and lived a thousand different lives. I too fight the same war and I too am drowning in the puddles of self-consciousness this world created.”
― robert m drake

“A wedding is and event, but marriage is a life.”
― Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating

“A pure heart is superlatively rare and even more attractive.”
― J.S.B. Morse, Now and at the Hour of Our Death

“Look for the heart in a man before you look at what he has.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable

“When a man has seen the woman whom he would have chosen if he had intended to marry speedily, his remaining a bachelor will usually depend on her resolution rather than on his.”
― George Eliot, Middlemarch

“But without deeper reflection one knows from daily life that one exists for other people--first of all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness is wholly dependent, and then for the many, unknown to us, to whose destinies we are bound by the ties of sympathy.”
― Albert Einstein, Ideas and Opinions

“He looked at her and tried to discover behind her lascivious expression the familiar features that he loved tenderly. It was as if he were looking at two images through the same lens, at two images superimposed one on the other with one showing through the other. These two images showing through each other were telling him that everything was in the girl, that her soul was terrifyingly amorphous, that it held faithfulness and unfaithfulness, treachery and innocence, flirtatiousness and chastity. This disorderly jumble seemed disgusting to him, like the variety to be found in a pile of garbage. Both images continued to show through each other, and the young man understood that the girl differed only on the surface from other women, but deep down was the same as they: full of all possible thoughts, feelings, and vices, which justified all his secret misgivings and fits of jealousy. The impression that certain outlines delineated her as an individual was only a delusion to which the other person, the one who was looking, was subject--namely himself. It seemed to him that the girl he loved was a creation of his desire, his thoughts, and his faith and that the real girl now standing in front of him was hopelessly other, hopelessly alien, hopelessly ambiguous. He hated her.”
― Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves

“A while back, when Dick & Barry & I agreed that what really matters is what you like, not what you *are* like, Barry proposed the idea of a questionnaire for potential partners, a 2 or 3 page multiple-choice document that covered all the music/film/TV/book bases. It was intended: a) to dispense with awkward conversation, and b) to prevent a chap from leaping into bed with someone who might, at a later date, turn out to have every Julio Iglesias record ever made. It amused us at the time... But there was an important & essential truth contained in the idea, and the truth was that these things matter, and it's no good pretending that any relationship has a future if your record collections disagree violently, or if your favorite films wouldn't even speak to each other if they met at a party.”
― Nick Hornby, High Fidelity

“It's always seemed to me that flirtation is a man's device for avoiding responsibility. He can say whatever he wants and knows he won't be taken seriously.”
― G.G. Vandagriff, The Last Waltz

“It's not other people that hurt us, but what we feel about them”
― Joseph Fink, Welcome to Night Vale

“[novan]: bassists are very good with their fingers
[novan]: and some of us sing backup vocals, so that means we're good with our mouths too...

(~ IM chat with Novan Chang, 18, bassist)”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“You're only responsible for being honest, not for someone else's reaction to your honesty.”
― Kelli Jae Baeli, ISO

“When you walk a life of honesty, you live a life of truth.”
― Therese Benedict

“There's something I have to say," I said seriously, looking her in the eye.
She smiled. "Oookay." She was mocking me-mocking my tone-but I didn't care.
"Okay. Here it is. I love you," I said. "And I never, ever wanted to hurt you. It's like, the number one thing I never want to do, but somehow, I keep doing it. And I'm sorry, I just...that's all I wanted to say all this time. All I was trying to do...with that thing with your dad, not telling you...was not to hurt you. And I'm sorry that I did.
Alley stared at me.
"And I'm sorry that I did it again. With the Chloe thing. Which was stupid. Like, really, really, stupid. And I-"
"Can you just stop, for a second?" Ally said, holding up a hand.
"What?" I said.
"Can you say the first part again?" she asked, rolling her fingers around for a rewind.
I racked my brain.
"Um...I love you?" I said.
"That's the part, Cuz I love you, too.”
― Kieran Scott, He's So Not Worth It

“I don't talk with everybody because i am not everybody, i am single.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“It is in our relations with other people that we gain a sense of ourselves; it's that, pretty much, that makes relations with other people unbearable.”
― Michel Houellebecq, Platform

“Faithfulness in small things leads to faithfulness in great things, and never the other way around.”
― Pastor Jerry L. Lewis, What God Can't Do

“Women were excited after sex, wired becasue in their minds the relationship was on beginning. Men went to sleep m the because for the orgasm had arrived and the relationship was done.”
― Eric Jerome Dickey, Pleasure

“I spend the rest of the afternoon trying to explain to Zoe one of the very saddest notions in love and life: sometimes the timing is wrong--and sometimes you realize the heart of the matter way to late in the game.”
― Emily Giffin, Baby Proof

“He was one of those quite rare adults who communicate with small children fairly well and who love them all impartially--not in a sugary way but in a businesslike fashion that may sometimes entail a hug, in the same way that closing a big business deal may call for a handshake.”
― Stephen King, The Gunslinger

“Trust is not a gasoline-soaked blanket that succumbs to the matches of betrayal, never able to be used for its warmth again; it’s a tapestry that wears thin in places, but can be patched over if you have the right materials, circumstances, and patience to repair it. If you don’t, you’re always the one who feels the coldest when winter comes.”
― A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar

“There is no formula to relationships. They have to be negotiated in loving ways, with room for both parties, what they want and what they need, what they can do and what their life is like.”
― Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie

“For someone who is supposed to be a knight in shining armor, you're acting like an ass in aluminum foil.”
― Lisa Logue, Cursed Secrets

“Being faithful and monogamous is not natural for human beings. It takes work. Deep down we all know that. We have all been tempted to stray at some point or another. Even when it was only a fleeting thought and we didn't act on it. Every time we acknowledge that someone of the opposite sex is "attractive" or "sexy" we are doing nothing other than pointing out that they would be a suitable mate. Not acting on that natural impulse to want to mate with a viable mating partner requires a conscious decision. It's a constant struggle between what your body wants, and what the civilized part of your brain says you should do, in order to avoid the negative consequences of cheating on your spouse and ruining your long-term relationship. That's why affairs, and extra-marital sex, are often referred to as "a moment of weakness.”
― Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends

“I think she cared more for that bloody dog than for me, for us. And maybe that's not so stupid, looking back... maybe it is easier living on your own looking after some stupid mutt than sharing your life with other actual human beings.”
― Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time

“It is so simple, yet so hard for some people to do. If you want someone out of your life then you and only “you” must tell him or her to leave. This can only be done by you. Otherwise, your silence shouts, “I am undecided.” When other people get involved it sends mixed signals. If only more people would be so bold, hearts would not linger so long.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Emotions don’t interfere in my acting, nor in my life.”
― Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice

“I realize the thing about a guy you've spent your whole life loving from afar is that even though he's real you've really made most of him up.”
― Kirsten Smith, The Geography of Girlhood

“I had a dream about you last night.. You thought you were a candy vampire, you were standing in the sun screaming 'I'm melting.”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you last night... I was a brick and you were a blanket. Damn that improbability drive.”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.”
― Shannon Alder

“Each piece of glass is another piece of myself I gave to him.

It's too bad I didn't keep any pieces for myself.”
― Amanda Grace, But I Love Him

“People are meant to go through life two by two. ’Tain’t natural to be lonesome.”
― Thornton Wilder, Our Town

“As for myself: I had come to the conclusion that there was nothing sacred about myself or any human being, that we were all machines, doomed to collide and collide and collide. For want of anything better to do, we became fans of collisions. Sometimes I wrote well about collisions, which meant I was a writing machine in good repair. Sometimes I wrote badly, which meant I was a writing machine in bad repair. I no more harbored sacredness than did a Pontiac, a mousetrap, or a South Bend Lathe.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Breakfast of Champions

“I live for sex.

I celebrate it, and relish the electricity of it, with every fibre of my being.

I can see no better reason for being alive.”
― Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual

“...there remained a strange formality between them, and her pleasure in his presence felt too much like missing him had felt during the last week.”
― Robin McKinley, Pegasus

“A woman may be beautiful but have poor character. A man may be a business genius, making money left and right, but lack common courtesy, sensitivity, and compassion.”
― Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating

“I love you," he said, his voice catching. "When I thought you were going to die, I wanted to die.”
― Eloisa James, When Beauty Tamed the Beast

“A Plan B life can be just as good or better than a Plan A life. You just have to let go of that first dream and realize that God has already written the first chapter of the new life that awaits you. All you have to do is start reading!”
― Shannon Alder

“I always watch you. You consume my every thought.”
― M.A. Stacie, Unwritten Rules

“If the sound of happy children is grating on your ears, I don't think it's the children who need to be adjusted.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“At the end of the day I went to this place where your memories left footsteps on my skin and the breath of your touch stained my desire. Yea, it was one of those nights where I needed you the most.”
― robert m drake

“There are only two ways to live your life. One as if all that matters is to have someone love and accept you. The other is as though loving and accepting another person is all that matters. Often, when you choose the second you get the first.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“No, I don't think I could fall in love with him, handsome though he is, because I don't accept any of that huff he gives me about my great beauty and all that. I'd have to trust a man's words before I could love him. I think.”
― Sherwood Smith, Court Duel

“I love you, he thought, because you are honest with me and because you are willing to speak the truth to me when others might seek to curry favor instead. I love you because you are in this bed with me, not trying to conceive the much-awaited next generation of Windhams, but just holding my hand.

-- Gayle Windham”
― Grace Burrowes, The Heir

“You wouldn't believe that so much could change just because a relationship ended.”
― Nick Hornby, About a Boy

“The day he moved out was terrible –
That evening she went through hell.
His absence wasn’t a problem
But the corkscrew had gone as well.”
― Wendy Cope, Serious Concerns

“It’s the people we hardly know, and not our closest friends, who will improve our lives most dramatically”
― Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter - And How to Make the Most of Them Now

“Among the many answers I have found, I believe love is the most beautiful and simple art that reflects the beauty of life.”
― Mabel Iam

“Love tames the benumbed beast. A man is put to use regarding a woman's physical safety, but a woman is put to use regarding a man's mental safety.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“We cannot win in team situations or in relationships by ourselves. It is like trying to pick up a pencil with only one finger...Even if that one finger is extremely strong, it will prove almost impossible to pick up that pencil unless you use your other fingers or some other part of your hand. Teamwork is a bit like using all of your fingers. Each one is unique and contributes something different, but they unite in pursuit of a common goal.”
― Terry Orlick

“Dumped doesn't even begin to describe it. If you're going to use a trash metaphor, incinerated is more like it.”
― Rachel Cohn, Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List

“The seeking of a mate shall be undertaken with due preparation and care. A life-bond should never be contemplated as a light thing--unlike a legal union or sanctified joining, the sealing of souls CANNOT be severed. When a mate is SOULBOUND to another--LIFEMATED, as some have come to regard it--a mystery is engaged. In one aspect mystical, the lifemating process is the most sublime endeavor that a Refarian may assume. Once formed, the bond must be ever cherished and nurtured by the process of lifelong rigor.”
― Deidre Knight, Parallel Attraction

“I was going to say the beginning is the good part, when it's all sparks and sparkles, before they are inevitably unmasked as assholes.”
― Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone

“There is no key to open the heart of another - except curiosity.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“I had a dream about you last night... You turned red, then green, and then blue. You told me you were trying to fit in with the m&m's.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“Don't show a friend your gift, or your bag of money if you still want to maintain your relationship, but if nay, go on, and all you'll see is hate and jealousy, and you'll fight with him in the street like a dog and all you'll feel is regret.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Relationships unlock certain parts of who we are supposed to be.”
― Donald Miller

“I had a dream about you last night... You tried to propose with a digital ceramic heater.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you last night.. You were in the amazon rain forest yipping like a dog.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“dealing with any man means dealing with multiple personalities.”
― Rick Riordan, The Serpent's Shadow

“Love is supposed to be based on trust, and trust on love, it's something rare and beautiful when people can confide in each other without fearing what the other person will think.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“Every advantage is temporary.”
― Katerina Stoykova Klemer

“It was told to me, it was in a manner forced on me by the very person herself whose prior engagement ruined all my prospects, and told me, as I thought, with triumph. This person's suspicions, therefore, I have had to oppose by endeavouring to appear indifferent where I have been most deeply interested; and it has not been only once; I have had her hopes and exultations to listen to again and again. I have known myself to be divided from Edward forever, without hearing one circumstance that could make me less desire the connection. Nothing has proved him unworthy; nor has anything declared him indifferent to me. I have had to content against the unkindness of his sister and the insolence of his mother, and have suffered the punishment of an attachment without enjoying its advantages. And all this has been going on at the time when, as you too well know, it has not been my only unhappiness. If you can think me capable of ever feeling, surely you may suppose that I have suffered now.”
― Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility

“With all honesty, somewhere between the hello and the dreams I saw you in I fell in love.”
― robert m drake

“Faith doesn't get you around problems in life and relationships, it gets you through it.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable

“The old Amy, the girl of the big laugh and the easy ways, literally shed herself, a pile of skin and soul on the floor, and stepped this new, brittle, bitter Amy ... a razor-wire knot daring me to unloop her, and I was not up to the job with my thick, numb, nervous fingers. Country fingers. Flyover fingers untrained in the intricate, dangerous work of 'solving Amy'. When I'd hold up the bloody stumps, she'd sigh and turn to her secret mental notebooks on which she tallied all my deficiencies, forever noting disappointments, frailties, shortcomings.”
― Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl

“Uh-uh, dude. I tried it your way with the dating and the girls and the kissing and the drama, and man, I didn't like it. Plus, my best friend is a walking cautionary tale of what happens to you when romantic relationships don't involve marriage. Like you always say, kafir, everything ends in breakup, divorce, or death. I want to narrow my misery options to divorce or death - that's all.”
― John Green, An Abundance of Katherines

“Don't feed your ego with my soul.”
― Arzum Uzun

“Is it not the great end of religion, and, in particular, the glory of Christianity, to extinguish the malignant passions; to curb the violence, to control the appetites, and to smooth the asperities of man; to make us compassionate and kind, and forgiving one to another; to make us good husbands, good fathers, good friends; and to render us active and useful in the discharge of the relative social and civil duties? ”
― William Wilberforce

“Then we’re just sitting there, staring at each other. Which has been happening a lot lately. It’s like
whatever wall there was between us, however she was holding herself back from me . . . all of that
pretense is gone.
“And when you find a soul mate,” Sara says, “it’s undeniable. You have to be together.”
“That’s my philosophy.” I look back at her. “You have to go with the flow.”
“Exactly. I think the universe guides you to make the right choices.”
“Do you believe in fate?”
“I guess, but . . . it’s more about creating the life you want so you can make that fate a reality. You
know?”
― Susane Colasanti

“She wasn't broken. She was just bent, over the chance of being ignored by the one she loved.”
― robert m drake

“At your absolute best, you still won't be good enough for the wrong person. At your worst, you'll still be worth it to the right person.”
― Karen Salmansohn

“People don't get to our ages without having pasts. I'm more interested in the future.”
― Robyn Donald, Tiger, Tiger

“Everyone disliked their partners at some time or another, she knew that. But she’d spent her hours in the dark wondering whether she’d ever liked him. Would it really have been so much worse to spend those years alone? Why did there have to be someone else in the room while she was eating, watching TV, sleeping?”
― Nick Hornby, Juliet, Naked

“Wearing a condom is like eating an icecream cone with a sock on your tongue.”
― Mark Gungor

“But some relationships aren't meant to last.

They are worthy only till the time the two persons involved have time for each other.

They do not know eternity. They live for the present, the "now". And when distance plays it part, or life turns out to be busy, they fall apart.

And may be that's why they're never termed "LOVE". They simply remain what they were - mere RELATIONSHIPS.”
― Sanhita Baruah

“Helplessness and anger make for predictable behavior: Children are certain to shove each other and pull hair, teenagers will call each other names and cry, and grown women who are sisters will say words so cruel that each syllable will take on the form of a snake, although such a snake often circles in on itself to eat its own tail once the words are said aloud.”
― Alice Hoffman, Practical Magic

“All the black leather
she needs

is the E-Z boy recliner
where her love is parked

with one of his hands wrapped around a remote,
the other, a bottle of beer.

She's right. It's kinky.
The way he doesn't look away

from the TV,
as her head bobs

in his lap
like a fisherman's float

on a nature program,
hectic

with the pace
his breath sets.

His crotch swells
under her mouth's

prowess. He's such
a sweetheart

he waits
until the

commercials
to come.”
― Daphne Gottlieb, Why Things Burn

“She seemed to think that one of the perks of marriage was that it gave you rights of comment and intrusion over single people's love lives.”
― J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy

“I had a dream about you last night. We went to the store cupboard to make out, but we ended up sharing our pain and then crying together. We wasn't prepared for this level of intimacy.”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“Proclaim your pride and bitterness loudly to the world, but to me speak softly, and tell me simply that she doesn't love you.”
― Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac

“...you do not have too many boogeymen for me. You have just the right number.”
― Rebecca Wells

“FRIDA KAHLO TO MARTY MCCONNELL

leaving is not enough; you must
stay gone. train your heart
like a dog. change the locks
even on the house he’s never
visited. you lucky, lucky girl.
you have an apartment
just your size. a bathtub
full of tea. a heart the size
of Arizona, but not nearly
so arid. don’t wish away
your cracked past, your
crooked toes, your problems
are papier mache puppets
you made or bought because the vendor
at the market was so compelling you just
had to have them. you had to have him.
and you did. and now you pull down
the bridge between your houses,
you make him call before
he visits, you take a lover
for granted, you take
a lover who looks at you
like maybe you are magic. make
the first bottle you consume
in this place a relic. place it
on whatever altar you fashion
with a knife and five cranberries.
don’t lose too much weight.
stupid girls are always trying
to disappear as revenge. and you
are not stupid. you loved a man
with more hands than a parade
of beggars, and here you stand. heart
like a four-poster bed. heart like a canvas.
heart leaking something so strong
they can smell it in the street.”
― Marty McConnell

“Remember, that choosing to stay on the ground is a choice to facilitate a relationship, to honor it. You don't play a game or color a picture with a child to show your superiority. Rather, you choose to limit yourself so as to facilitate and honor that relationship... It is not about winning and losing, but about love and respect.”
― W. Paul Young, The Shack

“There is such a shelter in each other.”
― Nick Laird

“I had a dream about you last night... Unfortunately, it wasn't a dream.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you last night.. You kept screaming at Ted Danson to pour you a drink.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you last night... Well I say dream I mean nightmare... you were a Yankee fan.”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you. You were being hung. I had a sword in one hand and a stool in the other. I couldn’t decide which one to use, so I stood on the stool and threw myself on the sword. It was the least I could do to protest capital punishment.”
― Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You

“The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“When you can’t reach the standards of another’s heart you must ask yourself,
"What value do I put on my soul that I would subject myself to such rejection?”
― Shannon Alder, 300 Questions LDS Couples Should Ask Before Marriage

“When a man plays with your heart it is for one of two reasons: He knows he can or he is undecided.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“First of all, never buy a man a plasma TV until you're married. A lot of men once they have a plasma TV they don't need a girlfriend”
― Greg Behrendt, Amiira Ruotola-Behrendt

“If you do not respect your own wishes, no one else will. You will simply attract people who disrespect you as much as you do.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“That was the day that I promised I'd never sing of love that does not exist. but darling, You are the only exception”
― Hayley Williams

“How could I live above the water or breathe under it. How could I swim in darkness consumed in an ocean of you? Falling or flying towards you, losing or finding myself in you and beauty was never the word to catch all that you are. For now I know the means of the infinite and it all starts and ends with you.”
― robert m drake

“If you never left anything or anyone there would be no room for the new. Naturally, to move on is an infidelity -- to others, to the past, to old notions of oneself. Perhaps every day should contain at least one essential infidelity or necessary betrayal. It would be an optimistic, hopeful act, guaranteeing belief in the future -- a declaration that things can be not only different but better.”
― Hanif Kureishi, Intimacy

“You can only trust your emotions as you can lie to yourself with your brain but not your heart.”
― Carl White

“If I knew how a lot of my relationships would have turned out, I never would have gotten involved in them... And I would have missed out on some of the best times in my life.”
― L.A. Witt, Rules of Engagement

“Some people are oil and water.”
― John Christopher, The Pool of Fire

“Bones,” I sighed. “Know something? I’m not afraid of you, but you scare
me….” His outline blurred again.
“You scare me, too, Kitten,” he might have replied, but I couldn’t be sure.”
― Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave

“Miro, I'm so sorry. I always felt such pity for you humans because you could only think of one thing at a time and your memories were so imperfect and . . . now I realize that just getting through the day without killing somebody can be an achievement."

It gets to be a habit. Most of us manage to keep our body count quite low. It's the neighborly way to live.”
― Orson Scott Card, Children of the Mind

“Suddenly I remembered that laugh, it told a different story, our story.”
― robert m drake

“Just because he likes the same bizzaro crap as you doesn't mean he's your soul mate.”
― Rachel Hansen

“There is a soul-jealousy that can be as frantic as any body-jealousy.”
― Arthur Conan Doyle, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes

“Every time you mistreat someone, you reveal the part of you that lacks love and needs to heal.”
― Kemi Sogunle

“Parker: She believed, absolutely, that each person, each heart, had a counterpart—had a mate. A rightness. She’d always believed it, and understood that unshakable belief was a reason she was good at what she did.”
― Nora Roberts

“I decided that giving a girl a ring when you're not in a serious relationship is sort of like giving a guy a blow job when you have no real feelings for him. It makes everything feel a little cheap.It cheapens the giver and the recipient.”
― Emily Giffin, Baby Proof

“How can I grieve what is still in motion?" I ask her. "Shoes are still dropping all over the place. I´m not kidding," I say. "It´s Normandy out there.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“She realized, when relationships failed to last, it was not because love was no longer present, but because people had stopped believing in themselves and in their partners.”
― Christina Westover, Poisoning Sylvie

“Mine Enemy is growing old --
I have at last Revenge --
The Palate of the Hate departs --
If any would avenge

Let him be quick -- the Viand flits --
It is a faded Meat --
Anger as soon as fed is dead --
'Tis starving makes it fat”
― Emily Dickinson, I'm Nobody! Who Are You?

“A horrible end is better than endless horror.”
― Oliver Markus, Sex and Crime: Oliver's Strange Journey

“He had known so much about her once -what she thought, how she felt, the reasons for her actions. And now he only knew that he loved her, and all the other knowledge seemed passing from him just as he needed it most.”
― E.M. Forster, Where Angels Fear to Tread

“There was a time Jeff and Helen loved each other and touched each other's hands and ate breakfast in cafes together and secretly fucked in public, the way people in like do. Then came a time they made each other crazy and beat their hands on steering wheels and tore up love letters and photographs and said goodbye.”
― Amy Guth, Three Fallen Women

“You can always evaluate a man's character by the way he speaks about his ex girlfriends and other women. When entering a new relationship or getting close with a new guy, make sure you take notice of the language he uses when referring to other girls”
― Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women

“When all one person do is complain, people don't want to talk or listen to them.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett

“...workplace dynamics are no less complicated or unexpectedly intense than family relations, with only the added difficulty that whereas families are at least well-recognised and sanctioned loci for hysteria reminiscent of scenes from Medea, office life typically proceeds behind a mask of shallow cheerfulness, leaving workers grievously unprepared to handle the fury and sadness continually aroused by their colleagues.”
― Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work

“To make him important in one’s life requires an overactive imagination. Unfortunately, mine never knows when to quit.”
― Carrie Fisher, The Princess Diarist

“I had a dream about you. We couldn't decide on a sunrise. You wanted a tan, I only cared about the view. Then World War III fulfilled both our desires.”
― Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You

“There are so many movies like this, where you thought you were smarter than the screen but the director was smarter than you, of course he's the one, of course it was a dream, of course she's dead, of course, it's hidden right there, of course it's the truth and you in your seat have failed to notice in the dark.”
― Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up

“Every configuration of people is an entirely new universe unto itself.”
― Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue

“I missed you so much," she breathed.
I tilted my head back and put my hands on her shoulders. I could hardly believe this was happening. I was finally getting to touch her. To kiss her. It was all happening. "I missed you, too.”
― Kieran Scott, He's So Not Worth It

“When you want to share something with another person more than anything, it is one of the most difficult things to realize that you can never have it. Accepting this realization is even more difficult. Loving someone does mean saying goodbye to them in some cases, though we will fight that until the oftentimes bitter end before doing the right thing.”
― Ashly Lorenzana

“You never walk alone. Even the devil is the lord of flies.”
― Gilles Deleuze

“I know you think I'm crazy. Maybe that's because I am. About life, about this moment, about you.”
― Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading

“Then, what's the matter?' I wonder, in fact, how many times I have said that or something equal to it to a woman passing palely through my life. What're you thinking? What's made you so quiet? You seem suddenly different. What's the matter? Love me is what this means, of course. Or at least, second best: surrender. Or at the very least, take some time regaling me with why you won't, and maybe by the end you will.”
― Richard Ford, The Sportswriter

“Lovers do things together! They rent videos, they ride Ferris wheels, they go out for pizza, they play Scrabble. They . . . they talk!'

'Talk?' He lifted his head and frowned, his eyes puzzled. 'We talk all the time, Raine. I've never had such talkative sex.'

'That's just it!' She wiggled, flailed, but couldn't budge him. 'Two minutes alone with you, and I'm flat on my back. Every single time!'

A slow, knowing grin spread over his face. 'Is this your way of telling me you want to be on top?”
― Shannon McKenna, Behind Closed Doors

“Too often in my life, love has been defined as "humiliation with occasional roses".”
― Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming

“All human males were as fascinated with cars as they were with breasts.”
― Anita Clenney

“the important people in our lives leave imprints. they may die or go in the physical realm, but they are always there in your heart, because they helped form your heart”
― Jules Renard

“The fights are always the same”
― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower

“It happens the world over - we love ourselves more than we do the one we say we love. We all want to be Number One, we've got to be Number One or nothing! We can't see that we could make ourselves loved and needed in the Number Two, or Three, or Four spot. No sir, we've got to be Number One, and if we can't make it, we'll rip and tear at the loved one till we've ruined every smidgin of love that was ever there.”
― Irene Hunt, Up a Road Slowly

“Maybe what this is. What we have, is something that will save us from ourselves.”
― robert m drake

“The protagonist, Amanda, discusses her sex relationship with her husband, John Paul --

As long as it's done with honesty and grace, John Paul doesn't mind if I go to bed with other men. Or with other girls, as is sometimes my fancy. What has marriage got to do with it? Marriage is not a synonym for monogamy any more than monogamy is a synonym for ideal love. To live lightly on the earth, lovers and families must be more flexible and relaxed. The ritual of sex releases its magic inside or outside the marital bond. I approach that ritual with as much humility as possible and perform it whenever it seems appropriate. As for John Paul and me, a strange spurt of semen is not going to wash our love away.”
― Tom Robbins, Another Roadside Attraction

“A relationship needs constant attention. It’s a living thing, not just a habit. You’ve got to keep on top of it.”
― Matt Dunn, Best Man

“Every broken heart has screamed at one time or another, "I want to know why!”
― Shannon L. Alder

“We Are Lovable
Even if the most important person in your world rejects you, you are still real, and you are still okay.”
― Melody Beattie, Codependent No More: How to Stop Controlling Others and Start Caring for Yourself

“This is where men and women are different, we can put aside petty competition for relationships - they can't. It interferes.”
― Adriana Trigiani, Viola in Reel Life

“To save face, it's better not to ask sex from the ex, but to give everything the axe.”
― Anthony Liccione

“The greater the gap between self perception and reality, the more aggression is unleashed on those who point out the discrepancy.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“I could now see her the way she actually is and not in the distorted way my mind presented her to me when I was trying to find a reason to reject her and move on”
― Jack Weyland, As Always, Dave

“As they embrace, she kisses him full on the mouth. And suddenly sticks her tongue right in. She has done this before, often. It’s one of those drunken long shots which just might, at least theoretically, once in ten thousand tries, throw a relationship right out of its orbit and send it whizzing off on another. Do women ever stop trying? No. But, because they never stop, they learn to be good losers.”
― Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man

“Did you know that wherever you find fool's gold, real gold exists somewhere nearby? This also goes for relationships and friendships. Real gold is found in the heart. For every piece of fake gold that you discard, remember that true gold isn't too far.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Successful relationships are those relationships were conflicts are successfully resolved and in fact peoples intimacy, closeness, and love are enhanced through the resolution of conflicts. I have always become closer to my wife and to my friends when we have conflicts and work through them successfully because conflicts will always arise. They are an opportunity for intimacy, self-knowledge, and a greater connection.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“Siguro kaya naimbento ang salita’t konseptong closure ay para sa mga tinatamad malaman ang magiging wakas. Yung mga atat na atat malaman ang ending. Yung mga naburyong na sa pagkainip sa dapat kahinatnan. Kesa nga naman maghintay sa pagkahaba-haba’t pagkatagal-tagal ng ending, mabuti pang putulin nalang.”
― Eros Atalia

“If she does not respect you, she will replace you.”
― Habeeb Akande

“I've decided that there isn't much difference in the way we treat our siblings and the way we treat our special someones. But at the end of it all we know our siblings have to forgive us...or they'll never be able to borrow our car.”
― Emma Daley

“She was very beautiful and he felt he loved her. She was not beautiful as a state or a picture is beautiful; she was beautiful as a meadow across which the wind blows. It was life that pulsed in her and that had formed her into what she was.”
― Erich Maria Remarque, Arch of Triumph: A Novel of a Man Without a Country

“I had a dream about you. You suggested to split the profits, so I did. I threw one half in the furnace to power the steam engine, and the other half in the air to distract our pursuers.”
― Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You

“This is what our love is––a sacred pattern of unbroken unity sewn flawlessly invisible inside all other images, thoughts, smells, and sounds.”
― Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams

“No people find each other more absurd than lovers”
― C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce

“Even before we met and long after we're both gone, my heart lives inside of yours. I'm forever and ever in love with you.”
― Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2

“Because two people in love don't make a hive mind. Neither should they want to be a hive mind, to think the same, to know the same. It's about being separate and still loving each other, being distinct from each other. One is the violin string one is the bow.”
― Graham Joyce

“I am replete with stamina in finding out every single fact I can about this whole affair.

Yet, I think, do I want to pull that thread? Do I want to unleash the truth, unravel deceit, and kill reality as I´ve known it? It is irreparable, if I do, from the moment we met until now. It is long. If I discover too much that is false about what I thought my past was, Time will be skewed even further. I already have a poor connection with the present. Example: I have no sense of what day it is. It´s better.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“It took hours to turn the clock back 30 seconds.”
― Jonathan Franzen, Strong Motion

“It made me realize how I needed to stop punishing her for something she couldn't help [...] because sometimes things happen to people and they're not equipped to deal with them.”
― Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire

“So I put up with bad behavior in the name of loving the way I thought you were supposed to love.”
― Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming

“It seemed that everyone else could mate, could fit their parts together in pleasant and productive ways, but that some almost indistinguishable difference in my anatomy and psyche set me slightly, yet irrevocably, apart.”
― Peter Cameron, Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You

“This is what it is to love an artist: The moon is always rising above your house. The houses of your neighbors look dull and lacking in moonlight. But he is always going away from you. Inside his head there is always something more beautiful.”
― Sarah Ruhl, Eurydice

“I just want you to know that where ever life takes you, I'll always be happy for you as long as its something that makes you happy because that's all that really makes me happy. Why? I'm just listening to my heart and all it's telling me is to understand. Which in a way I can but then again I can't. I'm use to it all though because not everyone lives a fair life if you know what I mean.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable

“… she gave me a look that deftly combined tenderness with revulsion. To this day the memory of that look still visits me like a Jehovah’s Witness: uninvited and tireless.”
― Steve Toltz

“Maybe, if you can't get someone out of your head they were never meant to leave. Perhaps, they were meant to help change you into the person you have been waiting to become.”
― shannon l. alder

“They ought to find out how to vaccinate for love, like smallpox.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“Close cycles. Not because of pride or arrogance, but because that no longer fits your life”
― Paulo Coelho

“Let Love Rule”
― Lenny Kravitz

“You know what's lame, Pudge? I really care about her. I mean, we were hopeless. Badly matched. But still. I mean, I said I loved her... I mean, it's stupid to miss someone you didn't even get along with. but I don't know, it was nice, you know, having someone you could always fight with.”
― John Green, Looking for Alaska

“No one had told her this would happen, that her girlishness would give way to the solid force of wifehood, motherhood. The choices available were all imperfect. If you chose to be with someone, you often wanted to be alone. If you chose to be alone, you often felt the unbearable need for another body - not necessarily for sex, but just to rub your foot, to sit across the table, to drop his things around the room in a way that was maddening but still served as a reminder that he was there.”
― Meg Wolitzer, The Position

“His arms wrapped around my waist from behind and he kissed my neck again, closer to the wound this time. My pulse accelerated. I wanted him to bite me; I wanted to be his.”
― Joann I. Martin Sowles, Laney

“Nodding, Parker ate. “He’s an exceptional kisser.”
“He really is. He . . . How do you know?” When Parker just smiled, Emma’s jaw dropped. “You? You and Jack? When? How?”
“I think it’s disgusting,” Mac muttered. “Yet another best pal moving on my imaginary ex.”
“Two kisses, my first year at Yale, after we ran into each other at a party and he walked me back to the dorm. It was nice. Very nice. But as exceptional a kisser as he is, it was too much like kissing my brother. And as exceptional a kisser as I am, I believe he felt it was too much like kissing his sister. And that’s how we left it. I gather that wasn’t an issue for you and Jack.”
― Nora Roberts, Bed of Roses

“If you don't feel the same way about him, if you're just leading him on, you need to tell him that. I've seen too many nice guys get shafted because a girl can't get over some jerk.”
― Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape

“Why?" She asked in a confused whisper. "Out of all the women in the world, why did you choose this mortal?"
"Because fate drove me to you.”
― Charlotte Featherstone, Lust

“It sometimes seemed to him that for love to work, it had to be fair, that he should tell only half the joke, and she the other half. Otherwise, it would not be love, but something completely else–pity or entertainment, or stand-up comedy.”
― Tao Lin, Bed

“If you have people who treat you badly in your life, they will be a human shield against people who will treat you well. If that’s not true then we should apply it to marriage and start saying to woman who are being put down or beaten, “you gotta stay with him because he needs you and he has been your husband for 20 years for heaven sakes. You just have to work to love him more and so on.” This is the advice they gave to woman like 200 fucking years ago and it was abusive advice.

I view the parent child relationship (This just not my made up perspective.) it is the least voluntary relationship. At least the woman who got married chose to get married. We don’t choose our parents. The highest standards of behavior are required for parents and no one else. There is no one else whose standards of behavior need be higher than parents and so often parents get away with the lowest possible standards of behavior with regards to their children.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“We can help pave the roads of those around us, but we can't choose their direction.”
― Michelle Moran, Rebel Queen

“I wear a necklace of hope with pearly beads. When I met you, it broke, and the beads spilled all over the floor, into the gutters.”
― Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading

“Everybody is taken in at some period or another. [...] In marriage especially. [...] There is not one in a hundred of either sex, who is not taken in when they marry. Look where I will, I see that it is so; and I feel that it must be so, when I consider that it is, of all transactions, the one in which people expect most from others, and are least honest with themselves.”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“I had a dream about you last night.
We moved into a cabin in the countryside.
I couldn't handle the spiders.
You couldn't handle my drama.
I moved back to the city.”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“Dropping in and out of your own life (for psychotic breaks, or treatment in a hospital) isn’t like getting off a train at one stop and later getting back on at another. Even if you can get back on (and the odds are not in your favor), you’re lonely there. The people you boarded with originally are far, far ahead of you, and now you’re stuck playing catch-up.”
― Elyn R. Saks, The Center Cannot Hold: My Journey Through Madness

“I had a dream about you last night. It wasn't until after you sold me the talking car, I realized you were the world’s best ventriloquist.”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“Every relationship that has hit a crossroads has asked, “What is it that you want from me?”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Il n'y a rien de gentil à laisser de faux espoirs. L'ambiguïté est la source de la douleur.”
― Amélie Nothomb, Ni d'Ève ni d'Adam

“All over the world major museums have bowed to the influence of Disney and become theme parks in their own right. The past, whether Renaissance Italy or Ancient Egypt, is re-assimilated and homogenized into its most digestible form. Desperate for the new, but disappointed with anything but the familiar, we recolonize past and future. The same trend can be seen in personal relationships, in the way people are expected to package themselves, their emotions and sexuality, in attractive and instantly appealing forms.”
― J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition

“How could you do that to me?" I repeat. I don´t have to itemize. He knows what I speak of.
Eventually N produces three answers, in this order:

1. "Because I am a complete rotter." I silently agree, but it´s a cop-out: I have maggots, therefore I am dead.
2. "I was stressed at work and unhappy and we were always fighting...and you know I was just crazy..."

I cut him off, saying, "You don´t get to be crazy. You did exactly what you chose to do."
Which is true, he did. It is what he has always done. He therefore seems slightly puzzled at the need for further diagnosis, which may explain his third response:

3. "I don´t know."

This, I feel instinctively, is the correct answer. How can I stay angry with him for being what he is? I was, after all, his wife, and I chose him. No coincidences, that´s what Freud said. None. Ever.
I wipe my eyes on my sleeve and walk toward the truck, saying to his general direction, "Fine. At least now I know: You don´t know."
I stop and turn around and fire one more question: a bullet demanding attention in the moment it enters the skin and spreads outward, an important bullet that must be acknowledged.
"What did you feel?"
After a lengthy pause, he answers. "I felt nothing."
And that, I realize too late, was not the whole truth, but was a valid part of the truth.
Oh, and welcome to the Serengeti. That too.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“The toxic behaviors were there before you decided to enter into relationships with them. The signs were there. You may have chosen to look the other way, but the signs were there.—Psychotherapist from Type 1 Sociopath”
― P.A. Speers, Type 1 Sociopath - When Difficult People Are More Than Just Difficult People

“We believe we are seeking happiness in love, but what we are really after is familiarity. We are looking to re-create, within our adult relationships, the very feelings we knew so well in childhood and which were rarely limited to just tenderness and care. The love most of us will have tasted early on came entwined with other, more destructive dynamics: feelings of wanting to help an adult who was out of control, of being deprived of a parent’s warmth or scared of his or her anger, or of not feeling secure enough to communicate our trickier wishes.

How logical, then, that we should as adults find ourselves rejecting certain candidates not because they are wrong but because they are a little too right—in the sense of seeming somehow excessively balanced, mature, understanding, and reliable—given that, in our hearts, such rightness feels foreign and unearnt. We chase after more exciting others, not in the belief that life with them will be more harmonious, but out of an unconscious sense that it will be reassuringly familiar in its patterns of frustration.”
― Alain de Botton, The Course of Love

“Kiss me hot,heavy,wet & angry with that attitude like you do when your mouth yells it hates me but your tongue screams it can’t wait for me. Hug me, touch me, submit to me with that insatiable passion like you do when you thought you could leave but the sight of my throbbing rock hard love muscle made you too weak in the knees. Your mind is melting fast, your soul is whispering trust, your eyes are begging please and your anger has turned to lust. Let me undress your body, caress your skin and wetly massage your mind back into making love to me again. I’d rather say I’m sorry and keep my best friend than have this come to an end. Be encouraged but more importantly…be lethal with your make up love.”
― Kerry E. Wagner

“Yes. THANK YOU. And say hello to Judas Iscariot.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“Unfortunately, he still hadn’t asked for my number, or a date, or my hand in marriage, and my drink was getting low.”
― Kimberly Novosel, Loved

“Somewhere underneath it all, I know he doesn't deserve to take up space in my brain.”
― Susane Colasanti, Take Me There

“Because that's what unfaithfulness is, isn't it? A cancer that's always there in the back of your mind, eating away at the foundations of the relationship.”
― Matt Dunn, The Ex-Boyfriend's Handbook

“I kept loving and loving and loving. Every waking hour, I marveled on how these moments would make made me feel. I wanted to love the world and be the change it so deliciously craved.”
― robert m drake

“I want to tell him that it's just a stupid car, but bits of me are scattered all over town; the graveyard, school, Cassie's room, the motel, and standing in from of the sink in my mother's kitchen. It takes too much energy to gather all the bits together, so I just sit there and watch him implode. ”
― Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls

“We all want relationships that are healthy and resolved, and sometimes that simply doesn't happen. But the beauty of life is that inside these disappointments are hidden the most miraculous of blessings. What we lose and what we might have been pales against what we have.”
― Laura Schroff, An Invisible Thread

“It’s funny how many ways there are to hurt people. As many ways to hurt as there are species of flower. Whole bouquets of hurt.”
― Joshua Gaylord, When We Were Animals

“We might have coupled
In the bed-ridden monopoly of a moment
Or broken flesh with one another
At the profane communion table
Where wine is spill'd on promiscuous lips

We might have given birth to a butterfly
With the daily-news
Printed in blood on its wings”
― Mina Loy, The Lost Lunar Baedeker: Poems of Mina Loy

“I had a dream about you last night. Eons ago, we created a Universe, then sat back and watched miniature versions of ourselves try to make all the same mistakes we did.”
― Michael Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“We returned to the hotel and had intercourse. I like that word intercourse. It poses only a limited range of possibilities.”
― Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase

“I didn’t answer. We were not buddies. We could not chat about the proximity of our offices, or football, or forgiveness.”
― Kimberly Novosel, Loved

“Use the darkness of your past to propel you to a brighter future.”
― Donata Joseph

“I’ve loved him since I’ve known him, Mrs. Daniels. He just finally stopped fighting.”
― Amy Lane, Sidecar

“There are many things that can keep you in a relationship. Fear of being alone, Fear of disrupting the arrangement of your life.A decision to settle for something that's okay. Because you don;t know if you can get any better. Or maybe there's the irrational belief that it will get better even if you know he won't change.”
― David Levithan

“Men want a girl who looks like a boy. They want to protect her but she must be a survivor. And she must come...like a train...but with...elegance.”
― Patrick Marber, Closer

“I had a dream about you last night... You replaced all the people in your life with kittens. It felt more like a prediction of the future.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“It's the opposite of the collapse of the fantasy.

It's what happens when the illusion pales in comparison to the truth. I'm seeing her for the first time. Not Ava Garden Wilder, the rags-to-riches granddaughter of Clyde Jones. Not a tragic, romantic heroine.

Just Ava.

And I am utterly in love.”
― Nina LaCour, Everything Leads to You

“Young girls often feel strong, courageous, highly creative, and powerful until they begin to receive undermining sexist messages that encourage them to conform to conventional notions of femininity. To conform they have to give up power.”
― bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love

“I had a dream about you last night... you sat in a cardboard box and said you were a tree.”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you last night... you were crying over spilt ink screaming "the words, the what could have been beautiful words.”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you last night… it was raining and you were fishing for fire to set a sandcastle a flame.”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a dream about you last night.. You pretended not to be a three hole punch.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“I no longer have the energy for meaningless friendships, forced interactions or unnecessary conversations. If we don’t vibrate on the same frequency there’s just no reason for us to waste our time. I’d rather have no one and wait for substance than to not feel someone and fake the funk.”
― Joquesse Eugenia

“When introverts go to church, we crave sanctuary in every sense of the word, as we flee from the disorienting distractions of twenty-first-century life. We desire to escape from superficial relationships, trivial communications and the constant noise that pervade our world, and find rest in the probing depths of God's love.”
― Adam S. McHugh, Introverts in the Church: Finding Our Place in an Extroverted Culture

“There are better people in the world, do not let the worst do the worst to you, you deserve the best in life.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Each time a person passes by you and you say 'hello', imagine that person turning into a candle. The more positivity, love and light you reflect, the more light is mirrored your way. Sharing beautiful hellos is the quickest way to earn spiritual brownie points. You should start seeing hellos as small declarations of faith. Every time you say hello to a stranger, your heart acknowledges over and over again that we are all family.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Love affairs are for emotional sprinters; the pleasures of love are for the emotional marathoners.”
― Robertson Davies

“I love love. I love having a lover and being one. The insularity of passion. I love it. I love the way it blurs the distinction between everyone who isn't one's lover.”
― Tom Stoppard, The Real Thing

“The trouble with you is that the only way you can communicate is through art. You’ve never learned to communicate your feelings to a man. You don’t even want to communicate in a relationship. You think that if you open up to love, you’ll lose your independence or your self-expression or creativity or whatever you call all that passionate, wonderful stuff that makes you feel alive inside.”
― Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All

“If truth doesn't set you free, generosity of spirit will.”
― Katerina Stoykova Klemer

“...Love can give you the most exhilarating wonderful highs at times...
...Then there will be dives that will take all you have just to hold on...

Quote on the Title Page of "Love TORN Asunder”
― Elizabeth Funderbirk, Love Torn Asunder

“The vast desire and capacity a woman has for intimate relationships tells us of God's vast desire and capacity for intimate relationships. In fact, this may be The most important thing we ever learn about God--the He yearns for relationship with us. "Now this is eternal life: that they may know you, the only true God" (John 17:3). The whole story of the Bible is a love story between God and His people. He yearns for us. He cares. He has a tender heart.”
― Stasi Eldredge, Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul

“I want to take all our best moments, put them in a jar, and take them out like cookies and savor each one of them forever.”
― Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading

“She was aware that in love even the most passionate idealism will not rid the body's surface of its terrible, basic importance.”
― Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves

“Just friends, just friends. Standing there in the bookstore, watching Seth walk away, I half wondered how anyone could still use that line. But I knew why, of course. It was used because people still believed it. Or at least they wanted to.”
― Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues

“Excuse me, I feel interrupted and I think I've overdose from the idea of loving you.”
― robert m drake

“I dunno." She sat on the bench and hugged the robe like a pillow. "I still think that Brett guy is cute."
"Good luck getting him away from Bekka." Cleo gathered her silky black hair into a high pony and pink-dabbed Smith's Rosebud Salve on her lips. "She's got more grip than Crazy Glue."
"More cling than Saran Wrap," Lala added.
"More hold than Final Net." Cleo giggled.
"More possession than The Exorcist," Lala managed.
"More clench than butt cheeks," Blue chimed in.
"More competition than American Idol," Frankie stuck out her chest and showed them her diva booty roll.
The girls burst out laughing.
"Nice!" Blue lifted her purple gloved hand.
Frankie slapped it without a single spark.
"I hate to be a downer..." Claudine shuffled back into the conversation wearing her slippers and robe. "But that girl will destroy you if she catches you with Brett."
"I'm not worried," Frankie tossed her hair back. "I've seen all the teen movies, and the nice girl gets the boy in the end.”
― Lisi Harrison, Monster High

“When you depersonalize abrasive behavior and see it as a call for help you become a catalyst for the best kind of change.”
― Marilyn Suttle

“My life was dark, torture and empty before you found me. You brought the light, Red. I love you.”
― M.A. Stacie, Unwritten Rules

“I saw my reflection in their eyes, but not the men themselves, not clearly. This preserved the idea that all intelligent and even vaguely attractive men were essentially good. Delusion detest focus and romance provides the veil.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“When a clandestine couple kisses, it is much more likely that sex will immediately follow. This is because there is much more risk. Once you have kissed secretly, it is very difficult not to have sex. It would be impolite not to have sex. You have to show that you are serious about each other.”
― Adam Thirlwell, Politics

“My Personality

unfolding before you
like a Swiss Army knife.”
― Katerina Stoykova Klemer, The Air Around the Butterfly / Въздухът около пеперудата

“Oh, how wonderfully romantic of you. Romantics are really only in love with themselves.”
― Miguel Syjuco, Ilustrado

“She would be quiet at first. Then she would say a word about something small, something she had noticed, and then another word, and another, each one flung out like a little piece of sand, one from this direction, another form behind, more and more, until his looks, his character, his soul would have eroded away . . . I was afraid that some unseen speck of truth would fly into my eye, blur what I was seeing and transform him from the divine man I thought he was into someone quite mundane, mortally wounded with tiresome habits and irritating imperfections.”
― Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club

“Marriage," she said quietly, "is the most expensive ticket to nowhere”
― Aryn Kyle, The God of Animals

“So often, we had the tendency of saying, they're the problem. No, they're not the problem. Our heart is the problem. they are just there to show me what is in my heart. They don't put those things in my heart. They don't put the wrath, the bitterness in my heart. Those things are already there. They are the vessels God uses to to release what is in my heart so that I am aware of how black my heart really is.”
― Lowell Nelson

“To listen is very hard, because it asks of us so much interior stability that we no longer need to prove ourselves by speeches, arguments, statements, or declarations. True listeners no longer have an inner need to make their presence known. They are free to receive, to welcome, to accept.

Listening is much more than allowing another to talk while waiting for a chance to respond. Listening is paying full attention to others and welcoming them into our very beings. The beauty of listening is that, those who are listened to start feeling accepted, start taking their words more seriously and discovering their own true selves. Listening is a form of spiritual hospitality by which you invite strangers to become friends, to get to know their inner selves more fully, and even to dare to be silent with you.”
― Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith

“Sanity is not about confrontation. It's about filtering. Having a stable and happy life is about saying "no" to crazy people, not about inviting them in and then hoping that confrontations are going to make them sane.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“The three most important words in a relationship are not, 'I love you,' but, 'Tell me more.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“To be yourself is in many ways to be inconvenient to others. Only placaters and appeasers get along with other people all the time and that's not really getting along with anyone. That's just self erasure.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“I dread this power he has over me. It makes me want to tell him all my secrets and see if he still wants me.”
― Amanda Bouchet, A Promise of Fire

“I had a dream about you last night... you made a beard for yourself out of forty two bags of Twizzlers.”
― Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You

“I believe the world is divided in three groups: givers, takers and the few that can balance both impulses. Giving and loving is a beautiful thing. It is the currency of compassion and kindness, it is what separates good people from the rest. And without it, the world would be a bleak place. If you are a giver, it is wise to define your boundaries because takers will take what you allow them to; all givers must learn to protect that about themselves or eventually, there is nothing left to give.”
― Tiffany Madison

“I am unlovable...I have tried to involve myself in other people, in relationships, and even - in my sillier moments - in love. But it doesn't work. Something in me is broken or missing and sooner or later the other person catches me Acting or one of Those Nights comes along.”
― Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter

“There are many forms of love as there is moments in time, and you are capable of feeling them all at different stages of your life.”
― Shannon Alder

“The power of patriarchy has been to make maleness feared and to make men feel that it is better to be feared that to be loved. Whether they can confess this or not, men know that just is not true.”
― bell hooks

“Honey, nobody ever knows someone completely. You have to just enjoy what you do know and have faith in the rest.”
― Erin McCarthy, Hard and Fast

“The more invested I am in my own ideas about reality, the more those experiences will feel like victimizations rather than the ups and downs of relating. Actually, I believe that the less I conceptualize things that way, the more likely it is that people will want to stay by me, because they will not feel burdened, consciously or unconsciously, by my projections, judgments, entitlements, or unrealistic expectations.”
― David Richo, Daring to Trust: Opening Ourselves to Real Love and Intimacy

“Our actions are guaranteed to affect others. Because we are not alone in this world, much of our learning about ourselves comes from our interaction with others. Our relationships are our teachers. We learn from each other.”
― Dr. Tae Yun Kim, Seven Steps to Inner Power

“But everything I have to give, I'll give to you”
― Ray Lamontagne

“The person who wants out of the relationship always gets her way.”
― Emily Giffin, Something Blue

“To get the most out of the relationship you are in, it won't be helpful to listen to the ego's stories about it. They will only bring separation and conflict. Essence would tell a different story about your loved one. It would probably be something like: "This person is in my life for me to love to the best of my ability. Let's see what happens if I do that." As Essence, we are here to serve others and serve life. The ego, on the other hand, is all about serving itself.”
― Gina Lake, What About Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment

“The first time someone I loved left me behind...I didn't know how my family would balance. We had been such a sturdy little end table, four solid legs. I was sure we would now be off-kilter, always unstable. Until one day I looked more closely, and realized that we had simply become a stool.”
― Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf

“I just wouldn’t want to hook up with a guy unless I really, really like him, and in my
experience all boys can be classified as either assholes or bores, unless they’re both.
Maybe it’s a blessing, because the last thing I need is relationship drama to sidetrack me from my grades.”
― Daria Snadowsky, Anatomy of a Boyfriend

“Love doesn't always curl your toes sometimes it takes a bite right out of your soul.”
― Stanley Victor Paskavich

“Because a quiet night is not the same as a silent one, a firm man is not the same as a steady one, and a bright light is not the same as a brilliant one.”
― Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me

“You cannot borrow half of who you are from someone else, yet people try to do it all of the time, they just call it a relationship!”
― Jennifer O'Neill, The Pursuit of Happiness: 21 Spiritual Rules to Sucess

“Miles was still mourning the loss of his Romantic Plan. 'There was going to be champagne, and oysters, and you' -- he held out both hands as though shifting a piece of furniture -- 'were going to be sitting there, and I was going to get down on one knee, and...and...”
― Lauren Willig, The Masque of the Black Tulip

“Commitment is another name for relationship not the compromise.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“If someone tries to use you as a tool, you shouldn't mind it, because it is their choice and folly, not yours.”
― Jude Morgan, Indiscretion

“But sometimes this hatred broke like a wave, unexplainably collapsing under its own weight, and before it would begin to well up again, she suddenly felt nothing but pure compassion for him, a kindness and forgiveness that almost broke her heart.”
― Sana Krasikov, One More Year

“First impressions are rarely worth preserving. Men typically fall short of our expectations.”
― Renate Linnenkoper, Exogenesis

“Because conflict-avoidant Emily would never “bite” or even hiss unless Greg had done something truly horrible, on some level she processes his bite to mean that she’s terribly guilty—of something, anything, who knows what?”
― Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking

“Do you really think that I don’t have anything better to do than to spend my time thinking about you? Digging up a little of the goods on Luc Martineau?”
Fine lines appeared at the corners of his eyes and he laughed. “Sweetheart, there is nothing little about Luc’s goods.”
― Rachel Gibson, See Jane Score

“The time to read Madame Bovary is when your romantic hopes and desires have crashed, and you will believe that your future relationships will have disappointing - even devastating - consequences.”
― John Irving, In One Person

“well I believe in commitment it's just I, you know, I don't stick to it.”
― Jim Lewis

“She didn't want me; she wanted all of me. I didn't mind saying it. My girlfriend scared the crap out of me.”
― T.J. Forrester, Miracles, Inc.

“Sports bars are also a great place for guys to meet other guys--either for sex or for wrestling, whichever feels more right. ”
― Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life

“In every one of the Greeks' mythology tales, there is this: a man chasing a woman, or a woman chasing a man. There is never a meeting in the middle.”
― Jesmyn Ward, Salvage the Bones

“I had a dream about you last night... shortly after I woke up screaming in terror.”
― Amy Summers, I Had a Dream About You

“And if insight were sufficient, if the inner life were the whole of life, their happiness has been assured.”
― E M Forster

“That feeling you get when you want to tell some one you love them, and there is no one there..”
― Melody Carstairs

“Don’t ever stray from yourself, in order to be close to someone that doesn’t have the courtesy to remind you of your worth, or the integrity of a gentleman to walk you home.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Love is fickle and fleeting," Tsukiko continues. "It is rarely a solid foundation for decisions to be made upon, in any game.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus

“people will forget what you said, people will forget what you do, but people will never forget how you made them feel.”
― Jason Barger

“It was the wildness of it that got me going: the primal lust, the sheer needs of two people in heat, quickly finding ways to express their sacred hunger to each other in animal passion.”
― Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual

“The girls said she was too cynical about love, but how could you not be? On the surface, relations between men and women were all soft kisses and white gowns and hand-holding. But underneath they were a scary, complicated, ugly mess, just waiting to rise to the surface.”
― J. Courtney Sullivan, Commencement

“I have to figure out why I worked at a job I hated for years. I have to find out why I can’t see what everyone else sees in me. I don’t feel beautiful. When I look in the mirror, I never saw beautiful. For this to happen to someone like me, it’s devastating, Jonas. I don’t want you to think it’s vanity, it isn’t. I can’t see me and I need to be able to do that. I need to find out what I’m like and what I want. I have to be comfortable in my own skin before I can be in a relationship the way you want.”
― Christine Feehan, Safe Harbor

“I have always wanted to give you the world, so I started giving you pieces of the oceans that kept us apart.”
― Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading

“Real relationships - the kind that were supposed to last but never did - were more trouble than they were worth.”
― Lauren Conrad, L.A. Candy

“Fletcher was always going to be your ex-boyfriend, from the moment you met him. He's just finally caught up with where he's supposed to be.”
― Derek Landy, Death Bringer

“Broken hearts, you can run, you can hide and perhaps the earth is big enough to believe you’re safe. So maybe for a moment you have escaped but hear me, hear me well. Love will find you and it will leave nothing behind.”
― robert m drake

“The greatest adventure is to have no fear for the blaze that lies ahead.”
― robert m drake

“There is a correlation between the number of days since a man last had sex, and, the number of things that he is willing to do for a woman.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“He reached out and intertwined our hands. Gently urging me forward he whispered, “Have I lost you love?”
― Erin Jamison, Better Than 8: Fantasy

“'Better to have loved and lost,' my ass.

Anyone parroting that little platitude had obviously never lost anyone of consequence.”
― Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight

“Relationship doesn’t remain, We resonate on different flames, I could cut you down again, If you were like all other men, If you were like all other men, I know that I could shut you down again”
― Amy Winehouse

“how anxiously I yearned for those I had forsaken.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man

“We’re only instruments of love, flowing through heaps of pain hoping one day we’d hatch a passion of our own.”
― robert m drake

“The books we love offer a sketch of a whole universe that we secretly inhabit, and in which we desire the other person to assume a role.

One of the conditions of happy romantic compatibility is, if not to have read the same books, to have read at least some books in common with the other person—which means, moreover, to have non-read the same books. From the beginning of the relationship, then, it is crucial to show that we can match the expectations of our beloved by making him or her sense the proximity of our inner libraries.”
― Pierre Bayard, How to Talk About Books You Haven't Read

“Sing me a love song in a slow, southern drawl to the tune of sunny days...”
― Kellie Elmore, Magic in the Backyard

“Give people time. Give people space. Don’t beg anyone to stay. Let them roam. What’s meant for you will always be yours.”
― Reyna Biddy

“You'll need courage because polyamorous relationships can be scary. Loving other people without a script is scary. Allowing the people you love to make their own choices without controlling them is scary. The kind of courage we're talking about involves being willing to let go of guarantees - and love and trust your partners anyway.”
― Franklin Veaux, More Than Two: A Practical Guide to Ethical Polyamory

“Far from a normal-functioning relationship, but normal has never been our thing.”
― Anna Todd, After We Fell

“Some people have the coldest smiles, but have the tenderest hearts. And many have the most tender smiles, but carry the coldest hearts. You cannot judge a man by his smile, but you can judge a man by his heart. The smallest actions reveal the most about a hearts true color, so pay attention to them. Actions are the true words of the heart.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The Betty Lady explains love and splitting up: "It´s like playing the shell game with Jesus. You can´t figure anything out; it´s best not to try. You´ll just humiliate yourself.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“When it comes to sex: some men treat women as objects; some women treat objects as men.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups

“It was some time since I had gone to sleep in the same room with a girl. Of course, the room was large and reasonably well-lighted, and the girl had other things than me on her mind.”
― Ross MacDonald, The Blue Hammer

“Falling in love is a wonderfully terrifying sensation.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Relationships with narcissists are held in place by hope
of a “someday better,” with little evidence to support it will ever arrive.”
― Ramani Durvasula, Should I Stay or Should I Go?: Surviving a Relationship with a Narcissist

“This is the whole stupid thing about all these unblood relationships. They depend on people staying the same, standing in the same spot they were in over a decade ago, when they first met. Surely the reality is that connections between people aren't permanent, but fleeting and random, like a solar eclipse or clouds meeting in the sky. They exist in a constantly moving universe full of constantly moving objects.”
― Matt Haig, The Radleys

“Whatever it is that makes closeness possible between people also puts them in the way of hard feelings if that closeness ends.”
― Tobias Wolff

“Psychoanalysis is often about turning our ghosts into ancestors, even for patients who have not lost loved ones to death. We are often haunted by important relationships from the past that influence us unconsciously in the present. As we work them through, they go from haunting us to becoming simply part of our history.”
― norman doidge, The Brain that Changes Itself: Stories of Personal Triumph from the Frontiers of Brain Science

“I hold a strict policy of automatic grudges against people everyone likes.”
― Kate Hattemer, The Vigilante Poets of Selwyn Academy

“You had to live in your own bubble. You couldn't force your way into someone else's, because then it wouldn't be a bubble any more.”
― Nick Hornby, About a Boy

“It is assured that men of all ages imagine a woman naked when they first meet.”
― Tiffany Madison, Black and White

“He opened his mouth to say that she looked extremely beautiful and deserved armfuls of roses, but the words were lost in committee somewhere, shuffled aside by the parts of his head that worked full-time at avoiding ridicule.”
― Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand

“For the first time in history, middle-class women do not need men in the traditional ways - for safety, for money, for a life. So they’re demanding instead what they always wanted but couldn’t ask for: emotional connection, presence, intimacy. Sex with enough foreplay, enough seduction, enough closeness to please them. Men are baffled not only because the needs they are being asked to fill differ so from what their fathers and grandfathers understood to be their jobs but also because full-fledged intimacy requires strengths and skills they’ve never learned. Moreover… they’re strengths and skills that were once left solely to women: Men didn’t have to develop them. This maturational mismatch may be contributing to distrust among lovers of all ages.”
― Dalma Heyn, Drama Kings: The Men Who Drive Strong Women Crazy

“One minute she acts like she wants to be with me and I'm the one rejecting her. The next, she's got this barbed wire fence and barking dogs around her, like I can't even ask her the simplest questions."

"And here I was assuming you didn't care about her."

Stabbing his fingers through his hair, he groaned, "I don't!"

"And you make it perfectly clear." Men. Idiots.”
― Jennifer Armintrout, Ashes to Ashes

“Technically, on the spectrum of very bad things, they did nothing truly wicked. But of course, that spectrum has no measure for the greatest of all carnal sins, the kind that occurs before skin touches skin, before wondering turns to yearning, yearning to having, having to holding for dear life, when two people cling to each other so desperately that even when they lie, inches apart, neither is fully satisfied until the light between them turns to darkness.”
― Galt Niederhoffer, The Romantics

“To love is to soar in the wild unexpectedly.”
― robert m drake

“None of us, irrespective of our sexual preference and/or practice, imagine that we can have an intimate relationship with a partner and always have seamless harmony. Indeed, most of us assume that once the “honeymoon” period is over differences will emerge and conflicts will happen. Positively, we also assume that we will be “safe“ in those moments; that even if voices are raised and emotions expressed are intense, there will not be and should not be any abuse or any reason to be unsafe, and that the will to connect and communicate will prevail.”
― bell hooks, Teaching Critical Thinking: Practical Wisdom

“He found it both sad and fascinating that only through an artificial universe of video images could she establish contact with the real world.”
― Arthur C. Clarke, 2061: Odyssey Three

“I'm always looking for meaningful one-night stands”
― Dudley Moore

“North is a powerful man, and you're still connected to him." Flo frowned. "Probably sexual memory, those Capricorns are insatiable. Well, you know. Sea Goat. And of course, you're a Fish. You'll end up back in bed with him."

Andie slammed the car door. "You know what I'd like for Christmas, Flo? Boundaries. You can gift me early if you'd like.”
― Jennifer Crusie, Maybe This Time

“Deep down under where his heart resided, strangled up in thorny vines of guilt, anger, fear and longing, there lay something deeper in him, something that he couldn’t see but she could.”
― Carol Oates, Ember

“Married women are far more depressed than married men -- in unhappy marriages, three times more; and -- interestingly -- in happy marriages, five times more. In truth, it is men who are thriving in marriage, now as always, and who show symptoms of psychological and physical distress outside it. Not only their emotional well-being but their very lives, some studies say, depend on being married!”
― Dalma Heyn

“I could probably write a book on the complexities of our relationship, on my constantly shifting emotions, my ever-changing mind, but let's just say that nothing is ever as black and white as it seems, that love is not only blind but pathetic too. It can make us into victims and fools, reduce us to the kind of people who infuriate us on soap operas, the kind you want to scream at for allowing the creep or bitch to walk all over them.”
― J.M. Morris, Fiddleback

“So she stood naked in front of the young man and at this moment stopped playing the game.”
― Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves

“So many men treat their wives badly, or indifferently, or with barely contained impatience. Josh doesn't mind-- no that's not right--he insists on openly showing his love and respect for me.”
― Lynn Morris, Shadow of the Mountains

“We're broken in complementary ways, thus rendering our damage comprehensible to each other.”
― Ann Aguirre, Killbox

“for to have a deep attachment for a person (or a place or thing) is to have taken them as the terminating object of our instinctual responses."
Separation anxiety. International Journal of Psycho-Analysts, XLI, 1-25 (1959(”
― John Bowlby

“The conventional parabola--sentiment, the touch of the hand, the kiss, the passionate kiss, the feel of the body, the climax in the bed, then more bed, then less bed, then the boredom, the tears and the final bitterness--was to him shameful and hypocritical.”
― Ian Fleming, Casino Royale

“Mend your speech a little, Lest you may mar your fortunes.”
― William Shakespeare

“By God, I may be old-fashioned in my ideas, but women run around too much these days to suit me. They meet all kinds of crazy fish.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby

“The thing about her is, she’s good-natured. He knew it the second he saw her standing by the parking meters. He could just tell from the soft way her belly looked. With women, you keep bumping against them, because they want different things, they’re a different race. Either they give, like a plant, or scrape, like a stone. In all the green world nothing feels as good as a woman’s good nature.”
― John Updike, Rabbit, Run

“I wonder
if you ever read my poems
and wish
they were written
for you.”
― Kamand Kojouri

“Pull a thread in my story and feel the tremor half a world and two millenia away.”
― Daniel Taylor, Tell Me a Story: The Life-Shaping Power of Our Stories

“When a man I like touches my arm or my hair, I want to know if he'll touch the center of me, and whatever I learned in school--I went to school for a long time--I seem to believe that my center can be reached best with the tip of a penis....”
― Alice Mattison, Men Giving Money, Women Yelling: Intersecting Stories

“(Georgie) Why is it that you always want to run after the one that goes off in a huff, and push away the one who is clinging to you?”
― Nancy Woodruff, My Wife's Affair

“When coming to sex: First served, first come.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“We played for about half an hour before I realized we were actually playing two different games. What I’d thought of as ludo was actually a game called gin rummy, and what Warren was playing seemed to be a mixture of craps and table tennis. Once we started playing by one consistent set of rules, though, the fun was really over.”
― Graham Parke, No Hope for Gomez!

“A man must at times be hard as nails: willing to face up to the truth about himself, and about the woman he loves, refusing compromise when compromise is wrong. But he must also be tender. No weapon will breach the armor of a woman's resentment like tenderness.”
― Elizabeth Elliot, The Mark of a Man

“Men, you'll never be a good groom to your wife unless you're first a good bride to Jesus.”
― Timothy Keller

“Listen she said, everything ends, every single relationship you will ever have in your lifetime is going to end.... I'll die, you'll die, you'll get tired of each other. You don't always know how it's going to happen, but it is always going to happen. So stop trying to make everything permanent, it doesn't work. I want you to go out there and find some nice man you have no intention of spending the rest of your life with. You can be very, very happy with people you aren't going to marry.”
― Ann Patchett, This Is the Story of a Happy Marriage

“Anxiety and desire are two, often conflicting, orientations to the unknown. Both are tilted toward the future. Desire implies a willingness, or a need, to engage this unknown, while anxiety suggests a fear of it. Desire takes one out of oneself, into the possibility or relationship, but it also takes one deeper into oneself. Anxiety turns one back on oneself, but only onto the self that is already known.”
― Mark Epstein, Open to Desire: Embracing a Lust for Life - Insights from Buddhism and Psychotherapy

“There comes a time in some relationships when no matter how sincere the attempt to reconcile the differences or how strong the wish to recreate a part of the past once shared, the struggle becomes so painful that nothing else is felt and the world and all its beauty only add to the discomfort by providing cruel contrast.”
― Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other

“It is a matter of perspective, the difference between opponent and partner," Tsukiko says. "You step to the side and the same person can be either or both or something else entirely. It is difficult to know which face is true.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus

“He educated Maurice, or rather his spirit educated Maurice's spirit, for they themselves became equal. Neither thought "Am I led; am I leading?" Love had caught him out of triviality and Maurice out of bewilderment in order that two imperfect souls might touch perfection.”
― E.M. Forster, Maurice

“I didn't want to leave things the way we had, unresolved, ... and tried to tell myself he cared about me enough not to look elsewhere for what I wasn't giving him.”
― Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You

“He offered her power, money, status...
a giant prison, all in exchange
for only...her soul.”
― Jamie Weise

“Do you love me Hero?" His pale green eyes were full of torment. "Do you love me like I love you?”
― Elizabeth Hoyt, Notorious Pleasures

“تتحدث النساء لنفس الاسباب التي يتوقف الرجال بسببها عن الكلام”
― John Gray

“Ideally, of course, a relationship is best, but then how many people are capable of deep feeling? Practically none.”
― Gore Vidal, The City and the Pillar

“To the degree you experience God's love towards you - seeing you as beautiful and radiant - to that degree sex won't ruin your life.”
― Timothy Keller

“With him everything is a test, affection is measured, that given weighed against that which has been received, and the balance, more often than not, disappointing him.”
― S. J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep

“However self-sufficient we may fancy ourselves, we exist only in relation -- to our friend, family, and life partners; to those we teach and mentor; to our co-workers, neighbors, strangers; and even to forces we cannot fully conceive of, let alone define. In many ways, we are our relationships.”
― Derrick Bell, Ethical Ambition: Living a Life of Meaning and Worth

“Then, whenever I feel the sun on my face, I will think of you, " I told him. "You will always be with me, Bill. Because of all I have felt for you, and all I have learned from you.”
― Cornelia Maude Spelman, Missing: A Memoir

“The clerk is looking at me. His expression hasn't changed. What I want to do is punch a hole in the front of the desk, reach through, grab his balls, and make him sing The Mickey Mouse Club song. But these days, I'm working on the theory that killing everyone I don't like might be counterproductive. I'm learning to use my indoor voice like a big boy, so I smile back at the clerk.”
― Richard Kadrey, Kill the Dead

“You know it’s a bad sign when the theme song from Titanic describes your relationship.”
― Julia Spencer-Fleming, All Mortal Flesh

“I have to wonder if you're not being slightly naive here. I mean, are you saying that you want nothing for people? You have no motives? Everybody has motives. Name the person, the circumstances, I'll name the motive. Even saints have motives -- to feel like saints, probably. ... But still, the point of any relationship is obtaining something from another person.”
― Tom Rachman, The Imperfectionists

“Women get into a relationship hoping a man will change, and he never does; men get into a relationship hoping the woman don't change, but she always does. Men want their partners to be consistent. That they won't make impromptu impossible demands nor baffle him with classically female sudden-onset hysterical behavior.”
― Valerie Frankel, The Girlfriend Curse

“A man to whom a woman cannot look up, she cannot love. Yet, it is marvelous how a woman contrives to find something to look up to in a man.”
― Arnold Haultain, Hints for Lovers

“Women have been brought up with the false sense that they have all the options in the world. We don’t understand that the culture really isn’t offering us all of these options – there still are very strong pressures to conform. We have to step outside the culture to be able to make choices that will really give us what we want. But we lack the psychic mechanisms to do this, to really choose.”
― Dalma Heyn

“As I’ve said, it wasn’t until a long time afterwards—long after I’d left the Cottages—that I realized just how significant out little encounter in the churchyard had been. I was upset at the time, yes. But I didn’t believe it to be anything so different from other tiffs we’d had. It never occurred to me that our lives, until then so closely interwoven could unravel and separate over a thing like that.
But the fact was, I suppose, there were powerful tides tugging us apart by then, and it only needed something like that to finish the task. If we’d understood that back then—who knows?—maybe we’d have kept a tighter hold of one another.”
― Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go

“Between Countess Nordston and Levin there had been established those relations, not infrequent in society, in which two persons, while ostensibly remaining on friendly terms, are contemptuous of each other to such a degree that they cannot even treat each other seriously and cannot even insult each one another.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“As I walked inside, she turned around and headed for the end of the bed. Then she paused and turned to face me. She was wearing her Orchard Hill basketball T-shirt and sweatpants and she looked tired, but beautiful.”
― Kieran Scott, He's So Not Worth It

“She understands suddenly that the stuff that fills her up is not the love or attention she might get from other people; it is the love she herself has for other people. We are, Portia decides, the people we love”
― Jessica Anya Blau, Drinking Closer to Home

“Ah, sweetie. If the poets couldn’t unriddle them, then you certainly can’t. Be kind, and keep your ears on offer if she wants to talk. But you can’t draw out the strangeness, Edgar. It’s not a poison.”
― Allyse Near, Fairytales for Wilde Girls

“I wanted intimacy in caps lock but I got it in parentheses. We curled into each other, upside down, my empty spaces filled by another. "Give me the three minute version of your life story," he said. I nailed it it one then refused to throw the question back as etiquette governs. He wanted to know where I'd been. I wanted to know who he was.”
― Eleni Zoe, Hope Dies Last: Lessons in Love

“I review what I know once again, confronting the monolith now alien and almost unconnected to me: my marriage.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“That's the problem with relationships," George was saying. "It's a contract. You agree to be some unchanging caricature of yourself. To act the same way all the time. Never to change. It's counter-evolutionary. How can anything new and good come into your life, if you're holding on to something that doesn't exist anymore?”
― Alex Shakar, Luminarium

“When someone you love makes compassion, kindness, forgiveness, respect and God an option, you can be sure they have made you an option, as well.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“At least there's nothing scary about him and hopefully he doesn't see anything scary in me. We go way back, to summer camp. We KNOW each other. People I don't know just make me want to say YIKES! I'll take history over mystery any day of the week.”
― Douglas Coupland, Shampoo Planet

“The only person that should wear your ring is the one person that would never…

1. Ask you to remain silent and look the other way while they hurt another.
2. Jeopardize your future by taking risks that could potentially ruin your finances or reputation.
3. Teach your children that hurting others is okay because God loves them more. God didn’t ask you to keep your family together at the expense of doing evil to others.
4. Uses religious guilt to control you, while they are doing unreligious things.
5. Doesn't believe their actions have long lasting repercussions that could affect other people negatively.
6. Reminds you of your faults, but justifies their own.
7. Uses the kids to manipulate you into believing you are nothing. As if to suggest, you couldn’t leave the relationship and establish a better Christian marriage with someone that doesn’t do these things. Thus, making you believe God hates all the divorced people and will abandon you by not bringing someone better to your life, after you decide to leave. As if!
8. They humiliate you online and in their inner circle. They let their friends, family and world know your transgressions.
9. They tell you no marriage is perfect and you are not trying, yet they are the one that has stirred up more drama through their insecurities.
10. They say they are sorry, but they don’t show proof through restoring what they have done.
11. They don’t make you a better person because you are miserable. They have only made you a victim or a bitter survivor because of their need for control over you.
12. Their version of success comes at the cost of stepping on others.
13. They make your marriage a public event, in order for you to prove your love online for them.
14. They lie, but their lies are often justified.
15. You constantly have to start over and over and over with them, as if a connection could be grown and love restored through a honeymoon phase, or constant parental supervision of one another’s down falls.
16. They tell you that they don’t care about anyone other than who they love. However, their actions don’t show they love you, rather their love has become bitter insecurity disguised in statements such as, “Look what I did for us. This is how much I care.”
17. They tell you who you can interact with and who you can’t.
18. They believe the outside world is to blame for their unhappiness.
19. They brought you to a point of improvement, but no longer have your respect.
20. They don't make you feel anything, but regret. You know in your heart you settled.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“My boyfriends have all been as stoical as queen's guards. They'd been patient, committed, and dispassionate, and I'd had to really debase myself to extract any emotion, either grin or grimace, from them.”
― Koren Zailckas, Fury: A Memoir

“Small animals are a great problem. I wish God had never created small animals, or else that He had made them so they could talk, or else that He'd given them better faces. Space. Take moths. They fly at the lamp and burn themsleves, and then they fly right back again. It can't be instinct, because it isn't the way it works. They just don't understand, so they go right on doing it. Then they lie on their backs and all their legs quiver, and then they're dead. Did you get all that? Does it sound good?"
"Very good," Grandmother said.
Sophia stood up and shouted, "Say this: say I hate everything that dies slow! Say I hate everything that won't let you help! Did you write that?”
― Tove Jansson, The Summer Book

“Ladies! I encourage you NOT to be so easily flattered by what a man has. Be flattered by his strength, courage, integrity, and character as a man. Be impressed by his ability to be honest, faithful, loving, and respectful to you. Be impressed because he can communicate and openly express his feelings. Be impressed because he’s got confidence, direction, and purpose in his life. Be impressed because he’s a quality man, NOT a fine man. Real Talk!”
― Stephanie Lahart

“Real relationships are the product of time spent, which is why so many of us have so few of them.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Not every marital union is going to be a meaningful and fulfilling experience.
Most of marriages today are nothing more than poorly or well managed coexistence.”
― Tatjana Ostojic

“their respect for the mystery--the half-grasped but never spoken idea that maybe, when you got right down to the place where the cheese binds, there is no such thing as marriage, no such thing as union, that each soul stood alone and ultimately defied rationality. That was the mystery.”
― Stephen King, Pet Sematary

“Bravery is the choice to show up and listen to another person, be it a loved one or perceived foe, even when it is uncomfortable, painful, or the last thing you want to do.”
― Alaric Hutchinson

“Is disinterest not the essence of every human relationship?”
― Sándor Márai, Embers

“To share out your soul freely, that is what metanoia (a change of mind, or repentance)really refers to: a mental product of love. A change of mind, or love for the undemonstrable. And you throw off every conceptual cloak of self-defense, you give up the fleshly resistance of your ego. Repentance has nothing to do with self-regarding sorrow for legal transgressions. It is an ecstatic erotic self-emptying. A change of mind about the mode of thinking and being.”
― Christos Yannaras, Variations on the Song of Songs

“Closure
/klōZHər/ Noun

1. The thing women tell you what they want, but secretly they really want you to tell them why you don’t want them again, so they can try one last time to convince you that you were wrong.

2. The warped mentality that having someone tell you honestly why they don’t want you is going to somehow make you feel peace, so you can move on.

3. The neat packaging of finishing conversations because you have been stewing over it insecurely about the length of what a stalker does.

4. The one thing women don’t give themselves because if they didn’t care about the jerk they wouldn’t still be hanging onto another conversation that tells them what they already know: He just isn’t that interested in you.

5. The anal retentive art of perfecting every ending with meaning, rather than just excepting you went through something rather sucky and he doesn’t care.

6. The act of closing something with someone, when in reality you should slam the door.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“That cake tasted good. But the cake in the garbage tasted better. It was the best cake I ever ate.”
― Loretta Ellsworth, In a Heartbeat

“I can only do what's easy. I can only entice and be enticed. I can't, and won't, attempt difficult relations. If I marry it will either be a man who's strong enough to boss me or whom I'm strong enough to boss. So I shan't ever marry, for there aren't such men. And Heaven help any one whom I do marry, for I shall certainly run away from him before you can say 'Jack Robinson.”
― E.M. Forster, Howards End

“I arrived, I saw humans and I saw through their faces. Nothing ever changes but the light in their eyes. For I too have buried my demons today, without knowing what might remain beneath the face of tomorrow.”
― robert m drake

“Exposure to erotically inclined stimuli immediately activates parts of a male brain that are associated with sexual desire. Being attracted to other women, however, doesn’t mean men would betray the trust they are given and harm the partnership with the women they love.”
― Tatjana Ostojic

“Kate lost a mother," I said, "but I lost a nothing."
Kate doesn't feel that way," Jack assured me.
But what about everybody else besides Kate? How can I ever explain to anyone what she was when she and I had no name? People need names for everything. I wasn't a relative or a friend, I was just an object of her kindness."
He wiped my cheeks, saying Ssshh. I buried my face in his shoulder.
True kindness is stabilizing," I went on. "When you feel it and when you express it, it becomes the whole meaning of things. Like all there is to achieve. It's life, demystified. A place out of self, a network of simple pleasures, not a waltz, but like whirls within a waltz."
You're the one now," Jack said definitively. "That's why you met her. She had something she had to pass on." (p. 95)”
― Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl

“There is tremendous trauma in the betrayal caused by a perpetual liar as they repeatedly commit psychological abuse.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts

“I thought I would prefer apathy over this," I confided to her. "Why?" she asked. "Are you saying you would rather be cold than comforted? He's looking at you and offering his hand in friendship and you're rudely looking away pretending not to notice. At least with him you wouldn't be so alone." I felt my eyes turn into colorless pools as I glared at her for stating the obvious. "Being numb to someone is better than feeling something," I explained. "Safer you mean," she interrupted. I sighed and continued, "When someone who was once significant in your life comes back after an extended absence, emotions you had finally freed yourself from are reawakened, and if that's not enough to contend with, dormant memories are summoned whether you want them to be or not." "And what is it that you want?" she posed triumphantly. I swallowed my anger and thought with defeat, "Nothing anyone can give me.”
― Donna Lynn Hope

“I wept for relationships not possible due to denial and dreams locked in the back of people’s minds, all of the bits of life that lay dormant until the babblings of televisions and nursing homes sweep them away. It makes me wonder how many of the dreams we had originally have already been forgotten.”
― Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth

“You want him praising the Lord in the morning, you put a smile on his face tonight.”
― Mark Gungor, Laugh Your Way to a Better Marriage: Unlocking the Secrets to Life, Love and Marriage

“I had a dream about you. You were crying, and I couldn’t tell if it was because you were sad or because you’d been laughing too hard. So I decided to find out by telling you that I’d just heard from the cops, and your mother had been murdered. Before I got to the punch line you started sobbing in a different manner, so I realized you’d been laughing earlier. By that time the mood had changed, and I decided it best not to deliver the punch line after all. So I sat down next to you and put my arm around you and tried to console you for your perceived loss. ”
― Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You

“A girl should set her sights on a man who has money; or if not, who can expect to come into money; or if not, who has moneyed connections.”
― Jude Morgan, Indiscretion

“You're still in it. You'll always be in it. No, not literally. But in your heart. Nothing ever ends, not if it's gone that deep. You'll always be walking wounded. That's the only choice, after a while. Walking wounded, or dead. Don't you agree?”
― Julian Barnes, The Only Story

“What I want to impart through our correspondence is that no matter what anyone may be going through, here's the thing: If you love each other, and if your relationship is worth the pain or the hardship, stay with it. The extraordinary treasure of sharing another person's life is one of the most gratifying experiences of being a human being.”
― Lorri Davis, Yours for Eternity: A Love Story on Death Row

“Excessive praise arises from the same bigotry matrix as excessive criticism.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“Breaking the circle”

My eyes darken when I see my new lover. Fresh prey.
My body doesn’t really react in a sexual way.
It’s the devil inside me that celebrates next conquest.
We exchange meaningless sweet words.
His hungry gaze penetrates my breasts and ass.
Another drink and laughter.
And then another one.
Sometimes I get very drunk or high.
And then I don’t feel him between my legs.
I don’t see his sweating face.
I don’t hear his moans and questions if I came.
I can’t stay sober when I cheat on you.
I’m such a coward that I can’t even face this inner monster.
It consumes me, it takes away my dignity.
It makes me do horrible things.
It hurts you, the only one who ever loved me.
Who knows what I really am.
No. It’s not the monster. It’s me. I am the whore.
I dig my nails into your soft flesh until it bleeds.
I am the one pushing you away, feasting on your kindness.
I blame those hard punches of my past for my infidelity.
Those cruel hands. Those hateful words.
I try not to, I really do.
I try to be a better person.
But how can I if I am just nobody?
You know why I leave. Yet you stay. You’re there when I’m back.
With your sorrow and cry and resentment and wrath.
Why?
If I’m broken because of my pain what’s your excuse?
Why do you keep letting me treat you like a stray dog?
Don’t you have any respect for yourself?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
And just when I think I have my own slave for life you break the circle.
You shut the door with a grimace of relief.
You can’t look at me anymore.
See, you’re finally free!
My inner innocent girl is happy for you.
But the monster inside kicks and laughs at me.
I’m left alone.
I dress up and go hunting.”
― Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon

“(Peter) If you don't share the lows, it seems you might stop sharing the highs as well.”
― Nancy Woodruff, My Wife's Affair

“Robots are like Mars: they need
girls.
Boys won't do;
the memesoup is all wrong. They stomp
when they should kiss
and they're none too keen
on having things shoved inside them...

It's not a robot
until you put a girl inside. Sometimes
I feel like that.
A junkyard
the Company forgot to put a girl in.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Melancholy of Mechagirl

“When clouds of pain loom in the sky
When a shadow of sadness flickers by
When a tear finds its way to the eye
When fear keeps the loneliness alive
I try and console my heart
Why is it that you cry? I ask

This is only what life imparts
These deep silences within
Have been handed out to all by time
Everyone’s story has a little sorrow
Everyone’s share has a little sunshine

No need for water in your eyes
Every moment can be a new life
Why do you let them pass you by?
Oh heart, why is it that you cry?”
― Javed Akhtar

“Men are not dogs. We merely think we are and, on occasion, act as if we are. But, by believing in our nobler nature, women have the amazing power to inspire us to live up to it.”
― Neil Strauss, The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists

“My God, these folks don't know how to love -- that's why they love so easily.”
― D.H. Lawrence

“Women rescue men just as much as, if not more than, men rescue women.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“If you expect honesty, be honest. If you expect forgiveness, forgive. If you expect a whole person, you have to be a whole person.”
― Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships

“It hurts to let go. Sometimes it seems the harder you try to hold on to something or someone the more it wants to get away. You feel like some kind of criminal for having felt, for having wanted. For having wanted to be wanted.”
― Henry Rollins

“people have character strength but they lack communication skills, and that undoubtedly affects the quality of relationships as well.”
― Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change

“Perhaps the depth of love can be calibrated by the number of different selves that are actively involved in a given relationship.”
― Carl Sagan, Contact

“What? Did we end up hating each other? Did we end up the way we thought we always knew would? Did I end up wearing khakis because of that fucking ad?”
― Bret Easton Ellis, Glamorama

“Our moments are music, and sometimes – just sometimes – we can catch them and put them into some lasting form. If we didn’t have music, I don’t think we could ever be truly happy, and if we didn’t have special moments, we would never find music.”
― David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories

“First she would try to kill him, but failing this give him food and her body, breast-feed him back to a state of childishness and even, perhaps, feel affection for him. Then, the moment he was asleep, cut his throat. The synopsis of the ideal marriage.”
― J.G. Ballard, High-Rise

“These guys may not talk too much about relationships, but they sure do blush at telling moments, don’t they? Maybe that’s the key to understanding the opposite sex; I could invent a science, call it blushology.”
― Jody Gehrman, Babe in Boyland

“If you stay in the company of anger, pain, or hurt, happiness will find someone else to visit. Make the choice to view all of your past relationships as a gift. Throw out what hasn’t worked in the past and incorporate new concepts. Focus on being happy﻿.”
― Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships

“Because that’s what unfaithfulness is, isn’t it? A cancer that’s always there in the back of your mind, eating away at the foundations of the relationship. It’s happened once, it could happen again, so you’re always looking for telltale signs or symptoms to show that it’s reappeared...”
― Matt Dunn, The Ex-Boyfriend's Handbook

“We spend so much time on the whole world instead of on those who really need us, in a world where rumours are a trend and truth is an afterthought.”
― Pandora Poikilos, Excuse Me, My Brains Have Stepped Out

“I know my vision is impaired and cannot be trusted with even the simplest tasks, much less dating. Not that I´ve come within talon distance of a man.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“It all comes down to that one person you always think about before you fall asleep at night. And text "Good Morning" as soon as you wake up.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett

“The women we really love are the women who complete us, who have the qualities we can borrow and so become something nearer to whole men. Just as we complete them, of course; it’s not a one-way thing. Leola and I, when romance was stripped away, were too much alike; our strengths and weaknesses were too nearly the same. Together we would have doubled our gains and our losses, but that isn’t what love is.”
― Robertson Davies

“He is not the same person as when we
met, but . . . neither am I. Time has refined us, but instead of pushing us apart, we’re closer than ever.”
― Ann Aguirre, Aftermath

“Never give a lousy person the opportunity to create lousy babies.”
― Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed

“Regardless of whether a relationship brings us joy or sorrow, each relationship gives us the opportunity to grow stronger, nobler, and more compassionate with ourselves and others.”
― Tamela Rich

“Nurturing, Providing, and loving you passionately. May that be, my number of responsibilities. As one to the end, forever more. That's how long I desire, our love to last for. Providing for you many and joyful memories. In hours of darkness, as well as brightness. I plan to supply for you. For your love for me and happiness, is all that matters to me.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable

“An apple tree is just like a person. In order to thrive, it needs companionship that's similar to it in some ways, but quite different than others.”
― Jeffrey Stepakoff, The Orchard

“Love is more about being the right person than finding the right person.”
― Barbara Bartlein, Why Did I Marry You Anyway?: Overcoming the Myths That Hinder a Happy Marriage

“When I am lonely for boys what I miss is their bodies. The smell of their skin, its saltiness. The rough whisper of stubble against my cheek. The strong firm hands, the way they rest on the curve of my back.”
― A.M. Harte, Hungry For You

“I´ve blown it, the whole grisly charade.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“You can never recover from losing a person you love, but you can find a way to let it be part of your life rather than letting it take over every part of you”
― Darien Gee, Friendship Bread

“Her grey, sun-strained eyes stared straight ahead, but she had deliberately shifted our relations, and for a moment I thought I loved her. But I am slow-thinking and full of interior rules that act as brakes on my desires, and I knew that first I had to get myself definitely out of that tangle back home.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby

“Your relationships will take you beyond the boundaries of your normal strength. Encouragement gives struggling people eyes to see the unseen Christ.”
― Timothy S. Lane, Relationships: A Mess Worth Making

“I help others because I can, not because I expect something in return.”
― Amy Manemann, Deadly Reunion

“The thing that binds us together is that we have both lowered our expectations of life”
― Orhan Pamuk, Snow

“About halfway through I broke down crying, which I hadn't expected. I was a little ashamed, but only a little;it was her, you see, and she never taxed me with the times that I slipped from the way I thought a man should be...the way I thought I should be, at any rate. A man with a good wife is the luckiest of God's creatures, and one without must be among the most miserable, I think, the only true blessing of their lives that they don't know how poorly off they are.”
― Stephen King, The Green Mile

“Relationships are never static. They have to evolve over time as the individuals in them change.”
― Sherryl Woods, Driftwood Cottage

“Christopher McCandless:"I will miss you too, but you are wrong if you think that the joy of life comes principally from the joy of human relationships. God's place is all around us, it is in everything and in anything we can experience. People just need to change the way they look at things.”
― Shunryu Suzuki

“When women are secret they are secret indeed; and more often then not they only begin to be secret with the advent of a second lover.”
― Thomas Hardy, A Pair of Blue Eyes

“Walk together. Feel the heart beats. Experience the presence. This is how to be thankful.”
― Amit Ray

“Emancipation of women has made them lose their mystery.”
― Grace Kelly

“When a man cheats, it is said it is because he is a dog. When a woman cheats, it is said it is because her man is a dog.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana, Divided & Conquered

“No relationship is without its difficulties and this is certainly true when one or both of the persons involved has an autistic spectrum disorder. Even so, I believe what is truly essential to the success of any relationship is not so much compatibility, but love. When you love someone, virtually anything is possible.”
― Daniel Tammet, Born on a Blue Day: Inside the Extraordinary Mind of an Autistic Savant

“Some women do not masturbate for pleasure; they masturbate to make a political statement: to remind us that women do not really need men (or at least not as much and as frequently as every single male chauvinist and every single misogynist believes).”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana, On Masturbation: A Satirical Essay

“How much do you love me?"
She drew in a breath and let it out. "Too much."
"Too much is just enough for this man."
"And do you love me?" she whispered.
"I have always loved you. Always. You know that.”
― Delilah Marvelle, Once Upon a Scandal

“Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“It's early days. A few skeletons are bound to keep jumping out of the closet.”
― Alan Moore, Watchmen

“He did not want an affair with his boss. He did not even want a one-night stand. Because what always happened was that people found out, gossip at the water cooler, meaningful looks in the hallway. And sooner or later the spouses found out. It always happened. Slammed doors, divorce lawyers, child custody.”
― Michael Crichton, Disclosure

“Quand on parle des vices d’un homme, si on vous dit : “Tout le monde le dit” ne le croyez pas ; si l’on parle de ses vertus en vous disant encore : “Tout le monde le dit”, croyez-le.”
― Chateaubriand

“All positive interactions with other human beings involve, to some degree, the experience of visibility-- that is, the experience of being seen and understood.”
― Nathaniel Branden

“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Be careful… not all are what they seem. Some people pretend to be the beach, but they’re actually quicksand.”
― Steve Maraboli

“The desire for connection with the Divine and our formless inner self is at the foundation of all desire for human connection.”
― Donna Goddard

“I shall never cease to marvel at the way we beg for love and tyranny.”
― Francine du Plessix Gray, Lovers and Tyrants

“When she had failed once or twice to respond to some conversational gambit or other, Bond also relapsed into silence and occupied himself with his own gloomy thoughts.”
― Ian Fleming, Casino Royale

“But my best friend from college was silent for a long time. She, of all of my friends, had seen the parade of sad wrecks through my life, date after bad date after bad boyfriend. She was the one who'd picked up the pieces after the musician, the investment banker, the humanitarian who was human to everyone but me.

When at last she spoke, she said, Oh, hell.

And, after that: Hallelujah.”
― Lauren Groff, Delicate Edible Birds and Other Stories

“I was living and dying in all the fibers of what is chewed and digested and in all the fibers that absorb the sun, consuming and digesting. Under the thatched arbor of a restaurant on a river-bank, where Olivia had waited for me, our teeth began to move slowly, with equal rhythm, and our eyes stared into each other's with the intensity of serpents'—serpents concentrated in the ecstasy of swallowing each other in turn, as we were aware, in our turn, of being swallowed by the serpent that digests us all, assimilated ceaselessly in the process of ingestion and digestion, in the universal cannibalism that leaves its imprint on every amorous relationship and erases the lines between our bodies and sopa de frijoles, huachinango a la vera cru-zana, and enchiladas.”
― Italo Calvino, Under the Jaguar Sun

“The blame of course belonged to Clyde, who just was not much given to talk. Also, he seemed very little curious himself: Grady, alarmed sometimes by the meagerness of his inquiries and the indifference this might suggest, supplied him liberally with personal information; which isn't to say she always told the truth, how many people in love do? or can? but at least she permitted him enough truth to account more or less accurately for all the life she had lived away from him. It was her feeling, however, that he would as soon not hear her confessions: he seemed to want her to be as elusive, as secretive as he was himself.”
― Truman Capote, Summer Crossing

“I found, increasingly, that I did not particularly care and I tried to fake a little kindness, a little sweetness, tried to mirror Luna back at herself, but that exhausted me after a week and I concluded that I was not meant for this sort of thing, friends, friendliness, no, I wasn't meant for it.”
― Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing

“His love for me seemed to overflow my limits by its flood of wealth and service. But my necessity was more for giving than foe receiving; for love is a vagabond, who can make his flowers bloom in the wayside dust, better than in the crystal jars kept in the drawing-room.”
― Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World

“There is no guilt in feelings ever.”
― Erich Maria Remarque, Arch of Triumph: A Novel of a Man Without a Country

“I was lucky to meet you, yes.'

'Me too . . .' she said, looking me in the eyes. 'I was lucky too. The men I know are a disaster, not one of them believes in love; so they give you this big spiel about friendship, affection, a whole load of stuff that doesn't commit them to anything. I've got to the point where I can't stand the word 'friendship' any more, it makes me physically sick. Or there's the other lot, the ones who get married, who get hitched as early as possible and think about nothing but their careers afterwards. You obviously weren't one of those; but I also immediately sensed that you would never talk to me about friendship, that you would never be that vulgar. From the very beginning I hoped we would sleep together, that something important would happen; but it was possible that nothing would happen, in fact it was more than likely.' She stopped and sighed in irritation.”
― Michel Houellebecq, Platform

“There's always something in it for the person who is allowing to be taken advantage of." Psychotherapist David in Type 1 Sociopath”
― P.A. Speers, Type 1 Sociopath - When Difficult People Are More Than Just Difficult People

“There is no one so cruel as those closest to you.”
― Andrew Davenport

“The moment you put someone on a pedestal they will look down upon you. The trick is respecting each other equally.”
― Teresa Mummert

“SELFLESS LOVE.
If you have a special person in your life, but you find yourselves arguing, irritated and/or fighting out of the blue… you both need to try to step back and be selfless and think of the other person... with no ego of your own. No ego. We are ALL dealing with our own tough issues. We may keep them to ourselves, but we all have struggles. If you BOTH allow yourselves to step into each others shoes- to have the awareness and respect for each others issues and struggles... that will most likely allow the love that you have for each other to shine through at its brightest.

There will be ups and downs- feelings of being under-appreciated for both. It will happen. But let that be the worst that happens. Unity through diversity. That's the greatest love. A selfless love. It’s paradoxical, but you each would get back more than you give out. That's the love that conquers all things that’s mentioned in the Bible. It will be challenging for both of you, but well worth it.”
― José N. Harris

“We imagined we knew everything the other thought, even when we did not necessarily want to know it, but in fact, I have come to see, we knew not the smallest fraction of what there was to know.”
― Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking

“Anyway, you can't leave her like that. You can't do that to the woman. She doesn't deserve it; nobody does. You don't belong to her and she doesn't belong to you, but you're both part of each other; if she got up and left now and walked away and you never saw each other again for the rest of your lives, and you lived an ordinary waking life for another fifty years, even so on your deathbed you would still know she was part of you.”
― Iain Banks

“When we are passionately in love with our Prince, we put Him above all else--not just in theory, but also practically, in every moment of our day-to-day lives. We do not live for the applause of heaven. Our longings are not for people's approval but only for more and more of Him. We are marked by an effortless, unshakable strength that is found in the presence of our perfect Lover.”
― Leslie Ludy, Authentic Beauty: The Shaping of a Set-Apart Young Woman

“Public truth telling is a form of recovery, especially when combined with social action. Sharing traumatic experiences with others enables victims to reconstruct repressed memory, mourn loss, and master helplessness, which is trauma's essential insult. And, by facilitating reconnection to ordinary life, the public testimony helps survivors restore basic trust in a just world and overcome feelings of isolation. But the talking cure is predicated on the existence of a community willing to bear witness. 'Recovery can take place only within the context of relationships,' write Judith Herman. 'It cannot occur in isolation.”
― Lawrence N. Powell, Troubled Memory: Anne Levy, the Holocaust, and David Duke's Louisiana

“I am getting nowhere with you and I can't let you go and I cant get through.”
― Ani DiFranco

“Security comes first from inside of you. Then, if you are very lucky, you will be in a position to find other people who also possess that same sort of security, and build some sort of family or community as a team.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“If you listen closely, silence can be deafening.”
― Truth Devour, Wantin

“Where does love go? When something you have taped on the wall falls off, what has happened to the stickum? It has relaxed. It has accumulated an assortment of hairs and fuzzies. It has said "Fuck it" and given up. It doesn't go anywhere special, it's just gone. Energy is created, and then it is destroyed. So much for the laws of physics. So much for chemistry. So much for not so much.”
― Lorrie Moore

“I'm not saying that I think one man is better than the other. I'm not saying that either is kinder or wiser or more ambitious, more thoughtful, confident, or able. But the fact is that when I'm with the one, comfort settles into my bones. I feel calm around him, as if the sun is smiling down on me and the world has suddenly become a sweet, safe place to be. I feel good about life―about myself. And it's hard not to want to be near someone who, just by their very nature, makes you feel that way.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“Sex can lead to nasty things like herpes, gonorrhea, and something called relationships.”
― Sacha Baron Cohen

“I hate everything about her except for the fact that I love everything about her.”
― Charles Yu, Sorry Please Thank You

“If you really love someone. You wouldn't hide them. You would be proud to let the whole world know that you have feelings for that special someone. If I got asked who do I love. I would straight up say the name. Just imagine how special that person would feel to know that you aren't afraid or embarrassed to let everyone know that person means a lot to you. However, sometimes its understandable especially when you have your friends or family against it. Which to me shouldn't matter because it's your life and we only live once. Even if it doesn't work out, we grow from our own experiences, right?”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett

“Delusions are hardly an escape from reality. It’s a way of understanding insane people living in a backwards world.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Well, clearly someone you trust isn’t really someone you should be trusting,” she said without thinking, and regretted it when Terrible glanced at her. He did it fast, just a quick cut of his eyes in her direction and then away again, but she saw it. She felt it. It was starting already. She wished she could say she was surprised, wished she hadn’t been waiting for it, expecting it the way she expected rain from black clouds overhead. Nothing in the world was permanent, especially not happiness. She’d always known that. She just wished life would stop proving her right.”
― Stacia Kane, Sacrificial Magic

“Jack hadn’t thought of love as a promise before—a promise that, even when the world was falling down around him, would stay kept. But without Sutton saying a word, he knew that there would be comfort when he couldn’t sleep tonight. And tomorrow and the day after, there would be a home to go to, even if it was no more than a pair of arms around him and a head tucked close to his in the darkness.”
― Tamara Allen, Whistling in the Dark

“We are responsible for our own relationships, their successes, their failures, the good times, the bad times. Take responsibility for creating the relationships that you desire.”
― Sam Owen

“My guess is that he remembers some of me, some of us together, and the rest rolled off him like topsoil in a flash flood.”
― Elizabeth Kostova, The Swan Thieves

“Straight between them ran the pathway,
Never grew the grass upon it”
― Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Song of Hiawatha

“My mother had always taught me to write about my feelings instead of sharing really personal things with others, so I spent many evenings writing in my diary, eating everything in the kitchen and waiting for Mr. Wrong to call.”
― Cathy Guisewite

“I don't know," she said. "We used to squabble a lot when we were going together and then engaged and everything, but I thought everything would be so different as soon as you were married. And now I feel so sort of strange and everything. I feel so sort of alone.”
― Dorothy Parker, Here We Are

“I think we’re romantic people in some ways, but when it comes to relationships it’s not a question of ‘Can you trust another human being?’, so much as a question of trusting yourself. The animalistic nature of man seems to mean that you’re bound to find another people physically attractive. And there’s something dishonest about shutting those feelings off - it seems puritanical to deny yourself that. The idea of sin is still so widely pervading.”
― Richey Edwards

“Pubic hair is proof of sexual maturity and if your partner finds that a turn-off, you should probably reconsider that partner.”
― Hadley Freeman, Be Awesome: Modern Life for Modern Ladies

“I had a dream about you. In my dream I stole all your money, kidnapped your parents, and mailed you mannequin parts spray-painted red in a series of packages that also included ransom notes. Then, towards the end of the dream, the cops surrounded my cave and swarmed in to arrest me. Sweating, my eyes shot open, and I realized it was a dream. “Of course it’s a dream,” I thought. “The cops have no idea where my cave is, and your first package has yet to be delivered.” ”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, I Had a Dream About You

“I had a day when I was busy in the world, where the activity created a turmoil on the surface of my consciousness like waves on the surface of the ocean, which made it difficult to see through the waves to the inner silence.
It reminded me that we need to develop both the capacity to use the mind when engaged in activity and social relations, and to be able to let go of the activity and to come in contact with the deep inner silence.
The relationship between being active in the world and in social relations and the inner silence is like the relationship between the waves on the surface of the ocean and the deep inner silence on the bottom of the ocean.”
― Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being

“How do people know they are sane? Can a person be gripped by lunacy, only to be released a short time later, never to relive the episode again?”
― Dee Remy, There Once Was A Boy

“Or maybe I, like, cuddle raped him or something.”
― Lauren Barnholdt, Two-Way Street

“The greatest testament of a life lived is to be missed when you are gone. It is not something you can plan for or buy ahead of time. It is a sentiment that comes freely from the lives you touch in positive ways.”
― Brian MacLearn

“...човек невинаги може да възстанови личните си граници, след като е допуснал да бъдат размити и прекрачени от друго човешко същество в процеса на романтична връзка: колкото и да се опитваме не можем да възвърнем онази автономност на личността, която сме си въобразявали че притежаваме”
― Mohsin Hamid, The Reluctant Fundamentalist

“we all make vows, Jimmy. And there is something very beautiful and touching and noble about wanting good impulses to be permanent and true forever," she said. "Most of us stand up and vow to love, honor and cherish someone. And we truly mean it, at the time. But two or twelve or twenty years down the road, the lawyers are negotiating the property settlement."
"You and George didn't go back on your promises."
She laughed. "Lemme tell ya something, sweetface. I have been married at least four times, to four different men." She watched him chew that over for a moment before continuing, "They've all been named George Edwards but, believe me, the man who is waiting for me down the hall is a whole lot different animal from the boy I married, back before there was dirt. Oh, there are continuities. He has always been fun and he has never been able to budget his time properly and - well, the rest is none of your business."
"But people change," he said quietly.
"Precisely. People change. Cultures change. Empires rise and fall. Shit. Geology changes! Every ten years or so, George and I have faced the fact that we have changed and we've had to decide if it makes sense to create a new marriage between these two new people." She flopped back against her chair. "Which is why vows are such a tricky business. Because nothing stays the same forever. Okay. Okay! I'm figuring something out now." She sat up straight, eyes focused somewhere outside the room, and Jimmy realized that even Anne didn't have all the answers and that was either the most comforting thing he'd learned in a long time or the most discouraging. "Maybe because so few of us would be able to give up something so fundamental for something so abstract, we protect ourselves from the nobility of a priest's vows by jeering at him when he can't live up to them, always and forever." She shivered and slumped suddenly, "But, Jimmy! What unnatural words. Always and forever! Those aren't human words, Jim. Not even stones are always and forever.”
― Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow

“I feel incendiary, a wildfire. My spirit licks at the gates of a very elaborate, customized, and distracting emotional Hades.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“When I speak of life and love as expanding with age, sex seems the least important thing. At any age we grow by the enlarging of consciousness, by learning a new language, or a new art or craft (gardening?) that implies a new way of looking at the universe. Love is one of the great enlargers of the person because it requires us to "take in" the stranger and to understand him, and to exercise restraint and tolerance as well as imagination to make the relationship work.”
― May Sarton, Journal of a Solitude

“I´m just not sending out the right vibe lately. Perhaps the fact that I wear stained sweatpants and free T-shirts is holding me back. I just can´t seem to get back into the intelligent-slut-for-hire outfits that lure men; even shoes with laces evade me. Plus my hair is Fran Lebowitz-esque. I think my eyes are getting closer together. I don´t know.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“Finally he turned his head toward her face and brushed a kiss over her cheek. “I love you and I believe with all my heart that you love me as well. Why can’t you say it, Hero?”
― Elizabeth Hoyt, Notorious Pleasures

“Playing roles in any relationship is false and will inevitably lead to the relationship's collapse. Noone can be any one thing all the time.”
― Portia de Rossi, Unbearable Lightness: A Story of Loss and Gain

“You get what you give," we will tell his sorry, selfish ass." The Betty Lady has spoken. I detect a Bronx accent.
"But," I demur, "it will make the other woman say, ´See? She IS a jealous and paranoid and pushy wife.´"
The Betty Lady rips open a cell phone statement with a nail file and, without looking up at me, says, "Let me tell you something, honey. In my experience? The only thing they care about is what they see in the mirror each morning and WINNING...or their perception of winning.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“The teaching of the sexual tantras all come down to one point. Although desire, of whatever shape or form, seeks completion, there is another kind of union than the one we imagine. In this union, achieved when the egocentric model of dualistic thinking is no longer dominant, we are not united with it, nor am I united with you, but we all just are. The movement from object to subject, as described in both Eastern meditation and modern psychotherapy, is training for this union, but its perception usually comes as a surprise, even when this shift is well under way. It is a kind of grace. The emphasis on sexual relations in the tantric teachings make it clear that the ecstatic surprise of orgasm is the best approximation of this grace.”
― Mark Epstein, Open to Desire: Embracing a Lust for Life - Insights from Buddhism and Psychotherapy

“I could hardly get a boy to look at me. All right, they'd look, they'd even take me out, but no one asked for a second date. I was too nasty, a real wise guy, and all the boys could tell what my rotten disposition was. Deep down, I wanted a commitment with a capital C. To get anywhere with me, a boy would have to sign his undying loyalty with his own blood.”
― Alice Hoffman, Local Girls

“Without such trust and safety, social relationships tend to become strategic rather than cooperative, increasingly full of skepticism and even anxiety and fear about others' intentions. (p. 27)”
― Donald Rothberg, The Engaged Spiritual Life: A Buddhist Approach to Transforming Ourselves and the World

“There's a cover for every pot, but I've never seen so many mismatched pots and covers in all my life. - Ellen Wasserfeldman, from Notes from Ellen Wasserfeldman by Alisa Dana Steinberg”
― Alisa Dana Steinberg, Notes from Ellen Wasserfeldman (Preview Plus Bonus Material)

“Darling, whose book is this to be?"

"Ostensibly yours, my sweet"

"I see -- rather like my life since I met you?"

"Yes darling”
― John Wyndham, The Kraken Wakes

“Sand castles just aren't made to last.”
― Alice Yi-Li Yeh, Someday

“Oh, you want me to lie still while you check me out? Damn, Red, if I'd have known that earlier I would've been horizontal already.”
― M.A. Stacie, Unwritten Rules

“You have to shrink yourself to fit into this little life with him.”
― melissa banks

“This was one of those moments when I realized that my emotional baggage, once a few neatly packed pieces, was now like the Joads' truck, stacked high with old clothes, half a rocking chair, a mule, all barely secured with twine.”
― Amy Cohen, The Late Bloomer's Revolution: A Memoir

“When I was your age, if a boy behaved badly, one simply scored his name out from one's dance card.
(Sadie Lancaster - to Lara Lington)”
― Sophie Kinsella, Twenties Girl

“In this quiet place on a quiet street
where no one ever finds us
gently, lovingly, freedom gives back our pain.
--from poem In a Quiet Place on a Quiet Street”
― Author-Poet Aberjhani, I Made My Boy Out of Poetry

“I have never understood why a woman must have a man to take her into dinner.”
― Jude Morgan, Indiscretion

“To be honest, going out with Ed after Josh is like moving on to Duchy Originals super-tasty seeded loaf after plastic white bread. (I don't mean to be rude about Josh. And I didn't realize it at the time. But it is. He is. Plastic white bread.)”
― Sophie Kinsella, Twenties Girl

“To know other people thought he'd made a mistake vindicated me. I wasn't a bad girlfriend, he was simply going through a period of temporary insanity and he'd come to his senses soon.”
― Dorothy Koomson, Marshmallows for Breakfast

“The kiss intimately relates to the most primitive kind of human contact, which can satisfy all of our needs, like: feeding, enjoying pleasure, tasting, wanting, rejecting, everything we associate with love.”
― Mabel Iam

“For better or for worse, but not for lunch,...”
― Abigail Thomas, A Three Dog Life

“People frequently point to communication as a problem, because its easy to notice, but usually it is a symptom of an underlying problem with a relationship posture.”
― Roberta Gilbert, Extraordinary Relationships

“A human being basically could not live alone. I had always thought of one’s soul as an imperfect creature; God had created it that way to allow the need to exist –the need to have relationships with other people in order to always run after the one obsession that had humanity seeking it on regular basis –perfection. Whether that relationship was between family members, friends, co-workers or even a romantic relationship, it was always people’s way to achieve flawlessness since they couldn’t accomplish it on their own.”
― Mariam Maarouf, Rosie

“We tried to act familiar, which meant we couldn't ask the kind of questions that might have helped us figure each other out and year after year the distance grew.”
― Heidi Jon Schmidt, The Best American Nonrequired Reading 2002

“And deep down, she felt like maybe she didn't deserve it-that she belonged with the petty thieves and guys who drank Pabst Blue Ribbon for breakfast”
― Jennifer Mcmahon

“Guilt is a feeble emotion. It surrenders too easily”
― Deborah McKinlay, The View from Here

“Two birds went for dating. The male bird was killed and the female bird is being murdered.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“أن التقارب دائمًا صعب عندما تكون المسافة قد توسعت عبر السنين ، وأجيانًا يستحيل التغلب عليها”
― Nicholas Sparks, Three Weeks With My Brother

“Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“The most empowering relationships are those in which each partner lifts the other to a higher possession of their own being.”
― Pierre Teilhard de Chardin

“Your blessings are very important to melt down the stony hearts.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Women Empowerment Reminder of The Day. Always respect yourself as a woman. You attract what you are, so be very mindful of how you’re representing yourself. If you want respect, you must first learn how to respect yourself, first. Attracting negative attention is never a good thing. Be a woman of substance! Be a woman that both women and men respect, admire, and look up to. Don’t disrespect yourself by lowering your standards and accepting just anything that comes your way. It’s okay to be single! If you want a relationship of substance, you can’t keep entertaining people and things that mean you no good. Think about it! It’s all up to you.”
― Stephanie Lahart

“What was happening to them was that every bad time produced a bad feeling that in turn produced several more bad times and several more bad feelings, so that their life together became crowded with bad times and bad feelings, so crowded that almost nothing else could grow in that dark field. But then she had a feeling of peace one morning that lingered from the evening before spent sewing while he sat reading in the next room. And a day or two later, she had a feeling of contentment that lingered in the morning from the evening before when he kept her company in the kitchen while she washed the dinner dishes. If the good times increased, she thought, each good time might produce a good feeling that would in turn produce several more good times that would produce several more good feelings. What she meant was that the good times might multiply perhaps as rapidly as the square of the square, or perhaps more rapidly, like mice, or like mushrooms springing up overnight from the scattered spore of a parent mushroom which in turn had sprung up overnight with a crowd of others from the scattered spore of a parent, until her life with him with be so crowded with good times that the good times might crowd out the bad as the bad times had by now almost crowded out the good. ”
― Lydia Davis, Varieties of Disturbance

“Be real and be unashamed, even of your faults. I do truly know what my husband is made of and vice versa. ”
― Amy Bloom

“..begin by talking about the kind of existentialist chaos that exists in our own lives and our inability to overcome the sense of alienation and frustration we experience when we try to create bonds of intimacy and solidarity with one another. Now part of this frustration is to be understood again in relation to structures and institutions. In the way in which our culture of consumption has promoted an addiction to stimulation - one that puts a premium on packaged and commodified stimulation. The market does this to convince us that our consumption keeps oiling the economy for it to reproduce itself. But the effect of this addiction to stimulation is an undermining, a waning of our ability for qualitatively rich relationships.”
― Cornel West, Breaking Bread: Insurgent Black Intellectual Life

“You can't compare men or women with mental disorders to the normal expectations of men and women in without mental orders. Your dealing with symptoms and until you understand that you will always try to find sane explanations among insane behaviors. You will always have unreachable standards and disappointments. If you want to survive in a marriage to someone that has a disorder you have to judge their actions from a place of realistic expectations in regards to that person's upbringing and diagnosis.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“The fact is unalterable, that a fellow-mortal with whose nature you are acquainted solely through the brief entrances and exits of a few imaginative weeks called courtship, may, when seen in the continuity of married companionship, be disclosed as something better or worse than what you have preconceived, but will certainly not appear altogether the same.”
― George Eliot, Middlemarch

“Behind every 'I love you', there is an invisible 'until'.”
― Tatjana Ostojic

“...It's just nice to see you out from his shadow. Because things don't grow in the shadows, you know? So it was frustrating to see you standing there...and really cool to see you step out of it. I don't know who this new guy is, but make sure when you're with him, you're not standing in his shadow. Stand where everyone can see you.”
― David Levithan, Another Day

“Relationships that are merely based on practicality or utility will ultimately make us feel lonely.”
― Tatjana Ostojic

“It was masturbation, not willpower, that made it possible for gazillions of women to walk down the aisle with their reputation and their hymen still intact.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana, On Masturbation: A Satirical Essay

“There was a warmth of fury in his last phrases. He meant she loved him more than he her. Perhaps he could not love her. Perhaps she had not in herself that which he wanted. It was the deepest motive of her soul, this self-mistrust. It was so deep she dared neither realise nor acknowledge. Perhaps she was deficient. Like an infinitely subtle shame, it kept her always back. If it were so, she would do without him. She would never let herself want him. She would merely see.”
― D. H. Lawrence, Sons and Lovers / Lady Chatterley's Lover

“Some women have been faking orgasms for so long that they sometimes fake one when they are masturbating.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana, On Masturbation: A Satirical Essay

“It had all seemed as inevitable as sunset. Instead it was the beauty of the sun glinting upon the scythe.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“He should in humility have asked her why it was that he was naturally a cuckold, why two women of different temperaments and characters had been inspired to have lovers at his expense. He should be telling her, with the warmth of her body warming his, that his second wife had confessed to greater sexual pleasure when she remembered that she was deceiving him.”
― William Trevor

“عشقه که آدما ابله میکنه یا فقط ادمای احمق عاشق میشن؟”
― Orhan Pamuk, My Name Is Red

“That fist he was raising at me would wham into the cupboard door, hurting only himself. I saw it all happening, then it really did happen. But I didn't understand the whore thing. Why was he confusing the drinking with the other? Then I got it. Obvious. It was all mixed up for him, all the same thing: the drinking, the other, anything that could make a woman free.”
― David Gates

“(Her husband's departure ...) had picked Mildred up by the hair and dropped her down at the doorstep of insanity.
From "Butterfly on F street”
― Edward P. Jones

“A while back, when Dick and Barry and I agreed that what really matters is what you like, not what you are like, Barry proposed the idea of a questionnaire for prospective partners.”
― Nick Hornby, High Fidelity

“I look forward to the day that I can feel nothing but indifference for you. Just like you were able to do from the moment that you walked away.”
― Liz Newman

“And she realized everything one does is just another effort to be understood by someone a little bit more.”
― Vatsal Surti, 20

“I went back to my room and spent all night contemplating whether it was possible in life not to be constantly let down. If it could ever be worth pinning your happiness to another person, when all other people ever seemed to do was disappear.”
― Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy

“I wanted, for so long, for someone to understand me better than I understood myself, to take control of me, to save me, to make it all better. I thought that the hardest part of a loving, mutually healing relationship would be showing my vulnerable, raw spots to a person, even though I'd been hurt so many times before. This has not been the hardest part. The actual hardest part has been realizing that no one, no matter how compassionate and kind they are, will say the perfect things always. Myself included. The hardest part has been learning to communicate what I need, to hear what others need, to tell others how to tell me what they need. Intimacy takes a lot of communication. We all have triggers. I don't know your triggers and you don't know mine. No matter how much I love or trust you, you cannot possibly know exactly the words I need to hear, the words I don't want to hear, and the way I like to be touched. And how strange that we expect these things of each other. How strange, and self-sabotaging, that we refuse to get into relationships and friendships with people unless they treat us in just that perfect way. We've been raised to want fairy tales. We've been raised to wait for flawless saviors to rescue us. But the savior isn't flawless and the savior is not coming. The savior is you. The savior is still learning. The savior is never done learning. The savior is a human being. Forget perfect. Forget flawless. And start speaking your truth. Start speaking what you want and how you want it. And start asking and listening, really listening, to what the people around you say. Maybe, then, we will stop abandoning and hurting each other. Maybe, then, there's hope for us.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“Your ability to make me feel like I was less than I was, took awhile to recover from. But after ripping my own self worth to shreds for so long, I realized that I wasn't less just because I was more than your inexperienced hands could handle.”
― Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths

“When we don’t tell those we love about what’s really going on or listen carefully to what they have to say, we tend to fill in the blanks with stories.”
― Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection

“The truth is, that one doesn't really know anything about anybody. Not even the people who are nearest to you...'
'Isn't that going a little too far--exaggerating too much?'
'I don't think it is. When you think of people, it is in the image you have made of them for yourself.”
― Agatha Christie, A Caribbean Mystery

“You shine like love
You shine like hate
until I can’t remember the difference”
― McKenzie Richardson, 433 Lighted Way

“Love is as much a question of the will as it is of the emotion. And if you will to love somebody, you can. - Ravi Zacharias' brother”
― Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love

“True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“It seemed funny that one day I would go to bed in her arms and the next not feel anything, like a switch had gone off. But no, that wasn’t honest either. This had been building for a long time. Our silences were getting longer. Our arguments more frequent. How do you stay with someone when there are no dreams to build? No purpose to accomplish? No meaning? No meaning —that was the monster that drove us away from one another in the end. Always.”
― Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell

“Bloody men are like bloody buses —
You wait for about a year
And as soon as one approaches your stop
Two or three others appear.

You look at them flashing their indicators,
Offering you a ride.
You’re trying to read the destinations,
You haven’t much time to decide.

If you make a mistake, there is no turning back.
Jump off, and you’ll stand there and gaze
While the cars and the taxis and lorries go by
And the minutes, the hours, the days.”
― Wendy Cope, Serious Concerns

“To feel aroused is to feel alive. Having great sex is like taking in huge lungfuls of fresh air, essential to your body, essential to your health, and essential to your life.”
― Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual

“Never hesitate to let the one you love know how you feel. Align your minds, synchronise your hearts and above be fearless when dancing with their souls.”
― Truth Devour, Wantin

“عقدة أوديب"
مرحلة في تطور الطفل بين ثلاث سنوات إالى ست سنوات تتميز برغبة الطفل في الاستئثار بأمه، لكنه يصطدم بواقع أنها ملك لأبيه، مما يجعل الطفل في هذه المرحلة من تطوره التي تمتد من السن الثالثة إلى التاسعة يحمل شعورا متناقضا تجاه أبيه: يكرهه ويحبه في آن واحد جراء المشاعر الإيجابية التي يشمل بها الأب ابنه. تجد عقدة أوديب حلها عادة في تماهي الطفل مع أبيه. لان الطفل لا يستطيع ان يقاوم الاب وقوته فانه يمتص قوانين الاب وهنا ياتى تمثل عادات وافكار وقوانين الاب في قالب فكرى لدى الطفل يرى فرويد أن السمات الأساسية لشخصية الطفل تتحدد في هذه الفترة بالذات التي تشكل جسر مرور للصغير من طور الطبيعة إلى الثقافة، لأنه بتعذر امتلاكه الأم يكتشف أحد مكونات القانون متمثلا في قاعدة منع زنا المحارم.

لهذه العقدة رواية أنثوية إن جاز التعبير، يسميها فرويد بعقدة إلكترا تجتاز فيها الطفلة التجربة نفسها، لكن الميل يكون تجاه أبيها. كما للعقدة نفسها عند فرويد رواية جماعية تتمثل في أسطورة اغتيال الأب التي يعتبرها منشأ للعقائد والأديان والفنون والحضارة عموما.”
― سيغموند فرويد

“I hope you outlive me so I never have to know what life is like without you.”
― C.J. English, Affairytale

“Her violence frightened me. She always claimed that I was the jealous one, and I was often jealous, but when I saw things working against me I simply became disgusted and withdrew. Lydia was different. She reacted. She was the Head Cheerleader at the Game of Violence.”
― Charles Bukowski, Women

“In choosing a mate, don't pick the tallest and most handsome or the most beautiful. Don't choose one just because that person raises your physical passions. Look for the person who is good from within, the one with substance and worth.”
― Helen Quist Milligan

“Then I met Linda and the sun rose.
I can't find a better way to express it. The sun rose in my life. At first, as dawn breaking on the horizon, almost as if to say, this is where you have to look. Then came the first rays of sunshine, everything became clearer, lighter, more alive, and I became happier and happier, and then it hung in the sky of my life and shone and shone and shone.”
― Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 2

“Friendship is not by force but by choice.
You can never please everybody, he who aims to please everybody will end up pleasing nobody.”
― Stella Oladiran, Winning Formulas

“When your tears become invisible, disappear”
― Benny Bellamacina

“A relationship will either make the majority of your life happy or miserable. It is important to take your time and make sure that it is a wise choice before making a commitment.”
― Pamela Cummins, Psychic Wisdom on Love and Relationships

“I had a dream about you. I was a ventriloquist trying to share your fashion secrets, but you wouldn’t talk. So we put on a strip show for the department store sale, and I was arrested for theft – I took away your dignity as a mannequin”
― Bauvard, I Had a Dream About You

“The more a woman appreciates the hunting prowess of her man, the more he will kill for her.”
― Michael DiMarco, Cupidity: 50 Stupid Things People Do For Love And How To Avoid Them

“Strong relationships come from well-bonded friendships.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett

“We must admit that simply knowing the contents of the Bible is not a sure route to spiritual growth. There is an aweful assumption in evangelical churches that if we can just get the Word of God into people's heads, then the Spirit of God will apply it to their hearts. That assumption is aweful, not because the Spirit never does what the assumption supposes, but because it excused pastors and leaders from the responsibility to tangle with people's lives. Many remain safely hidden behind pulpits, hopelessly out of touch with the struggles of their congregations, proclaiming the Scriptures with a pompous accuracy that touches no one. Pulpits should provide bridges, not barriers, to life-changing relationships.”
― Larry Crabb, Inside Out: Real Change Is Possible If You're Willing to Start from The...

“That happens a lot with Shakespeare. The women go after what they want; the men wind up suckered into things.”
― Gayle Forman, Just One Day

“Let's hope that for every time that we get hurt or break our heart, there is something somewhere being written to make up for it, to make the happiness due even bigger and laughters even merrier, for after all good things must happen to good people.”
― Mansi Soni

“Life is too short to not kick fear in the ass and allow yourself to love again.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I asked if you was pleased.’
‘Course I’m pleased! You think I’d be mad if I wasn’t pleased?’
‘You don’t make a lick of sense,’ he says, but he is smiling now and he takes a step closer to me.”
― Erin Lindsay McCabe, I Shall be Near to You

“Eli . . .” I rasped. I lost track of where his kisses landed, where his fingers touched, and grew too comfortable in his arms. “I can’t.”

“You can,” he urged, pulling back and grinding my hips against his. Heat quickly rushed to my cheeks. “I have you. I found you, and I’m not letting you go.”

“You don’t—” Eli’s mouth crashed down on mine, stealing a kiss, and I freakin’ lost it. His mouth was absolutely sinful and there was nothing gentle about him, either. Eli was out for something good and was determined to get it. Euphoria sliced through my drunken haze and I grinned as I kissed him back. When his hands slid up my dress and his tongue pushed past my teeth, I moaned loudly and wrapped my legs around his waist.

Just this. I can do this.

Eli’s fingers inched closer to my panties and I threw my head back against the building to catch my breath.

Oh, my God.

Lights flashed behind my eyes and the red and blue spots showered over me like rain. “I-I have a wedding tomorrow. My friend’s,” I muttered, almost pulling away. To my ears, it didn’t even sound like a coherent sentence.

“Cielo, I don’t really care.” Eli glanced up at me from his place between my flushed breasts and leaned in to suck my bottom lip into his mouth.

“I’m drunk.”

“Good.” His hand beneath my dress tugged and I heard the audible rip of my panties. “So am I.”
― Nadège Richards, 5 Miles

“Every day I’m convinced that I can’t possibly love you more… and every day I’m proven wrong.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Every specific human being, however, thinks, judges, imagines, wills and expresses himself or herself in a unique, dissimilar, and unrepeatable mode--a mode of unpredictable difference, or otherness, which objectively defies description or delimitation.”
― Christos Yannaras, Relational Ontology

“Maybe it's impossible to find everything you want in one person. Maybe everyone in your life gives you certain things you need. And your friends give you the rest of what you can't get from your boyfriend.”
― Susane Colasanti, Take Me There

“You are set free whenever you love—even those who believe you're crazy.”
― Jef Murray, Seer: A Wizard's Journal

“She is my friend, and there is nothing you can say or do that can stop me from helping her.”
― Peter G. Nogel

“KM: Yes. Mrs. Lopez, she's human. And you know, clearly, she'd like people to show some appreciation for her hard work. But if people just, you know, take her pie and don't even say, "Hey, nice pie," they just scarf it down or whatever-
MH: I could see how that would get to be annoying. I mean, if you're constantly providing...pie. And getting no positive feedback-
KM: Right! And what about your future? I mean, how do you know people are still going to want your pie in the future? Supposing they become a famous rock star or something. People are going to be offering them pie all over the place. If they haven't promised only to eat your pie, well, where does that leave you?”
― Meg Cabot, Boy Meets Girl

“The bottom line was that I was in an abusive relationship.”
― Shannon Celebi

“Hmm. Relationships between fathers and sons can be notoriously difficult, especially for two men who are as different as you and your father are."
"Yes, and he's also the king--that makes our relationship impossible.”
― Lynn Austin, Gods and Kings

“It's disconcerting to realize how little you have to say to someone who once occupied such a prominent place in your bed.”
― Sue Grafton, J is for Judgment

“Yet even in the loneliness of the canyon I knew there were others like me who had brothers they did not understand but wanted to help. We are probably those referred to as "our brother's keepers," possessed of one of the oldest and possible one of the most futile and certainly one of the most haunting instincts. It will not let us go.”
― Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through it and Other Stories

“Sometimes I feel like relationships consist of telling your same life stories to different people until someone finally appreciates them.”
― Kate Rockland, Falling Is Like This

“Even after centuries of human interacting, children still continue to rebel against their parents and siblings. Young marrieds look upon their in-laws and parents as obstacles to their independence and growth. Parents view their children as selfish ingrates. Husbands desert their wives and seek greener fields elsewhere. Wives form relationships with heroes of soap operas who vicariously bring excitement and romance into their empty lives. Workers often hate their bosses and co-workers and spend miserable hours with them, day after day. On a larger scale, management cannot relate with labour. Each accuses the other of unreasonable self-interests and narrow-mindedness. Religious groups often become entrapped, each in a provincial dogma resulting in hate and vindictiveness in the name of God. Nations battle blindly, under the shadow of the world annihilation, for the realization of their personal rights. Members of these groups blame rival groups for their continual sense of frustration, impotence, lack of progress and communication. We have obviously not learned much over the years. We have not paused long enough to consider the simple truth that we humans are not born with particular attitudinal sets regarding other persons, we are taught into them. We are the future generation's teachers. We are, therefore, the perpetrators of the confusion and alienation we abhor and which keeps us impotent in finding new alternatives. It is up to us to diligently discover new solutions and learn new patterns of relating, ways more conducive to growth, peace, hope and loving coexistence. Anything that is learned can be unlearned and relearned. In this process called change lies our real hope.”
― Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other

“You can trust everyone to be human, with all the quirks and inconsistencies we humans display, including disloyalty, dishonesty and downright treachery. We are all capable of the entire range of human behavior, given the circumstances, from absolute saintliness to abject depravity. Trusting someone to limit their sphere of action to one narrow band on the spectrum is idealistic and will inevitably lead to disappointment.
On the other hand, you can decide to trust that everyone is doing their best according to their particular stage of development, and to give everyone their appropriate berth. For this to work, you have to trust yourself to make and have made the right choices that will lead you on the path to your healthy growth. You have to trust yourself to come through every experience safely and enriched. But don’t trust what I am saying. Listen and then decide for yourself. Does this information sit easily in your belly? You know when you trust yourself around someone because your belly feels settled and your heart feels warm.”
― Stephen Russell, Barefoot Doctor's Guide to the Tao: A Spiritual Handbook for the Urban Warrior

“It struck her all at once that dealing with other human beings was an awful lot of work.”
― Anne Tyler, Back When We Were Grownups

“That chain of relationships made me think of how connections are made--you read a book, you meet a person, you have a single experience, and your life is changed in some way. No act, therefore, however small, should be dismissed or ignored.”
― Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times

“Loving relationships, though necessary for life, health, and growth, are among the most complicated skills. Before we can be successful at achieving relationships, it is necessary that we broaden our understanding of how they work, what they mean and how what we do and believe can enhance or destroy them. We can accomplish this only if we are willing to put in the energy and take the time to study failed relationships as well as examine successful ones. Loving relationships cannot be taken lightly. Unless we are looking for pain, they must not be forever approached in a trial and error fashion. Too many of us have experienced the cost of these lackadaisical approaches in terms of tears, confusion and guilt.”
― Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other

“We can't talk about it, or I know she won't so I don't even try, but it's what goes unsaid between people tat builds up like masonry. You have to either knock the bricks out with other things, or let them keep stacking until eventually you are alone in a room.”
― Justin Taylor

“Instructions For Wayfarers

They will declare: Every journey has been taken.
You shall respond: I have not been to see myself.
They will insist: Everything has been spoken.
You shall reply: I have not had my say.

They will tell you: Everything has been done.
You shall reply: My way is not complete.

You are warned: Any way is long, any way is hard.
Fear not. You are the gate - you, the gatekeeper.
And you shall go through and on . . .

—Alexandros Evangelou Xenopouloudakis,
THIRD WISH”
― Robert Fulghum, Robert Fulghum Boxed Set

“He told me that from now on, everything I did and everything he did was of the utmost importance: any word spoken, the slightest gesture, would take on a meaning, and everything that happened between us would change us continually. 'For that reason,'he said,'I wish I were able to suspend time at this moment and keep things exactly at this point, because I feel this instant is a true beginning. We have a definite but unknown quantity of experience at our disposal. As soon as the hourglass is turned, the sand will begin to run out and once it starts, it cannot stop until it's all gone. That's why I wish I could hold it back at the start. We should make a minimum of gestures, pronounce a minimum of words, even see each other as seldom as possible, if that would prolong things. We don't know how much of everything we have ahead of us so we have to take the greatest precautions not to destroy the beauty of what we have. Everything exists in limited quantity-especially happiness. If a love is to come into being, it is all written down somewhere, and also its duration and content. If you could arrive at the complete intensity the first day, it would be ended the first day. And so if it's something you want so much that you'd like to have it prolonged in time, you must be extremely careful not to make the slightest excessive demand that might prevent it from developing to the greatest extent over the longest period...If the wings of the butterfly are to keep their sheen, you mustn't touch them. We mustn't abuse something which is to bring light into both our lives. Everything else in my life only weighs me down and shuts out the light. This thing wih you seems like a window that is opening up. I want it to remain open...”
― Francoise Gilot, Life with Picasso

“A real relationship doesn't properly begin until the NRE burns away. That's when you have to start dealing with this person as an all-around human being, replete with irritating little habits. When disillusion sets in, love can begin.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“Yes,” said Mamma, “this is the worst of life, that love does not give us common sense but is a sure way of losing it. We love people, and we say that we are going to do more for them than friendship, but it makes such fools of us that we do far less, indeed sometimes what we do could be mistaken for the work of hatred.”
― Rebecca West, The Fountain Overflows

“I went to bed without reading, instead staring out my window with the curtains drawn, wondering about boys. Why did they behave so oddly? One minute their teasing was relentless, and then bam!― they’d stun you with a thoughtful gesture. Either way, their actions made you want to cry. Maybe that was the intent.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher

“You do not get what you wish for, unless it be known to the source of your desire.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“There's nothing wrong with wanting to be with someone."

"There is when your only reason is the being, not the someone.”
― Jet Mykles

“If you stay in the company of anger, pain, or hurt, happiness will find someone else to visit.”
― Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships

“Sound crazy? It may well be, but it is precisely in relationships of intimacy that your craziness (and mine) will be hardest to conceal. p.215”
― Stephanie Dowrick, Intimacy and Solitude: Balancing Closeness and Independence

“But I do not know what to tell myself. Stuart needs "space" and "time," as if this were physics and not a human relationship.”
― Kathryn Stockett

“But then you hear that he can't hear you, you see that he can't see you. You are not here--and you haven't even died yet. You see yourself through his eyes, as The Generic Woman, the skirted symbol on the ladies' room door.”
― Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing

“In the mainstream, with its illusion of unlimited relational possibilities, we can counter dissatisfaction in relationships by simply moving on in search of the "right people." But community...demands we cultivate friendships with people we might not choose ordinarily. Founding friendship on commitment rather than "chemistry" often requires adjustment...At the end of the day, however, we have found that any loss of chemistry in relationships is more than made up for with gains in meaning.”
― Jose Panate-Aceves and John Hayes

“Katie says, "You can't choose the time and place the when and where with whom you fall in love."

She says, "It just happens like that weird feeling you get right before you fall asleep when you gasp in surprise because your muscles just relaxed and you feel like you are falling."

She says, "Marcie, you shouldn't worry about it -- give it time to actually happen."

I guess --

I worry that I won't do it right.
That it'll be the wrong time, the wrong place, the wrong person.”
― Sarah Tregay

“Never enter relationships. Otherwise, suffer the pains that come with it. Enjoy your individuality while you can.”
― Arnold Arre, After Eden

“Don't be too busy climbing the ladder of success and forget your most cherished relationships (friends, family, spouse, etc). EnjoyLife!”
― Bernard Kelvin Clive

“She knew breaking up with Ethan was going to be a full-time job because being in a relationship with him had also been a full-time job.”
― Richard Finney, Kicky-Wicky

“(In reference to swingers) In the meantime, if you wish to declare yourself polyamorous, get used to the fact that the confusion is gong to remain as a pejorative. Sure, clear up the misunderstanding as much as you can, but don't put too much effort into setting yourself up as a "good", responsible, community-oriented polyamorist by contrasting yourself to the "bad" swingers - they may not be your siblings, but they're definitely your cousins.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“most men know what they hate; few what they love”
― Charles Caleb Colton

“She re-read his email four times, feeling offended and breathless, like he had casually grabbed her head and stuffed it into a pile of wet leaves.”
― Molly Ringle, The Ghost Downstairs

“This is what we do. Not so much argue as joust, in jest. We can't stop pushing and pulling the taffy of words and concepts.”
― Larry Duberstein, The Twoweeks

“For me, it´s sloth," I say. "Hedonistic sloth and escapism.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“What the trees can do handsomely-greening and flowering, fading and then the falling of leaves-human beings cannot do with dignity, let alone without pain.”
― Martha Gellhorn

“When one has let go of that great hidden agenda that drives humanity and its varied histories, then one can begin to encounter the immensity of one's own soul. If we are courageous enough to say, "Not this person, nor any other, can ultimately give me what I want; only I can," then we are free to celebrate a relationship for what it can give.”
― James Hollis, Eden Project: In Search of the Magical Other

“How can I expect readers to know who I am if I do not tell them about my family, my friends, the relationships in my life? Who am I if not where I fit in the world, where I fit in the lives of the people dear to me?”
― Rabih Alameddine, I, The Divine: A Novel in First Chapters

“The early church was strikingly different from the culture around it in this way - the pagan society was stingy with its money and promiscuous with its body. A pagan gave nobody their money and practically gave everybody their body. And the Christians came along and gave practically nobody their body and they gave practically everybody their money.”
― Timothy Keller

“As important as your obligations as a doctor, lawyer or business leader will be, you are a human being first. And these human connections with spouse, with children and with friends are the most important investments you will ever make. At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict, or closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child or a parent. One thing will never change. Fathers and Mothers, if you have children, they must come first. You must read to your children, you must hug your children and you must love your children…. Your success as a family, our success as a society depends not what happens at the White House, but what happens inside YOUR house.”
― Barbara Bush

“He mentioned the connection between us. He identified with me. These are the things that many people want to hear, that most “normal” people want to be able to truthfully say, but almost no one can.”
― Rasmenia Massoud, Human Detritus

“Argumentation is a human enterprise that is embedded in a larger social and psychological context. This context includes (1) the total psyches of the two persons engaged in dialogue, (2) the relationship between the two persons, (3) the immediate situation in which they find themselves and (4) the larger social, cultural and historical situation surrounding them.”
― Peter Kreeft, Pocket Handbook of Christian Apologetics

“There are persons whom in my heart I despise, others I abhor. Yet I am not obliged to inform the one of my contempt, nor the other of my detestation. This kind of dissimulation...is a necessary branch of wisdom, and so far from being immoral...that it is a duty and a virtue.”
― John Adams

“They can talk shit about each other behind the others' backs, but when it comes down to it, money is the one true race and everyone down here is the color of greenbacks and as tall as mountains.”
― Richard Kadrey, Kill the Dead

“I couldn't take much more of this. Being the object two men competed for wasn't as glamorous as it sounded in the movies. The two men who both wanted one hundred percent of my time weren't dashing, international playboys. They were undead and surprisingly immature, considering the youngest was just over a hundred years old.”
― Jennifer Armintrout, Ashes to Ashes

“Betsy hadn't had sex, actual; sex-sex, full sex, in two hundred and fifty-three days. She decided on her thirty-seventh birthday that she wouldn't sleep with anyone unless it was in the context of a committed relationship which had some sort of future, and she was only gradually coming to the realization of what happens when a woman her age makes a decision like that: she never has sex again.”
― Sarah Dunn, Secrets to Happiness

“There is a part of us that knows the timing of any relationship. It knows things that we cannot work out. It knows when to say yes. It knows when to say no. It knows when to wait. It knows when something has finished. It knows when something has started. It knows when we have a responsibility to another person. It knows when the ties are untied. It will not betray us or another.”
― Donna Goddard

“It's so weird that adults in committed relationships have a problem with something so innocuous as flirting. I would never expect you to walk around with a paper bag over your head to avoid catching the eye of a stranger, nor would I discourage you making friendly conversation with whomever you might encounter during the day. And if you needed to fuck somebody else, we could talk about it. People change, our desires evolve, and it feels foolish to me to expect what you'll want two, five, or ten years from now will be exactly the same thing that fills you up today. I mean, the way I feel about fidelity has evolved over the last ten years of my life. It's a hard-and-fast rule that we don't apply to any other thing in our lives: YOU MUST LOVE THIS [SHOW/BOOK/FOOD/SHIRT] WITH UNWAVERING FERVOR FOR THE REST OF YOUR NATURAL LIFE. Could you imagine being forced to listen to your favorite record from before your music tastes were refined for the rest of your life? Right now I'm pretty sure I could listen to Midnight Snack by HOMESHAKE for the rest of my life, but me ten years ago was really into acoustic Dave Matthews, and I'm not sure how I feel about that today. And yes, I am oversimplifying it, but really, if in seven years you want to have sex with the proverbial milkman, just let me know about it beforehand so I can hide my LaCroix and half eaten wedge of port salut. ('Milkmen' always eat all the good snacks.)”
― Samantha Irby, We Are Never Meeting In Real Life

“It takes two to have a fight.”
― Roberta M. Gilbert, Extraordinary Relationships: A New Way of Thinking about Human Interactions

“If you worked out enough, maybe the man would too. Maybe you would be able to work it out together, as if the two of you were a puzzle that could be solved; otherwise, one of you, most likely the man, taking his addictive body with him and leaving you with bad withdrawal, which you could counteract by exercise. If you didn't work it out it was because one of you had the wrong attitude.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale

“Judging Natalie as my mother had judged me was, I felt like telling her son, just my ass-backward way of showing love. I'd spent my life trying to translate that language, and now I realized I had come to speak it fluently. When was it that you realized the thread woven through your DNA carried the relationship deformities of your blood relatives as much as it did their diabetes and bone density? ”
― Alice Sebold, The Almost Moon

“It is 10 PM now, and Godzilla has been sitting at his desk in front of his laptop for six to seven hours. He has accomplished hardly anything today. Godzilla is drinking a lot of beer. He can not stop smoking cigarettes. His room is blue with cigarette smoke, and Godzilla sits on a chair in there, minimizing and maximizing Mozilla Firefox repeatedly. He is not over his girlfriend's house because she said on the cell phone that she needed time, alone, to think about their relationship. Godzilla worries that he will not be able to take care of himself if they break up.”
― Brandon Scott Gorrell

“Mom has the Touch. She knows what flowers go with what occasions, what hors d'oeuvres work with what people. She believes passionately in the power of food to heal, restore, and stimulate relationships, and she has built a following of loyal customers who really hope she's right. If she's wrong, says Sonia, no one wants to know.”
― Joan Bauer, Thwonk

“I didn't want to pick at Micah and me until we unraveled. I wanted to leave it alone and enjoy it. I just didn't know how to do that.”
― Laurell K. Hamilton, Micah

“Look for the positive qualities in your client's negative behavior.”
― Marilyn Suttle

“Friendships - and indeed most relationships - are measured in the closeness of hearts,
minds and soul ties... not in the distance of physical miles or even the passing of time.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“S'il n y a pas de rapport sexuel c'est que l'Autre est d'une autre race.”
― Jacques Lacan

“Intimacy requires accommodation and gentleness at it's core, and does with phrases like "If it bothers you I won't do it," and "Now I understand." And "Thank you for telling me that. I hadn't seen it in that light." And "I appreciate you taking the time to get through my defences. I am sorry I put up such a fight."
You'd be surprised how much power there is in respect, and how much respect comes back, and how much intimacy there is when you empower someone instead of overpower them, and how much more love.”
― Merle Shain, Courage My Love

“The golden rule of business is supply and demand. I venture to say that this is also the rule of happiness. When a balance is achieved between our desires and another's willingness to satisfy them, the result is a sympathetic, mutually rewarding relationship. (...) a thriving economy of love.' - character Mike Lambeth”
― Caroline Adderson, Sitting Practice

“The engineer’s ready capitulation, however, did not hide from the poet’s mother the sad realization that the adventure into which she had plunged so impulsively--and which had seemed so intoxicatingly beautiful--had no turned out to be the great, mutually fulfilling love she was convinced she had a full right to expect. Her father was the owner of two prosperous Prague pharmacies, and her morality was based on strict give-and-take. For her part, she had invested everything in love (she had even been willing to sacrifice her parents and their peaceful existence); in turn, she had expected her partner to invest an equal amount of capital of feelings in the common account. To redress the imbalance, she gradually withdrew her emotional deposit and after the wedding presented a proud, severe face to her husband.”
― Milan Kundera, Life is Elsewhere

“We all act as hinges - fortuitous links between other people.”
― Penelope Lively, Moon Tiger

“I loved being near you. Even though I felt that bubble you had around you, even though I never quite knew what you were thinking, damn, did I love being near you. Somehow, I knew you would rip me apart and drown me. Somehow, I knew we wouldn’t last. It didn’t matter. You were my sun. I loved feeling you upon me, around me, between me. Even though you could only love me from a distance, I didn’t care. I never felt more warmth inside of me than when you were against me.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn

“Relationships are valuable no matter who they are between.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“Still, she really did seem to be absurdly into this. It was almost existentially unsettling, that two people in such close physical proximity could be experiencing the same moment so differently.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“The person you love has all kinds of seeds in her: joy, suffering, and anger. If you water her anger, then in just five minutes you can bring the anger out in her. If you know how to water the seeds of her compassion, joy, and understanding, then these seeds will blossom. If you recognize the good seeds in her, you are watering her self-confidence and she will become the source of her own happiness as well as yours.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“This is one of the marks of a truly safe person: they are confrontable.”
― Henry Cloud, Safe People: How to Find Relationships That Are Good for You and Avoid Those That Aren't

“Making someone feel obligated, pressured or forced into doing something of a sexual nature that they don't want to is sexual coercion. This includes persistent attempts at sexual contact when the person has already refused you. Nobody owes you sex, ever; and no means no, always.”
― Miya Yamanouchi , Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women

“He didn't take any of my shit. I needed that.”
― C.J. English, Affairytale

“Relationships are steppingstones for the evolution of our consciousness. Each interaction we have, be it one of joy or contrast, allows us to learn more about who we are and what we want in this lifetime. They bring us into greater alignment…as long as we continue to move forward and do not get attached to hurt, anger, or being a victim.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“In some ways, we will always be different. In other ways, we will always be the same. There is always room to disagree and blame, just as there is always room to take a new perspective and empathize. Understanding is a choice.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“For the first time in my life, I felt the pain of missing people I had not yet left.”
― Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors

“Loving you was like jumping into the dark side of a pool, and drowning.”
― Lori Jenessa Nelson

“Friendship happens when the distance between the hearts tends to zero.”
― Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird

“What you reject today, you could accept tomorrow. And what you accept today, you could reject tomorrow. Never say never unless you can predict the future.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Through love, tribes have been intermixing colors to reveal a new rainbow world. And as more time passes, this racial and cultural blending will make it harder for humans to side with one race, nation or religion over another.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Love is being able to view a situation without adding duality to it.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“Your body would not get sick if you held no thought of resentment. It is neither good nor bad of itself. If we hold anything against anyone, we will suffer ourselves.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“There is the purity of love, harmonious in every way, but not meant for a lifetime, and then there is the steady love of commitment - no less real but completely different. She had both.”
― Donna Lynn Hope

“In the way that you need to clear the way to make a road, those who betray and abandon you expose things you need to remove from your life. They reveal the mistakes you made in trusting them and how you can avoid them in the future, and move on.”
― Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision

“Love is supposed to lift you up, not hold you down. It is supposed to push you forward, not hold you back.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If there's one person in the world you should be with, there must be one person in the world you shouldn't be with.”
― Amy Zhang, This Is Where the World Ends

“Baths, she thought, were just like her relationships, all "ooh, ah" in the beginning and then suddenly, without warning, she had to get out, out, out!”
― Liane Moriarty, Three Wishes

“To lovers there.

Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“I lean against my sister's shoulder. "I thought lightning wasn't supposed to strike in the same place twice."

"Sure it does," Izzy tells me. "But only if you're too dumb to move.”
― Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper

“Relationships are used by the darkness to keep people revolving around the ego’s demands. For a moment, people see the light of the divine in each other. They run to it and then quickly forget the light they once saw as their fears reclaim their consciousness. Thus begins the ongoing battle to protect one’s own ‘rights’, in case they be forgotten or betrayed. The tally of what is owed is counted, the guilt of perceived wrong doings is cast upon the other, one’s freedom must be paid as the price for ‘love’, and it is only in short periods of peace when all of this is forgotten. Those moments are the precious windows of the Soul.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“Finally, Carol said in a tone of hopelessness, "Darling, can I ask you to forgive me?"

The tone hurt Therese more than the question. "I love you, Carol."

"But do you see what it means?”
― Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt

“They kissed in the middle of the sidewalk, letting the crowds of people flow around them like water around an island.”
― Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths

“I was always moved when mean people were suddenly nice to me. It was a weakness that would lead me into some bad relationships later in life.”
― Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals

“Even a friendship needs an effort from both sides, how can we expect a relationship to work from the effort of one..!!

It should be a true-hearted commitment from both involve.”
― Akansh Malik, Love Heals Everything

“I also have no idea how to be a girlfriend. I love sleeping alone and I avoid sick people at all costs. I don't even cook for myself, so I need someone who appreciates a lovingly baked frozen pizza.”
― Jessica Pan, Graduates in Wonderland: The International Misadventures of Two (Almost) Adults

“I like the disaster of the night sky, stars spilling this way and that as if they were upturned from a glass. I like the way good madness feels. I like the way laughter always spills. That's the word for it. It never just comes, it spills. I like the word 'again'. Again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again. I like the quiet sound a coffee cup makes when it's set down on a wooden table. So hushed. So inviting. Like morning light yawning through the window and stretching out onto the kitchen floor. I like the way girls' lips look like they're stained with berries. I like the way morning light breaks like a prism through the empty wine bottles on our dusty apartment floor. Glasses empty except for the midnight hour. I like the way blueberries stain my fingers during the summer. I like the way light hits your eyes and turns it into a color that doesn't exist anywhere else other than in this moment. I want it all. I want the breeze to call my name as it rushes down my street, looking for me. I want to feel grass underneath my bare feet and I want to feel the sun kiss freckles onto my cheeks. I want to hear you yell hello as you make your way towards me, not goodbye as you have to go.

That's just a little bit about me.”
― Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts

“You see, Katie," Pastor Ron said, "that’s what makes faith so tough to grasp, but also makes it so wonderful. It’s all about believing in something—whether it’s God, or other people, or even yourself—when you’ve got nothing else to go on. Nothing but a little voice inside telling you it’s more than a hunch.”
― Kaylin McFarren, Flaherty's Crossing

“Can I Tinder swipe for cat cuddles?”
― Shannon M Mullen, See What Flowers

“I fell in love with him. But I don't just stay with him by default as if there's no one else available. I stay with him because I choose to everyday that I wake up, everyday that we fight or lie to each other or disappoint each other. I choose him over and over again, and he chooses me.”
― Jessica Pan, Graduates in Wonderland: The International Misadventures of Two (Almost) Adults

“When you have the power to love, that strength, that courage is infinite; that love is infinite. There is nothing finite about it's presence, for love. never. dies.”
― Solange nicole

“I love being aroused.

I relish that delicious feeling of freedom, the delirium of being naked, and my flesh being born again.

It’s like I’m being made new.”
― Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual

“Some women marry houses.”
― Anne Sexton

“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
― Dee Dee Artner

“It was the impatience of the way he tore my panties from my body, that really turned me on: I was all he could think of, as his lust got the better of him.

I glanced back, and saw the underwear torn and discarded, a little strip of thin black material on the floor, and thought, Yes, this is the kind of impatient sex I’m looking for.

The way they looked so small, and cruelly forgotten, was a beautiful symbol of how much we both needed to satisfy our lusts.”
― Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual

“12% of people marry because they are completely in love. 88% of people marry just so they are then liable for only half of their rent.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Even "meant to be" takes work.”
― Donna Lynn Hope

“Love life comes last in my life. I put real life first.”
― Cyc Jouzy

“I got an image in my head that never got out. We see a great many things and can remember a great many things, but that is different. We get very few of the true images in our heads of the kind I am talking about, the kind that become more and more vivid for us as if the passage of the years did not obscure their reality but, year by year, drew off another veil to expose a meaning which we had only dimly surmised at first. Very probably the last veil will not be removed, for there are not enough years, but the brightness of the image increases and our conviction increases that the brightness is meaning, or the legend of meaning, and without the image our lives would be nothing except an old piece of film rolled on a spool and thrown into a desk drawer among the unanswered letters.”
― Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men

“Sometimes we can focus so much on nothing that we make it a big something of nothing”
― Ricky Maye, An Emerging Spirituality

“Being single is definitely better than being with the wrong person”
― Hassan Choughari

“Nakajima’s past would always be there, so the foundation could crumble at any moment. That’s what happens, I realized, when people destroy other people.”
― Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake

“If a boy doesn't respect his mother...run!”
― Tracy Yates, Suzy Freaking Q: The Defintive Renegade High School Handbook on What to Say and What to Do about Guys, Friends, Parents and More.

“If you have nothing in common with the person you are dating and his parents hate you and your friends hate him, this is not romantic; it's a bad idea.”
― Amy E. Spiegel, Letting Go of Perfect: Women, Expectations, and Authenticity

“Adversity is a mirage. People, situations, and relationships sometimes change for the worst but inevitably clear a path for far better replacements. The continued journey will always find bliss.”
― Carl Henegan

“I am a diamond in the rut. A diamond to an untrained eye looks like a rock stone. So men will kick it around on the ground. It takes a man with an expert eye for fine Jewelry to notice its worth. Do not feel bad when men treat you like the little boys in Africa who gave away stones in exchange for candy. The hungry boys thought they were getting something better but had exchange wealth for a sugar high. Some men will do that. Exchange a valuable woman for the transient high of another. The boys didn't know better and so do some of these men. They don't know your worth.”
― Crystal Evans, Ten Things Your Mother Should Have Told You about Dating

“Strangers will show you the way

But a true friend will escort you,

to your destination.

1st November, 2006”
― Tushar Mangl

“It is not always a problem finding the truth, it is however sometimes a problem accepting it.”
― sunny-drunk

“There's this total manwhore phenomenon happening, where even the geeks are player now. It's like Manhattan is this giant playground and guys want to keep playing forever.”
― Susane Colasanti, Take Me There

“Different people have different ways of defining, living and maintaining relationships. Your way is not the only right way, it is merely your way. As far as right way is concerned, there isn't any. It is all about different opinions and perceptions.”
― Arti Honrao

“I don't know what to say to fill the silence. I don't know how to fix this. It seems wrong to leave him, but I have to. There's no compromise, no alternative. Things just weren't meant to be, which seems like a pansy-ass thing to say, until it happens to you.”
― H.M. Ward, The Arrangement 8: The Ferro Family

“Accept that what you see is what you'll get. Once your relationship becomes firmly established, your partner's personality and the way in which [he or] she treats you will most likely be what your future together will look like. Staying with a partner whom you hope will change usually results in disappointment.”
― Mary C. Lamia, The White Knight Syndrome: Rescuing Yourself from Your Need to Rescue Others

“I had a dream about you. You were wearing Sylvester Stallone's sneer as pants, but his lips were saggy on your legs, so you had to wear a mustache as a belt. ”
― Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You

“But even so, I wondered--how well do we really ever know someone?”
― Beth Hoffman, Looking for Me

“My brother, Langston, said, “Lily, you don’t understand because you’ve never been in love. If you had a boyfriend, you’d understand.” Langston has a new boyfriend and all I understand from that is a sorry state of co-dependence.”
― Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares

“All I know is that the closer I get to God, the deeper I get into the Bible, and the heavier the burden seems on my shoulders.”
― Tim LaHaye, Tribulation Force

“I had a dream about you. We were ice fishing in my freezer. I caught a few cold beers, and you wondered if we should drink them, or throw them back because they were babies. ”
― Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You

“In a sudden and soundless eruption, as if he has fallen into a waking dream, a stream of images pours down, images of women he has known on two continents, some from so far away in time that he barely recognizes them. Like leaves blown on the wind, pell-mell, they pass before him. A fair field full of folk: hundreds of lives all tangled with his. He holds his breath, willing the vision to continue.

What has happened to them, all those women, all those lives? Are there moments when they too, or some of them, are plunged without warning into the ocean of memory? The German girl: is it possible that at this very instant she is remembering the man who picked her up on the roadside in Africa and spent the night with her?

Enriched: that was the word the newspapers picked on to jeer at. A stupid word to let slip, under the circumstances, yet now, at this moment, he would stand by it. By Melanie, by the girl in Touws River; by Rosalind, Bev Shaw, Soraya: by each of them he was enriched, and by the others too, even the least of them, even the failures. Like a flower blooming in his breast, his heart floods with thankfulness.”
― J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace

“I had a dream about you. You looked like you, but you also looked like a mannequin. And I looked like me, but I also looked like a mannequin. Between the two of us, we were too fake even for Hollywood. And as such, we were forced to reside in Washington DC. ”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, I Had a Dream About You

“Relationships should be like glass .... No matter who sees from what angel .... It should be transparent”
― Adil Adam Memon

“You know what she's made of."
"Yeah, good stock, good breeding, a hard head and a hunger to win." She flashed him a smile as they approached the kitchen door. "I've been told that describes me. I'm half Irish, Brian, I was born stubborn."
"No arguing with that. A person might make the world a calmer place for others by being passive, but you don't get very far in it yourself, do you?"
"Look at that. We have a foundation of agreement. Now tell me you like spaghetti and meatballs."
"It happens to be a favorite of mine."
"That's handy. Mine, too. And I heard a rumor that's what's for dinner." She reached for the doorknob, then caught him off guard by brushing a light kiss over his lips. "And since we'll be joining my parents, it would probably be best if you didn't imagine me naked for the next couple of hours."
She sailed in ahead of him, leaving Brian helplessly and utterly aroused.”
― Nora Roberts, Irish Rebel

“You have to be quite heavily invested in someone to do them the honour of telling them you're annoyed with them.”
― Alain de Botton

“... the best way of killing a rose is to force it open when it is still only the promise of a bud.”
― José Saramago, The Cave

“Give her the continent and she wanted the hemisphere.”
― Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue

“Something snapped inside her. “Of course I’m afraid! Relationships do bad things to me.” He started to respond, but the pain had gone on long enough, and she didn’t want to hear it. “You know what I want? I want peace. I want a good job and a decent place to live. I want to read books and listen to music and have time to make some female friendships that are going to last. When I wake up in the morning, I want to know that I have a decent shot at being happy. And here’s what’s really sad. Until I met you, I was almost there.”
― Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet?

“The best foundation for relationships to grow, flourish, and succeed is a deep-rooted friendship.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable

“Tenderness emerges from the fact that the two persons, longing, as all individuals do, to overcome the separateness and isolation to which we are all heir because we are individuals, can participate in a relationship that, for the moment, is not of two isolated selves but a union”
― Rollo May

“A certain amount of volatility and drama can me healthy and keep things fun and interesting if you're willing at any moment during a fight to say, 'This means nothing. I love you, let's forget about it.”
― Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue

“Conflict can and should be handled constructively; when it is, relationships benefit. Conflict avoidance is *not* the hallmark of a good relationship. On the contrary, it is a symptom of serious problems and of poor communication.”
― Harriet B. Braiker, Who's Pulling Your Strings? How to Break the Cycle of Manipulation and Regain Control of Your Life

“Because, Jack, you volunteered to be taken down into eternal torment in place of her. This is the absolute minimum (unless I'm mistaken) that any female requires from her man.”
― Neal Stephenson, Quicksilver

“This is the list you carry in your pocket, of the things you plan to say to Kay, when you find him, if you find him:

1. I’m sorry that I forgot to water your ferns while you were away that time.
2. When you said that I reminded you of your mother, was that a good thing?
3. I never really liked your friends all that much.
4. None of my friends ever really liked you.
5. Do you remember when the cat ran away, and I cried and cried and made you put up posters, and she never came back? I wasn’t crying because she didn’t come back. I was crying because I’d taken her to the woods, and I was scared she’d come back and tell you what I’d done, but I guess a wolf got her, or something. She never liked me anyway.
6. I never liked your mother.
7. After you left, I didn’t water your plants on purpose. They’re all dead.
8. Goodbye.
9. Were you ever really in love with me?
10. Was I good in bed, or just average?
11. What exactly did you mean, when you said that it was fine that I had put on a little weight, that you thought I was even more beautiful, that I should go ahead and eat as much as I wanted, but when I weighed myself on the bathroom scale, I was exactly the same weight as before, I hadn’t gained a single pound?
12. So all those times, I’m being honest here, every single time, and anyway I don’t care if you don’t believe me, I faked every orgasm you ever thought I had. Women can do that, you know. You never made me come, not even once.
13. So maybe I’m an idiot, but I used to be in love with you.
14. I slept with some guy, I didn’t mean to, it just kind of happened. Is that how it was with you? Not that I’m making any apologies, or that I’d accept yours, I just want to know.
15. My feet hurt, and it’s all your fault.
16. I mean it this time, goodbye.”
― Kelly Link, Stranger Things Happen

“Being honest in a relationship is at times exceedingly difficult and painful. Yet the moment a person evades the truth, central fibers of the self pull away and the person initiates a process of deception - a way of manipulating the other person by preventing the person from discovering "real thoughts and real feelings”
― Clark Mustakas

“Definition of a relationship - an enduring, mutually-agreed upon connection or union, which fulfills certain needs of the individuals involved and the society in which they live.”
― Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other

“Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up”
― Benny Bellamacina

“did you ever think the reason you haven't found the right man is because it's not your time? Sometimes God kets bad things happen to us as a sign that something is not right. He also does it to make us stronger. God got a plan for you, and you gotta stop fighting it. Focus on YOU, and let God lead that man to you.”
― Braya Spice, Dear Drama

“I shall now explain my plan. You may then speak, but only to amend the detail. The broad outline is not subject to negotiation. Are you ready? Good … I propose to have sex with you. I believe it will be excellent sex. Your obedience on one particular issue of timing it will be required to make it unforgettable sex. I will explain that issue as we go. At the moment, I wish to hear your inevitable objection to the general sex part of this plan.”
― Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker

“How we perceive, feel about and respond to people and situations is far more guided by the lessons of early childhood than we would like to believe. We may be adults, chronologically and physically, but too often the youngest parts of our personality are invisibly, yet actively, living our lives.”
― Charlette Mikulka, Peace in the Heart and Home: A Down-to-Earth Guide to Creating a Better Life for You and Your Loved Ones

“A relationship could be a place to hide too.”
― Deb Caletti, The Story of Us

“Once," Fran says, settling against the worktable, folding her arms, "I knew this kid who very bravely and bossily came out of the closet when she was only fourteen years old. She told me then that we can't choose who we love. We just love the people we love, no mattter what anyone else might want for us. Wasn't that you?”
― Madeleine George, The Difference Between You and Me

“One of the most astounding dynamics in human relationships is how the unconscious intuition of our brain's right hemisphere is able to act as radar to find us just the right person to provoke and recreate our childhood attachment relationship ...I've given much thought to the question of why we are designed to be drawn -like a moth to a flame- to the very person who is most likely to resurrect all our childhood anguish. It seems like a cruel hoax to play on two wounded souls.”
― Charlette Mikulka, Peace in the Heart and Home: A Down-to-Earth Guide to Creating a Better Life for You and Your Loved Ones

“I read once that sorrow looks back, worry looks around, and faith looks ahead.”
― Sandra Steffen, Come Summer

“In a culture of diversity, one group is likely not "just like everyone else." To deny that we have different needs, concerns, thought processes, worldview, is to refuse to look at the reason we are supposedly an identifiable community.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“Whether our caretaker was our mom, dad, uncle, aunt, grandparent, foster parent, or sibling, our blueprint of what a relationship is supposed to look like is drafted by what we observed from our caretaker’s relationship. If our caretaker took their significant other back multiple times, made excuses for their actions, helped them battle demons, turned a blind eye to their infidelity, or moved from one relationship to the next, that is what we know. Their behavior becomes our very own model of what a relationship is supposed to look like and determines what we will expect from our own partners.﻿”
― Kristen Crockett, The Gift of Past Relationships

“It is possible to compromise in certain areas when choosing a partner for life, but never on a cravat.”
― Amanda Grange, Henry Tilney's Diary

“It's one thing to say you think someone "hung the moon" but that generally means you are blind and deluded, and then the relationship fails because they say you changed, when really, they never saw you at all...The real test is if someone sees all your flaws or blemishes or individual differences, and they still think you hung the moon.”
― Kelli Jae Baeli

“When you think of it, people may rub elbows and still have an ocean or two between them.”
― B.M. Bower, The Range Dwellers

“We've come a long way from the time when the crowning achievement in a woman's life was her youthful marriage. And many would agree that this represents progress for women. But when did the search for someone to marry become self-absorbed and pathetic? This absence of social sympathy for women's ambitions to marry is all the more striking because the social world has cared so deeply about virtually every other aspect of these privileged young women's inner and outer lives. (...) The achievement of a good marriage is the one area of life where the most privileged, accomplished, and high achieving young women in society face a loss of support and sympathy for their ambitions and where the social expectations are for disappointment and failure, not success.”
― Barbara Dafoe Whitehead, Why There Are No Good Men Left: The Romantic Plight of the New Single Woman

“I know how bad you boys feel, but the sun will still come up tomorrow. And when it does, you 'll feel better. When the sun comes up the day after tomorrow, a little better still. This is just a part of your life, and it's over. It would have been better to win, but either way, it's over. Life will go on.”
― Stephen King

“males conspicuously leaving their mark to let others know where they weren't welcome.”
― Jodi Picoult, Picture Perfect

“Could it possibly be that he yearned for some of the same things she yearned for? Love. Someone to call your own. Someone to share the joys and the sorrows of life.”
― Dorothy Garlock, Sins of Summer

“When it comes to relationships, I find it best to have two feet out the door”
― Josh Stern

“We men are fascinated by the things we don't really understand. It gives us something to think and talk about: like females, they drive us nuts.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“I think it's the same with all the relationships between a man and a woman. They can survive anything so long as some kind of basic humanity exists between the two people. When all kindness has gone, when one person obviously and sincerely doesn't care if the other is alive or dead, then it's just no good.

-- from Quantum of Solace”
― Ian Fleming, For Your Eyes Only

“LADY BRACKNELL

To speak frankly, I am not in favour of long engagements. They give people the opportunity of finding out each other's character before marriage, which I think is never advisable.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest

“schools for love do not exist. everyone assumes that we will know how to love instinctively.
despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, we still accept that the family is the primary school for love.
those of us who do not learn how to love among family are expected to experience love in romantic relationships. however this love often eludes us.”
― bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions

“Our inventions are wont to be pretty toys, which distract our attention from serious things. They are but improved means to an unimproved end, an end which it was already but too easy to arrive at; as railroads lead to Boston or New York. We are in great haste to construct a magnetic telegraph from Maine to Texas; but Maine and Texas, it may be, have nothing important to communicate.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“Because of that she had never had enough energy to be herself, a person who, like everyone else in the world, needed other people in order to be happy. But other people were so difficult. They reacted in unpredictable ways, they surrounded themselves with defensive walls, they behaved just as she did, pretending they didn't care about anything. When someone more open to life appeared, they either rejected them outright or made them suffer, consigning them to being inferior, ingenuous.”
― Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die

“And you? Now that I have discovered you? Beautiful, dangerous, unleashed. Still I try to hold you, knowing that your body is faced with knives.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Gut Symmetries

“A rewarding relationship occurs when there is a common spiritual goal, shared spiritual values and a mutual desire to build a relationship upon a spiritual foundation and for the purpose of connecting to the light of the creator.”
― Yehuda Berg, The Kabbalah Book of Sex: And Other Mysteries of the Universe

“Why are poets so apt to choose their mates, not for any similarity of poetic endowment, but for qualities which might make the happiness of the rudest handicraftsman as well as that of the ideal craftsman of the spirit? Because, probably, at his highest elevation, the poet needs no human intercourse; but he finds it dreary to descend, and be a stranger.”
― Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables

“If I loved someone, I could never let him go away from me. I would be too miserable and lonely.”
― Valerie Tripp

“Life, weddings, relationships, road trips, gardening, making out, haircuts: few of the fun things in life always go as expected.”
― Ariel Meadow Stallings, Offbeat Bride: Taffeta-Free Alternatives for Independent Brides

“I wouldn't have cared if my girlfriend was a Jaguar-driving Cyclops with a beard - I'd have been grateful just to have someone to make out with.”
― John Green, Looking for Alaska

“Honor your relationships by developing listening skills.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“Was Deirdre right about me purposely wanting relationships that were impossible?”
― Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss

“Polyamorous people are wary of having others' values inflicted upon themselves, and so tend to stay very far away from making such pronouncements, to the point that they will actively ignore predatory behavior that is affecting their own "community.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“Okay, then, what was he like? Just give me something to go on so that I have a shot at him!'
'A shot at him? Are you on an elk hunt?”
― Sara Zarr, Sweethearts

“Hope is putting Faith "on the line" and expecting results!

(from Mission Possible - Spiritual Covering)”
― Deborah L. McCarragher, Mission Possible Spiritual Covering

“In our relationship, we have very well-defined roles: I am the Vice President of Logistics; he's the CEO of Emotional Support.”
― Ariel Meadow Stallings, Offbeat Bride: Taffeta-Free Alternatives for Independent Brides

“I slid down in the seat and began to weep. I wept for her, for me, but mostly because the siren call of my first big story with a yellow border around it was more powerful than the call of fatherhood.”
― Joe McNally, The Moment It Clicks: Photography Secrets from One of the World's Top Shooters

“I had an absurd desire to go down to her and make sure she was all right, and stay with her until dawn. I also had a fierce wish to bludgeon the two frat boys to death with a shovel.”
― Molly Ringle, Relatively Honest

“The heart of a person only beats when it's surrounded by blood, by family.”
― Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain

“In advising the heads of state to learn from tragedy rather than perpetuate its existence Robert Kennedy excalimed, "Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live." We have a tendency to dwell on tragedy and use it as a justification for tragic occurrences that follow,rather than parse the tragedy, taking from it important lessons and using those lessons to avoid similar tragedies.”
― Megan Karasch

“Naturally, I do blame Françoise. I blame her for having N in the first place. She was young, she was beautiful, she was married to a doctor, and she was intelligent. She could have abstained from producing her first son. It was wrong on a variety of levels.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“Relationships are physics. Time transforms things- it has to, because the change from me to we means clearing away the fortifications you'r put up around your old personality. Living with Susannah made me feel as if I started riding Einstein's famous theoretical bus. Here's my understanding of that difficult idea, nutshelled: if you're riding a magic Greyhound, equipped for light-speed travel, you'll actually live though less time than will any pedestrians whom the bus passes by. So, for a neighbor on the street with a stopwatch, the superfast bus will take two hours to travel from Point A to Point B. But where you're on that Greyhound, and looking at the wipe of the world out those rhomboidial coach windows, the same trip will take just under twenty-four minutes. Your neighbor, stopwatch under thumb, will have aged eighty-six percent more than you have. It's hard to fathom. But I think it's exactly what adult relationships do to us: on the outside, years pass, lives change. But inside, it's just a day that repeats. You and your partner age at the same clip; it seems not time has gone by. Only when you look up from your relationship- when you step off the bus, feel the ground under your shoes- do you sense the sly, soft absurdity of romance physics.”
― Darin Strauss, Half a Life

“Cáel sighed. “Look, right now? Either you want Rose, or you don’t. If you do—and, quite frankly, it’s obvious to me that you do—then give the woman a break and give yourself some credit for not being a whack job. Women are strange creatures, Gray, and she isn’t a mind reader. Who the hell knows what kind of conclusions she’s drawn over your behavior? Shit or get off the pot.”

It was a good thing Gray wasn’t drinking anything, or he’d have choked on that one. “That’s your advice on love? ‘Shit or get off the pot’?”
― Riley Shane, Blood Rose

“Although I notice there is never a truly good time to have a nice long chat with one´s mother-in-law, unless you are having an extraordinary life and marriage and your mother-in-law is, say, Maureen Dowd, or Indira Gandhi. Someone of that ilk.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“I write with the entire alphabet, not just the popular letters.

Readers don't want to lose themselves in the text. They want to find themselves in it.”
― Mark R. Trost, Post Marked

“They're horrible little creatures. All snot and smelly feet and pestering questions."

"Then why did you go into teaching?"

"It was either that or sit at home with Mother all day. I picked the lesser of two evils.”
― Brian Francis, Natural Order

“When I meet a woman whose energy falters at the first barrier,she seems to fade beside my mother.”
― Andrew Sean Greer,The story of a marriage

“Très, très, triste...”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“You can know a thing to death and be for all purposes completely ignorant of it. A man can know his father, or his son, and there might still be nothing between them but loyalty and love and mutual incomprehension.”
― Marilynne Robinson, Gilead

“Some cynical Frenchman has said that there are two parties to a love-transaction: the one who loves and the other who condescends to be so treated.”
― William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair

“They say you are not you except in terms of relation to other people. If there weren't any other people there wouldn't be any you because what you do, which is what you are, only has meaning in relation to other people.”
― Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men

“Après trois ans, un couple doit se quitter, se suicider, ou faire des enfants, ce qui sont trois façons d'entériner sa fin.”
― Frédéric Beigbeder, L'amour dure trois ans

“The trouble is, I can't find a part of myself where you're not important. I write in order to be worth your while and to finance the way I want to live with you. Not the way you want to live. The way I want to live with you. Without you I wouldn't care. I'd eat tinned spaghetti and put on yesterday's clothes. But as it is I change my socks, and make money, and tart up Brodie's unspeakable drivel into speakable drivel so he can be an author too, like me.”
― Tom Stoppard, The Real Thing

“While the primary function of formal Buddhist meditation is to create the possibility of the experience of "being," my work as a therapist has shown me that the demands of intimate life can be just as useful as meditation in moving people toward this capacity. Just as in formal meditation, intimate relationships teach us that the more we relate to each other as objects, the greater our disappointment. The trick, as in meditation, is to use this disappointment to change the way we relate.”
― Mark Epstein, Open to Desire: Embracing a Lust for Life - Insights from Buddhism and Psychotherapy

“Many aspects of our screen-bound lives are bad for our social skills simply because we get accustomed to controlling the information that comes in, managing our relationships electronically, deleting stuff that doesn't interest us. We edit the world; we select from menus; we pick and choose; our social 'group' focuses on us and disintegrates without us. This makes it rather confusing for us when we step outdoors and discover that other people's behaviour can't be deleted with a simple one-stroke command or dragged to the trash icon.”
― Lynne Truss, Talk to the Hand: The Utter Bloody Rudeness of the World Today, or Six Good Reasons to Stay Home and Bolt the Door

“In the world I lived in, the world of human people, there were ties and debts and consequences and good deeds. That was what bound people to society; maybe that was what constituted society. And I tried to live in my little niche in it the best way I could.”
― Charlaine Harris, Dead as a Doornail

“Błogosławiony ten, co nie mając nic do powiedzenia, nie obleka tego faktu w słowa.”
― Julian Tuwim

“...I try to incorporate life's lessons from everyone around me and pay it forward anytime I can. I look at every person I meet as a new and thrilling experience with which I'm gifted. Every new city or country or continent that I visit is a beautiful exploration from which I can learn. Every new client or project represents the possibility of meeting new people and having new adventures.”
― Andrea Michaels

“Suddenly the thought that the end of her life was imminent shocked him; it was one thing to pity someone he didn't know, quite another to face the same dilemma with someone he knew intimately. That was the trouble with beds. They turned strangers into intimates more quickly than ten years of polite teas in parlours.”
― Colleen McCullough, The Ladies of Missalonghi

“More than anything I wish he were here with me. "A relationship is an accumulation of shared history," he'd said to me once. And here I was making history without him. It's lonely. And I can't wait to go home. Parts of me are showing through my Aqua, and I'm having a hard time keeping them separate.”
― Josh Kilmer-Purcell, I Am Not Myself These Days

“I am sorry the only outlet for her troubled mind was in clumsy foreplay with an inadequate partner."

He threw the rest of her sandwich at the swinging door as she passed through it.”
― Jennifer Armintrout, Ashes to Ashes

“We have to live like people in a web of knives, we mustn't reach out our hands or we get them gashed.”
― Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry

“You have made him live.”
― Jude Morgan, Indiscretion

“More than friends, eh? More than friends... You know, my mother once told me that half of the hatred that springs up between people is rooted in this mistaken belief that there's any human relationship more sacred than friendship.”
― Helen Oyeyemi, Gingerbread

“How do I feel today? I feel as unfit as an unfiddle,
And it is the result of a certain turbulence in the mind and an uncertain burbulence in the middle.
What was it, anyway, that angry thing that flew at me?
I am unused to banshees crying Boo at me.
Your wife can’t be a banshee—
Or can she?”
― Ogden Nash, The Private Dining-room and Other Verses

“I have produced no children of my own and my husband is dead," she replied, an acid tone in her voice. "Thus I am more to be pitied than revered. I am expected to give up the shop to my nephew, who will then be able to afford to bring a very good wife from Pakistan. In exchange, I will be given houseroom and no doubt, the honor of taking care of several small children of other family members."

The Major was silent. He was at once appalled and also reluctant to hear any more. This was why people usually talked about the weather.”
― Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand

“Maybe he was old-fashioned, but to him a couple meant a strong bond, with positive and negative charges constantly arcing between them.”
― Stewart O'Nan, Songs for the Missing

“There was no singles problem until singles got so single-minded that they stopped wasting time with anyone ineligible. Before that, it was understood that one of society's main tasks was matchmaking. People with lifelong friendships and ties to local nonprofessional organizations did not have to fear that isolation would accompany retirement, old age, or losing a spouse. Overburdened householders could count on the assistance not only of their own extended families, but of the American tradition of neighborliness.”
― Judith Martin, Common Courtesy: In Which Miss Manners Solves the Problem That Baffled Mr. Jefferson

“My Miracle, living through a Traumatic brain Injury”
― Rodney Barnes

“In the long history of male and female relations all the way back to the Garden, I can't think of one in which a woman's anger ever won over a man.”
― Marie Arana, Lima Nights

“She wrote a long letter on a short piece of paper”
― travel schedule

“Can I have a glass of water?" Her voice was hoarse, probably from screaming. She'd always sounded like that after they'd-

He didn't just force the thought aside. He clubbed it unconscious, threw it into a crawl space and walled it up alive.”
― Jennifer Armintrout, Ashes to Ashes

“Even now, he is every blue blazer getting into cab, every runner along the river,every motorcycle coming and going.”
― Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing

“On se réconcilie avec un ennemi qui nous est inférieur pour les qualités du coeur ou de l'esprit ; on ne pardonne jamais à celui qui nous surpasse par l'âme et le génie.”
― Chateaubriand

“Each store will fulfil some of your needs, but no individual store can meet all of your needs. Learning how to set realistic expectations now and in future relationships requires you to examine each of the existing stores to see what they can offer.”
― Janet Crain

“We are aware that blaming and arguing can never help us and only create a wider gap between us; that only understanding, trust, and love can help us change and grow”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“When restless sexual desire arises, we pay attention to it with enough understanding and enough love that it dissipates and does not grow.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“My need to show what I can do is keeping me from finding out what other people can do and what we can do together.”
― Kate Murphy

“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
― Rashedur Ryan Rahman

“It's hard to experience desire when you're weighted down by concern.”
― Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic

“Doing something later is not automatically the same as doing something better”
― Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter - And How to Make the Most of Them Now

“It's probably not easy for a woman to understand what it's like to be a man. Imagine you're starving, and someone puts a huge buffet in front of you. There's delicious, mouth-watering food all around you, and it's really really hard not to eat it all. That's what it's like to be a man around attractive women. The urge to want to hump everything that moves is part of a man's natural programming. It's a deep-seated hunger. To suppress that hunger takes civilization and a lot of willpower.”
― Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends

“Be honest. This applies to every area of your life. Sketchiness is not an attractive trait. No more trying to cover up your baggage, sweeping things under the rug, withholding truth, blatant lying, or even telling seemingly ‘harmless’ white lies or half-truths – release the need to lie completely! Start NOW.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“You’re my princess, right? You were always going to be my princess, no matter what you were born, no matter who your dad married.”
― Marissa Meyer, Winter

“Being in a relationship with some people is like pushing a boat through sand. I used to have the time and energy for that kind of nonsense, but not anymore. Relationships should be a wonderful journey of exploration and love; not grinding resistance.”
― Steve Maraboli

“We draw into our life those who will help us to grow. Naturally, we tend to have mixed feelings about those very people but they are marked for us. We have forgotten that we wrote them an invitation some time ago. We look at them as if they are intruders when all along they are our guests.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“Relationships are about taking off the mask you wear to make someone like you and letting them see the real you. The one you hid all the time. The one you never thought was good enough to find love in the first place.”
― Soman Chainani, Quests for Glory

“It's the in-between, the sustenance, not just the gears and bolts that make a human. When you forget to find out how the person was built—the oil, chemistry, and the craft—you miss all the beauty.”
― Piper Payne, White Lies

“The idea that we can be exactly what the other desires is a powerful fantasy.”
― Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other

“Fine! He is being passive aggressive with me, and it's gonna backfire; I'm gonna be active friendly.”
― Natalya Vorobyova, Better to be able to love than to be loveable

“We have already said more goodbyes than are necessary. Those were goodbyes that brought about the end of partings. We taught each other that no parting is possible.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“I had begun to feel that life was a repetition of the same thing; that there was nothing new either in me or in him; and that, on the contrary, we kept going back as it were on what was old.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness

“Tell them there are no holes for your fingers in the masks of
men. Tell them how could you ever even hope to love what you can't
grab onto.”
― David Foster Wallace, Girl with Curious Hair

“You can turn every ugly and damaging drama into a genuine blessing by seeing it differently. No one is suffering on purpose. We learn to give up the pleasure we feel in self-righteously blaming others. Healing happens when we see things differently. The question is: do you want suffering or peace? It's that simple.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“...it is not always possible to restore one’s boundaries after they have been blurred and made permeable by a relationship: try as we might, we cannot reconstitute ourselves as the autonomous beings we previously imagined ourselves to be. Something of us is now outside, and something of the outside is now within us.”
― Mohsin Hamid, The Reluctant Fundamentalist

“More than nakedness,
for there is no cover to take.
The fire in your eyes
is ringed with water; wide and cool.
We are far from the brutal place,
but you do not think so.
You take my hand
and disappear like you were never there,
except that I am now somewhere else.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“I know the you who’s in the margins. I know you’re thinking hard about what you want and why– more than some people ever do. I know you can take on a challenge and kick its ass. And I know you’ve tried harder to understand me than anyone has in a long time.”
― Doug Dorst, S.

“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“She: So where do we go from here?
He: Nowhere!
She: What do you mean?
He: You go your way and I go mine!
She: Can we have a future together?
He: I don't settle down! I am the wanderer and wandering is my destiny!”
― Avijeet Das

“Cultivating loving kindness for ourselves is the foundation of real love for our friends and family, for new people we encounter in our daily lives, for all beings and for life itself.”
― Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection

“We make people special to us, believing that they can save us. When one thing doesn’t work, we look somewhere else to be saved. We rarely question the concept, itself. Sometimes, we don’t look to another person to save us but to money, acknowledgement, a title, a cause, a notion of ourselves. None of it can save us. We travel the path in different ways; some are polite, some are ruthless, some are clever, some are instinctive. In the end, it all leads to the same despairing place. In the unsuspecting quiet moments, there it is; a sense of peace and a feeling that everything is fine without searching for anything to be saved by.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“There is a depth to life which only comes from our connection to other people. However, we have to find it without becoming a prisoner.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“Every grievance you hold hides a little more of the light of the world from your eyes until the darkness becomes overwhelming. Everything you forgive restores that light. So ask yourself, who is it that you are really hurting?”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“If love isn't there, nothing will grow. If it is, there is always hope and it will win in the end. Love is vital and sacrosanct.”
― Donna Goddard

“You don't need passwords, you don't want to check phones. Sometimes you only want the other person to just tell you the truth!”
― Manasa Rao Saarloos

“You know, when you come to think about it, it's a wonder women have anything to do with men at all, and no surprise that men have devised all kinds of schemes to bind women to them, like not giving them any money. If you had your choice of sleeping with a beautiful soft creature or a large hard one, which would you pick? I mean, if they both had the same amount of money?”
― Eve Babitz, Slow Days, Fast Company: The World, the Flesh, and L.A.: Tales

“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
― Compton Gage

“I'm tired of being inside my head. I want to live out here, with you.”
― Colleen McCarty, Mounting the Whale

“You will say good-bye for all the right reasons. You're tired of living in wait for his apocalypse. You have your own fight on your hands, and though it's no bigger or more noble than his, it will require all of your energy.

It's you who has to hold on to earth. You have to tighten your grip -- which means letting go of him.”
― Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing

“It's ok to be a fool once or twice but never let it be a third time. Be smart and pretend to be a fool and at the end of the hunt make sure you're the one that has the gun.”
― Surgeo Bell

“What's the use of complaining about something you have no intentions of changing it?”
― Mario L Castellanos

“I hope you read this, whoever you are, and imagine that there is a hypothetical person out there who needs your love, has been waiting silently, patiently for it all his life, is flawed and downright ugly at times and yet would have just eaten up any tiny bit of affection you had been willing to give, had you ever stopped your own happy life to notice. And then imagine that this hypothetical person is real, because he probably is.... Wish I’d met you. Wish I wasn’t your hypothetical. But you’re reading this, which means a few minutes ago, I went into that bathroom and pulled the trigger. You probably heard it. Sorry. You’re welcome. Thank you. And please. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please.”
― Charles Yu, Sorry Please Thank You

“Claiming to love self, but willingly default to cheating at the first sign of trouble is nothing short of playing yourself. Your ego may feel avenged - temporarily - but your heart and soul, the true self, will suffer the long term affects of karma's justifiable sting.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“There are moments in relationship when you didn't speak, you didn't have to; but you talked a lot.”
― Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love

“If you stand right at the edge of the night sky, some place where one o’clock leaves to meet two, the breeze will carry your words up to the stars. And they’ll swallow your secrets until its time to hand them over to the truths in the sky- the ones that draw maps in the black.

They carve their answers into the backs of my hands, the grooves of the words running deep in my palms.”
― Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts

“I am not looking for a "perfect" man. Only one who matches me on an emotional, spiritual, sexual, and intellectual level.”
― Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable

“For the life of me I cannot remember, what made us think that we were wise and we'd never compromise. For the life of me I cannot believe we'd ever die for these sins, we were merely freshmen.”
― The Verve Pipe

“All men are born firstly with the instinct to protect themselves. But few grow to really love themselves, and even fewer learn to love their neighbor as themselves.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“One thing I have come to realize is that love is not always happiness.”
― Jerhia

“Sometimes we place faith in the wrong people for the right reasons. We're too blind to their faults, and they're too blind to appreciate us.
—Brighton Hayes”
― Kelli McCracken, Heartstrings

“That’s the thing about love
It can take you up to the mountaintop and can drop you
And the impact will either kill you or make you a new person”
― Kehinde Sonola, Klosophy

“If you behave in a manner that poisons your relationship, don’t be surprised when it dies.”
― Steve Maraboli

“And me, standing under the splintered night,
catching fractured glimpses into the black behind the black,
hearing the prayers of stars, the angry whispers of the dark summer night.

Its voice cracks,
on your name.

My eyes close,
on your name.”
― Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts

“I spent half my childhood trying to be like my dad. True for most boys, I think. It turns with adolescence. The last thing I wanted was to be like my dad. It took becoming a man to realize how lucky I’d been. It took a few hard knocks in life to make me realize the only thing my dad had ever wanted or worked for was to give me a chance at being better than him.”
― Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season

“I had a dream about you. At first you were a mannequin, and I was a fashion designer. Then, inexplicably, we switched roles and I became the mannequin. But instead of putting clothes on me, you laughed at my nakedness, and you sold me to the owner of a sex shop. ”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, I Had a Dream About You

“You know what I love? The spaces between I love you. The tap of your fork against the plate and how my cup of wine clicks against our table. The scratchy voice coming from the radio in the other room. The quiet sound of your hand reaching across the table and whispering over mine. How your voice sounds like your mouth on the back of my neck. The soft murmur of our easy conversation.

Between these quiet Tuesday night routines, following every comma and right after every pause for breath, is I, love, and you. In the middle of every I love you is a sink full of dishes, whisper of socked feet tangled in white sheets, and gentle kisses against curved cheeks. We lyric ourselves into the laundry that needs to be finished, into the ends of every smile that follows me repeating your name. We write ourselves into the grocery bags we need to carry, the cracks running up our rented walls, the sides of the bed we choose to drag up the sails of heavy eyed dreams.

Like the spaces between our fingers, in the spaces between I, love, and you, we wait.

The in-betweens have always been my favorite.”
― Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts

“I had a dream about you. You were you, but you were many—a multitude of mannequins, each named Manny. And I was me, but I was Dark Jar Tin Zoo, and as such I made love to you—all of you. Then I woke up alone, naked, cuddling a mannequin I named after you who smells like you, because I spray it with the same fragrance you used to wear. Is that crazy? No, I didn’t think so either. ”
― Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You

“i want to say to her: i just want to be myself. and i want to be with someone who's just himself. that's all. i want to see through all the performance and all the pretending and get right to the truth.”
― David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson

“If one does not make an ego out of gender, one would still know whether one is a man or a woman, gay, straight, bisexual, transgender—whatever else we may think of. But those identities need to fit very loosely and be worn very lightly. All sense of privilege or deprivation that has developed around one’s gender identity, all rigidity regarding proper roles and behaviors for the various genders, must be cut through.”
― Rita M. Gross

“The Auden/Kallman relationship had this to be said for it: It affirmed that it's better to be blatant than latent.”
― Christopher Hitchens

“I don’t have cookie-cutter relationships, Rumi. Women aren’t iPhone apps that I download and discard!”
― Natasha Ahmed

“I had a dream about you. You had no skin or muscle on your face, and to try to conceal your bare skull you liberally applied lipstick and makeup. Your birthday was coming up, and I knew you were probably sensitive about parties that emphasize the aging process, so I decided to box up your gift in a coffin and wrap it with black wrapping paper. I got you the best gift ever too—a hooker, who happened to be dead, because that enabled me to procure a sizeable discount. ”
― Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You

“I think this is why Ellis took so many moving pictures of us. Because he knew that people come in and out of your life, and a picture fixes them in the moment they reach out to you.”
― Zu Vincent, The Lucky Place

“The greater part of a men who speak ill of women are speaking of a certain woman.”
― Remy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques

“I had a dream about you. We were in a canoe, and we were paddling across the desert. You said you were thirsty, and I pointed to the sand that surrounded us and said, “No, I will not urinate in your mouth.” At that point I woke up, because I realized I really had to pee—and get a drink of water. ”
― Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You

“You want my advice? Put down your phone. Hug her from behind and kiss the back of her neck. Entwine your fingers with hers…. You’re welcome.”
― Steve Maraboli

“I want to tell [him] everything - everything that has ever happened to me, every observation I have ever had, and I want to share every book, song, or movie I have ever loved”
― Jessica Pan, Graduates in Wonderland: The International Misadventures of Two (Almost) Adults

“I took it for granted that there must be a few men left in the world who had that kind of strength. I assumed that those men would also be looking for women with principle. I did not want to be among the marked-down goods on the bargain table, cheap because they’d been pawed over. Crowds collect there. It is only the few who will pay full price. "You get what you pay for.”
― Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control

“When we do the hard, intimate work of friendship, we bring a little more of the divine into daily life.”
― Shauna Niequist, Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life

“It is harder, usually, to find a person who wants to walk the streets of me, to taste the teas of my country, to... immigrate, you could say.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest

“One as deformed and horrible as myself, could not deny herself to me. My companion must be of the same species, and have the same defects... with whom I can live in the interchange of those sympathies necessary for my being...”
― Mary Shelley, Frankenstein

“... relationships required such vigilance, such attention. You had to hold them together by force of will, and other people took up so much space, demanded so much time. It was exhausting.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest

“I'm always looking for what will make me whole. What will make me happy? Somewhere along the way I started to think it wasn't Helen anymore. She hasn't changed. Her laugh is still the one I remember. Her finger is still the one I put the ring on all those years ago. I can't understand why I don't want to curve next to her, keep her back warm anymore. Surely you don't lose love like keys?”
― Cath Crowley, The Life and Times of Gracie Faltrain

“People change us. It is a rare, if not an impossible occurrence, that we come out of relationships unscathed. In our dealings with people we take something with us and we leave something behind. Some people are haunted more than others, either by the sweet perfume of another or the stink of regret.”
― Donna Lynn Hope

“Let them see that you trust them & let them solve their own problems, make their own decisions.Do that & they will commit their lives to you. Bully the, control them out of fear or malice or just for your own convenience, & after a while you'll have to spend all your time thinking for them, controlling them, & stifling their resentment.”
― Octavia E. Butler, Fledgling

“Build me up and I with you. For we are more one than two.”
― Deborah Day

“I will be on the look out for you, my dear girl," he wrote. "You must expect to give yourself up when you come." For this buttoned-up age, for Burnham, it was a letter that could have steamed itself open.”
― Erik Larson, The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair That Changed America

“Men, being accustomed to act on reflection themselves, are a great deal too apt to believe that women act on reflection, too. Women do nothing of the sort. They act on impulse; and, in nine cases out of ten, they are heartily sorry for it afterward.”
― Wilkie Collins, No Name

“Time grants a unique perspective which allows us to see events through a filter of accumulated wisdom.”
― Christopher Earle

“I knew her so well that I loved her, or maybe I loved her so well that I knew her. I didn't want to fight her anymore. I wanted to quit. I wanted to go home. So I blew up her planet.”
― Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead

“...it is never safe to classify the souls of one's neighbors; one is apt, in the long run, to be proved a fool. You should regard each meeting with a friend as a sitting he is unwillingly giving you for a portrait -- a portrait that, probably, when you or he die, will still be unfinished. And, though this is an absorbing pursuit, nevertheless, the painters are apt to end pessimists. For however handsome and merry may be the face, however rich the background, in the first rough sketch of each portrait, yet with every added stroke of the brush, with every tiny readjustment of the 'values,' with every modification of the chiaroscuro, the eyes looking out at you grow more disquieting. And, finally, it is your own face that you are staring at in terror, as in a mirror by candle-light, when all the house is still.”
― Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist

“At first, you fall in love. You wake in the morning woozy and your twilight is lit with astral violet light. You spelunk down into each other until you come to possess some inner vision of each other that becomes one thing. Us. Together. And time passes. Like the forming of Earth itself, volcanoes rise and spew lava. Oceans appear. Rock plates shift. Sea turtles swim half the ocean to lay eggs on the mother island; songbirds migrate over continents for berries from a tree. You evolve--cosmically and geologically. You lose each other and find each other again. Every day. Until love gathers the turtles and the birds of your world and encompasses them, too.”
― Michael Paterniti, Driving Mr. Albert: A Trip Across America with Einstein's Brain

“I would see him, Edward.'
It was no request; he knew it to be an ultimatum. He shook his head violently, not trusting his voice. Time passed. She was staring at him, saying nothing, and on her face was a look of stunned disbelief, of anguished accusation he knew would haunt him for the rest of his life. But when she spoke, her voice held no hint of tears. It was not a voice to offer either understanding or absolution, spoke of no quarter given, of a lifetime of love denied.
'God may forgive you for this,' she said, very slowly and distinctly, 'but I never shall.”
― Sharon Kay Penman, The Sunne in Splendour

“I knew I was waiting for someone I didn't understand.”
― Megan Mayhew Bergman, Birds of a Lesser Paradise: Stories

“Your words like wings gravity they defy.
My heart like a leaf on the wind catchin' rides.
We make too much sense to foolishly pass it by.
So I'm taking a rainbow up to the 5th floor.
Steppin' out to see that you're really worth more.”
― Group 1 Crew

“They shared a laugh, and then the silence that so often intruded on their discussion asserted itself once again, a gap born of equal parts weariness, familiarity and--conversely--the many differences that fate had created between those who had once gone about lives that were but variations on a single melody.”
― Christopher Paolini, Brisingr

“I never told her the other story, in which she stars, in which she is always the heroine – a romanticized story full of cliché images in which I am telling her all the things there has not been enough time for, in which we are doing all the things there has not been time for…”
― Penelope Lively, Moon Tiger

“I could tell you of occasionally, every eon, meeting a person, with whom I might stay for a billion years. But what of it? After a billion years there is nothing left to say, and you wander apart, uncaring in the end.”
― Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell

“There was a considerable difference between the ages of my parents, but this circumstance seemed to unite them only closer in bonds of devoted affection.”
― Mary Shelley, Frankenstein

“But we'd only had so many nights together, and the notebook had so many pages, and the world was never going to get bigger.”
― Jennifer R. Hubbard, The Secret Year

“But men and women are different in the way that they feel loved. Men like to be admired for what they do, for their integrity and their accomplishments, whether it’s at work or at the gym or mowing the lawn, because it makes them feel manly. When a woman tells a man that she is proud of him, or she tells him that he did a good job, he’ll about bend over backwards to take care of her and love her.”

“But women like attention from men, because it makes them feel feminine and adored. That’s why they’re always fixin’ themselves up, doing their hair, wearing pretty clothes and makeup and jewelry and perfume. It’s all to attract your attention, you know.” (Thelma Jenkins)”
― Carol McCormick

“because in the past words have only driven them apart.”
― Jodi Picoult, Picture Perfect

“I long ago developed a very practical smile, which I call my "Noh smile" because it resembles a Noh mask whose features are frozen. Its advantage is that men can interpret it however they want; you can imagine how often I've relied on it.”
― Arthur Golden Memoirs of a Geisha

“Learning the difference between God's intervention, the devil's mischief, and PMS can lead to increased happiness.”
― JP Galuska

“There was once a spirited feral mustang broken in by her stern rider. It was a harmonious relationship for the most part but, like any relationship, she tested the boundaries he placed on her and threw him...Would the rider, having suffered his own wound, retaliate, discipline or forgive?”
― Donna Lynn Hope

“But I want to see Clara, Charlie's friend, who's right up my street. I want to see her because I don't know where my street is; I don't even know which part of town it's in, which city, which country, so maybe she'll enable me to get my bearings.”
― Nick Hornby, High Fidelity

“Sabrina Thomas clutched the leather-bound notebook to her chest and tried not to be impatient as the elevator in the south tower of Texas Hospital near downtown Dallas stopped once again on its climb to the eighteenth and top floor. But it was difficult.
Dr. Cade Mathis, the bane of her existence, would reach Mrs. Ward’s room first and then there’d be hell to pay. Sabrina jabbed the button to close the doors as soon as the last person stepped onto the already crowded elevator.”
― Francis Ray When Morning Comes

“You can have a pet zebra and put that zebra into a small cage every day and tell the zebra that you love it, but no matter how you and the zebra love each other, the fact remains, that the zebra should be let out of that cage and should belong to someone who can treat it better, the way it should be treated, someone who can make it happy.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“When jealousy rears up, it indicates that something inside of you is afraid. It's an alarm, nothing less and nothing more. Treat it as such.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“To the immature, other people are not real.”
― Harry and Bonaro Overstreet

“So, a little advice. Relax. You're not filling a job position. You're looking for a pleasant acquaintance.. who might become a good friend... who turns out to be attractive to your senses... and a rewarding lover... then a committed partner whose heart will not stray. If you don't see those signposts and in that order, then you're probably on the wrong road and getting more lost with every step.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“It suddenly struck me that Dawsey is a lonesome person. I think it may be that he has always been lonely, but he didn't mind before, and now he minds.”
― Annie Barrows, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society

“The only humility that is really ours is not that which we try to show before God in prayer, but that which we carry with us, and carry out, in our ordinary conduct; the insignficances of daily life are the importances and the tests of eternity, because they prove what really is the spirit that possesses us.”
― Andrew Murray, Humility: The Journey Toward Holiness

“We are raised to believe (on the surface, at least) that us humans only have so much love to give, and that it comes in a standard round unit: one. After all, we associate love with the heart, and, well, you've either got a whole heart, or you're dead, period. You can't, common wisdom goes, just run around dividing that one heart up freely; to claim to do so means that you're either a fool, or you're dividing up something that is dead.”
― Anthony Ravenscroft

“When you begin with the premise "I treat everyone equally," you have already blinkered yourself from seeing where you don't, or can't, or shouldn't. There is no way to treat two people equally, because they are each unique, with respective strengths and weaknesses.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“It's a false premise to say that most monogamous people have chosen monogamy. Most people belong to the religion they were raised in...because that's what's familiar. That's the milieu they grew up in, and, for better or worse, they're just continuing the pattern. Until this traditionalist mindset is shaken loose, you would likely try from reflex to impose notions onto nonmonogamy that are not only untenable in the new context but spel sudden and messy doom even in situations that otherwise could be worked out.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“It's your world, but I make my way in it. At fifteen, no, I couldn't stand up to you. The age of illusions, when we know nothing, we hope for everything; we're wandering in a mist ... And the half of the world that's never had any use for us, suddenly is besieging us. You need us, you adore us, you're suffering for us. You want everything--except to know what we think. You look deep in our eyes--and put your hand up our dress. You call us, "Pretty thing." That confuses us. The most beautiful woman, the highest ranked, lives half dazzled by constant attention, half stifled by obvious contempt. We think all we're good for is pleasing you--till one day, long acquaintance with you dispels the last mist. In a clear light, we suddenly see you as you are--and generally we start preferring ourselves. At thirty, I could finally say no--or really say yes. That's when you begin backing away from us. Now I'm full-grown. I pursue my happiness the same as any man.”
― Pierre-Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais, The Marriage of Figaro (Le Nozze Di Figaro): Vocal Score

“Polyamory is differentiable from some other forms of nonmonogamy (including adultery) in that it is future-oriented. Poly relationships are not located solely in the moment, but have intentions (though perhaps tacit and vaguely defined) of at least adding to a base of experience possibly so far as signifying a life-long and emotionally attached commitment.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“...whenever a woman describes a man as sweet, the dalliance is doomed.”
― Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin

“The red firelight glowed on their two bonny heads and revealed their faces, animated with the eager interest of children; for, though he was twenty-three and she eighteen, each had so much of novelty to feel, and learn, that neither experienced nor evinced the sentiments of sober disenchanted maturity.”
― Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights

“Use every opportunity of humbling yourself before your fellow-men as a help to abide humble before God.”
― Andrew Murray, Humility: The Journey Toward Holiness

“Time for us began to be measured by moments when we spoke, and moments when we longed to speak again.”
― Richie Singh, Chasing Butterflies

“....though modern Marriage is a tremendous laboratory, its members are often utterly without preparation for the partnership function. How much agony and remorse and failure could have been avoided if there had been at least some rudimentary learning before they entered the partnership....And that statement is equally valid for all relationships.”
― Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other

“In a sane world, a term like "chronic crisis" would be instantly seen by anone as an oxymoron. Nevertheless, that's the state that many of us Western Worlders live in, provoking crisis after crisis so that we can justify our dis-ease rather than addressing that directly.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“Relationships tend to be flawed because they are made up of inherently flawed components, mere human beings.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“Joe Spork opens the door. The man departs. Joe turns to Polly to say something about how they’re obviously not going to Portsmouth, and finds an oyster knife balanced on his cheek, just under his eye.

“Can we be very clear,” Polly Cradle murmurs, “that I am not your booby sidekick or your Bond girl? That I am an independent supervillain in my own right?”

Joe swallows. “Yes, we can,” he says carefully.

“There will therefore be no more ‘Say hello, Polly’?”

“There will not.”
― Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker

“Attitude determines Altitude.
Winners never quit.
No venture, No gain.”
― Stella Oladiran

“Marriage is just an elaborate game that allows two selfish people to periodically feel that they're not.”
― Paul Reiser, Couplehood

“That's where your definition of attachment comes in. I'm in a monogamous relationship with two people.”
― Robert Downs, Falling Immortality

“I do not know, at this point, whether Joshua Joseph Spork is the man of my life. He could be. I have given it considerable thought. The jury is still out. The issue between you and me is that you wish to deprive me of the opportunity to find out. Joe Spork is not yours to give or to withhold from me, Mr. Cummerbund. He is mine, until I decide otherwise. You have caused him grief, sullied his name, and you have hurt him. If anyone is going to make him weep, or lie about him, or even do bad things to him, it is me.”
― Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker

“Pa never told stories like Grandpa. Or treated the barn like family. Eli knew how Grandpa’s own pa had built the barn by hand, hauling bluestone for the foundation behind a stubborn ox with horns as wide as a tractor. How the smell of the plank walls was like family and how you never washed your chore coat so the animals would smell that you were family, too.”
― Sandra Neil Wallace

“He ran his fingers over the moist ends of her hair and across her face. Her eyes were wet. Jesus Christ. How many nights had he heard Lily crying. As some parents sleep through fire, thunderstorms, and voices at the back door only to wake at a child’s whisper, so Everett heard Lily crying at night. Her muffled sobs seemed to have broken his dreams for years. He had heard her even at Fort Lewis, even in Georgia, finally at Bliss. That was Lily crying in the wings whenever the priest came to tear up his mother’s grave. Lily cried in the twilight field where he picked wild poppies with Martha; Lily’s was the cry he heard those nights the kiln burned, the levee broke, the ranch went to nothing.”
― Joan Didion, Run River

“I wondered straightaway how he could sit at peace there, of an evening, with the row of heads staring down at him. There were no pictures, no flowers: only the heads of chamois. The concession to melody was the radiogram and the stack of records of classical music.

Foolishly, I had asked, "Why only chamois?"

He answered at once, "They fear Man."

This might have led to an argument about animals in general, domestic, wild, and those which adapt themselves to the whims and vagaries of the human race; but instead he changed the subject abruptly, put on a Sibelius record, and presently made love to me, intently but without emotion. I was surprised but pleased. I thought, "We are suited to one another. There will be no demands. Each of us will be self-contained and not beholden to the other."

All this came true, but something was amiss. There was a flaw - not only the nonappearance of children, but a division of the spirit. The communion of flesh which brought us together was in reality a chasm, and I despised the bridge we made. Perhaps he did as well. I had been endeavouring for ten years to build for my self a ledge of safety. ("The Chamois")”
― Daphne du Maurier, Echoes from the Macabre: Selected Stories

“Marriage is more about snore strips and flannel nightgowns than candlelight dinners.”
― Barbara Bartlein, Why Did I Marry You Anyway?: Overcoming the Myths That Hinder a Happy Marriage

“...we are taught to put fun and serious pursuits on a continuum as opposed extremes, when this dichotomy is entirely false, made even worse when we act as though we can instantly exchange one for the other...Exerting yourself at a task that is serious and rewarding can still be quite fun, but doing something fun because you have a neurotic need to pack your life full of un is pretty much a guarantee that any long-term benefits you derive will be entirely happenstance.”
― Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory

“And then I met the most wonderful boy in the world. We would take long walks by the river. We spent hours gazing into each others eyes. We were so very much in love. And then one day, he went away. And I thought I'd die, but I didn't. And when I didn't, I said to myself... is that all there is to love?”
― The Nines

“The self is constituted within a variety of arenas and in relation to multiple traditions. Self-hood, on this understanding, is both provisional and open-ended, and critically depends on the configuration of relationships between one’s own groups and those cultures and values that are deemed ‘other’. The regulation of alterity becomes a defining attribute of self-hood, as my sense of who I am is crucially mediated by an understanding of that which I am not (paraphrasing William Connolly).”
― Michael Kenny, The Politics of Identity: Liberal Political Theory and the Dilemmas of Difference

“But nearly every woman I know has a roughly similar story - in fact, dozens of them: stories about being obsessed with a celebrity, work colleague or someone they vaguely knew for years; living in a parallel world in their head; conjuring up endless plots and scenarios for this thing that never actually happened.”
― Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman

“Bad luck with women is a determined man's road to success. For every affliction, he makes, out of indignation, yet another advancement in order to exceed the man that the woman chose over him. This goes to show that great men are made great because they once learned how to fight the feeling of rejection.”
― Criss Jami, Venus in Arms

“She serves me a piece of it a few minutes
out of the oven. A little steam rises
from the slits on top. Sugar and spice -
cinnamon - burned into the crust.
But she's wearing these dark glasses
in the kitchen at ten o'clock
in the morning - everything nice -
as she watches me break off
a piece, bring it to my mouth,
and blow on it. My daughter's kitchen,
in winter. I fork the pie in
and tell myself to stay out of it.
She says she loves him. No way
could it be worse.”
― Raymond Carver

“This does not escape my notice, it is a context. I resent the fact of a context; my social status has shifted and no one is going to acknowldege it, that´s certain. I´m expected to be Brave and Rise Above. I dress for the role; I must look far better now that I did when I was married. I must look pulled together into a nice tight Hermès knot of self-containment. I don´t make the rules; I just do my best to follow them.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“There is that, and there is also the Irreconcilable Differences line. It seems so catchall, so vague. You could say that about anyone, any man and woman at all. Jesus and Mary Magdalene: "Irreconcilable Differences." JFK and Jackie, anyone at all. It´s built into the man-woman thing. What kind of paltry reason is that? "Insanity" is another box to be checked on the divorce petition, the only alternative to "Irreconcilable Differences." I would like to check it.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“Dear 2600: I think my girlfriend has been cheating on me and I wanted to know if I could get her password to Hotmail and AOL. I am so desperate to find out. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks.

And this is yet another popular category of letter we get. You say any help would be appreciated? Let’s find out if thats true. Do you think someone who is cheating on you might also be capable of having a mailbox you don’t know about? Do you think that even if you could get into the mailbox she uses that she would be discussing her deception there, especially if we live in a world where Hotmail and AOL passwords are so easily obtained? Finally, would you feel better if you invaded her privacy and found out that she was being totally honest with you? Whatever problems are going on in this relationship are not going to be solved with subterfuge. If you can’t communicate openly, there’s not much there to salvage.”
― Emmanuel Goldstein, Dear Hacker: Letters to the Editor of 2600

“Beside her, she can feel each breath he draws. How is it possible to be so close to a person and still not know what you are to each other? With baseball, it's simple. There's no mystery to what happens on the field because everything has a label -- full count, earned run, perfect game -- and there's a certain amount of comfort in this terminology. There's no room for confusion and Ryan wishes now that everything could be so straightforward. But then Nick pulls her closer, and she rests her head on his chest, and nothing seems more important that this right here.”
― Jennifer E. Smith, The Comeback Season

“She had searched for just the right guy; sensitive and gentle and willing to wait. Quite a long search, of course. She was looking for some imaginary man who cared more about having someone to talk to and see movies with than he needed to have sex, because she was just Not Ready for That.
Did I say imaginary? Well yes. Human men are not like that.”
― Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter

“To keep myself from harming or calling N and to stave off the rage and despair, I focus on my extraordinary son, drink midrange Chardonnay every night after he is asleep, and make a barrage of late-night mail-order retail purchases placed from the couch. The couch has officially become my second battle station. I am angry and I have credit And I´m all blackened inside; I should wear a pointy witch hat around Larkspur as I go to the bank and drop A off at day care. It would be more honest.”
― Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce

“All I can think is that I want her more than anything. I want her more than I've ever wanted anything, ever.”
― Angela Johnson, The First Part Last

“Mom actually said that?" Cassie's face shown with happiness. "She always hated my math!"

"Nah," Martin said. "She was just being that way for you. She thought it was what you needed to hear. If parents told us what they really think about stuff, we could figure them out like regular people.”
― Clare B. Dunkle, The Sky Inside

“When I opened my case in the hotel, he gestured excitedly at my snakeskin sandals, turquoise suede wedges and silver-speckled jellies. “But you’ve loads of shoes,” he bellowed joyfully. I shook my head sadly. Men just don’t get it, do they? They’re definitely missing the shoe chromosome.”
― Marian Keyes, Under the Duvet: Shoes, Reviews, Having the Blues, Builders, Babies, Families and Other Calamities

“A society which sees her modesty or her "hang-ups" as a problem is necessarily a society which will not be able to get him to commit. Conversely, a society which respected modesty, or what now goes by "hang-ups", was one in which men were obligated.”
― Wendy Shalit, A Return to Modesty: Discovering the Lost Virtue

“Pablo's many stories and reminiscences about Olga and Marie-Thérese and Dora Maar, as well as their continuing presence just offstage in our own life together, gradually made me realize that he had a kind of Bluebeard complex that made him want to cut off the heads of all women he had collected in his private museum. But he didn't cut the heads entirely off. He preferred to have life go on and to have all those women who had shared his life at one moment or another still letting out little peeps and cries of joy or pain and making a few gestures like disjointed dolls, just to prove there was some life left in them, that it hung by a thread, and that he held the other end of the thread. From time to time they would provide a humorous or dramatic or sometimes tragic side to things, and that was all grist to his mill.”
― Francoise Gilot, Life with Picasso

“Back at home, days later, feel cranky and tired. Sit on the couch and tell him he's stupid. That you bet he doesn't know who Coriolanus is. That since you moved in you've noticed he rarely reads. He will give you a hurt, hungry-to-learn look, with his James Cagney eyes. He will try to kiss you. Turn your head. Feel suffocated. (from "How")”
― Lorrie Moore, Self-Help

“In an era of mass media, it is easy to believe that the more eyeballs, the more impact. But radio, television, and tracts accounted for a combined total of less than one-half of 1% of the Busters who are born again.”
― David Kinnaman, unChristian: What a New Generation Really Thinks about Christianity... and Why It Matters

“Do you mind?” she asked.
“Mind what?”
“While you were looking in the mirror I couldn’t help myself and I began fantasizing about you. And I figured if I was going to continue to fantasize about you, the only polite thing to do was to ask your permission. So now I’m doing the polite thing again and asking, ‘do you mind?’”
“No, Nina. I don’t mind at all.”
Then she leaned down and kissed him.”
― Richard Finney, Kicky-Wicky

“...Next thing I know you've run off to Paris and thrown yourself under the nearest Frenchman-”
― Nicholls David, One Day

“If your blade were as sharp as your tongue, you'd have sliced my through years ago.”
― Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain

“Cyphel knew exactly how he felt about her as well — it was there in her expression whenever they spoke that beguiling combination of amusement and haughtiness that she carried off so well. It was a look that expressed disdain at Campion’s guarded advances but also a kind of measured probationary respect as well. It was a look that said You dare to think that I will find you as interesting as you obviously find me Well perhaps in that very act of daring you become interesting to me if only fleetingly.”
― Alastair Reynolds

“Really to believe in human nature while striving to know the thousand forces that warp it from its ideal development-to call for and expect much from men and women, and not to be disappointed
and embittered if they fall short- to try to do good with people rather than to them- this is my religion on its human side. And if God exists, I think that he must be in the warm sun, in the kindly actions of the people we know and read of, in the beautiful things of art and nature, and in the closeness of friendships.”
― Randolph Bourne

“Discover the fulfillment of intimate relationships with flesh-and-blood neighbors and teammates in concrete place and time, and we escape the pressure of mainstream media to channel intimacy only as virtual embrace.”
― Jose Panate-Aceves and John Hayes

“He's a sweet man whose crime was that he didn't love me quite enough, and because this wasn't much of a crime I had to make up some bigger ones.”
― Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down

“I admit I get the occasional headache," I said. "I admit some of my hangovers are epic. But usually all it takes for me to bounce back is a sauna, cold-plunge pool, steam bath, massage, and wasabi to clear the sinuses".”
― George Gurley, George & Hilly: The Anatomy of a Relationship

“Я хочу встретить такого мужчину, который, когда узнаешь его получше, будет таким же, каким кажется, когда вы только познакомились.
Я хочу встретить такого мужчину, который звонит, если пообещал позвонить и приходит домой, если пообещал, что придет.
Я хочу встретить такого мужчину, которого устраивает то, какой он есть.
Я хочу встретить такого мужчину, который хочет встретить такую женщину, как я.
Ведь это не слишком много? Хотя, как утверждает моя подруга Марсель, это все равно, что хотеть луну с неба и звезды впридачу.”
― Julian Barnes, Love, Etc.

“Miss Austen’s novels … seem to me vulgar in tone, sterile in artistic invention, imprisoned in the wretched conventions of English society, without genius, wit, or knowledge of the world. Never was life so pinched and narrow. The one problem in the mind of the writer … is marriageableness.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“flagrant, adj. I would be standing right there, and you would walk out of the bathroom without putting the cap back on the toothpaste.”
― David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary

“Gott weiß, wie schwer es mir fällt Beziehungen zu genießen. Ich verhalte mich immer wie ein Geheimdienstler, der seinen Partner als Doppelagent enttarnen will.”
― Hallgrímur Helgason, Zehn Tipps, das Morden zu beenden und mit dem Abwasch zu beginnen

“I'm not an ageist, and I'm not looking for a man in a certain restrictive age range, however I've found over the years that people younger than me tend to be immature. The problem with this is that, as I get older, all the good men have already been snapped up.”
― Brett Kiellerop-Morris, My Big Fat Gay Life

“Beautiful building,” Phoebe said. Sam nodded. “Classical Revival,” he said. It was yet another display of his seemingly unending knowledge that both made her proud and made her feel very small. Maybe if she had gone to college she would have learned about building styles and understand what Classical Revival meant. They could have intelligent discussions about things like rooflines and columns.”
― Jennifer McMahon, Don't Breathe a Word

“Clara shrugged and immediately knew her betrayal of Peter. In one easy movement she'd distanced herself from his bad behavior, even thought she herself was responsible for it. Just before everyone had arrived, she'd told Peter about her adventure with Gamache. Animated and excited she'd gabbled on about her box and the woods and the exhilarating climb up the ladder to the blind. But her wall of words hid from her a growing quietude. She failed to notice his silence, his distance, until it was too late and he'd retreated all the way to his icy island. She hated that place. From it he stood and stared, judged, and lobbed shards of sarcasm.

'You and your hero solve Jane's death?'

'I thought you'd be pleased,' she half lied. She actually hadn't thought at all, and if she had, she probably could have predicted his reaction. But since he was comfortably on his Inuk island, she'd retreat to hers, equipped with righteous indignation and warmed by moral certitude. She threw great logs of 'I'm right, you're an unfeeling bastard' onto the fire and felt secure and comforted.”
― Louise Penny, Still Life

“He tries to force the anger down, but it's like an anvil on his chest. He closes his eyes, like Sammy taught him, and forces the anvil up; he softens.”
― Chris Crutcher, The Crazy Horse Electric Game

“I know I am planning to visit a "land" that is not entirely foreign, only foreign to me. As an adventurer, I am on a journey that I believe will last me my whole life. A new relationship, discovery, or awareness excites me.”
― Marilyn Barnicke Belleghem, Questing Marilyn

“This is what we had become, after the first symbiotic year of our living together: a couple who needed another couple to be around.”
― Emily Perkins, Novel About My Wife

“You know what really fries my Puerto rican pancakes?”
― Mark Gungor, Laugh Your Way to a Better Marriage: Unlocking the Secrets to Life, Love and Marriage

“Moreover, in conversations with women, men do most of the talking (Haas,
1979), and despite hackneyed stereotypes about women being more talkative
than men, we're apparently used to this pattern. When people listen to record-
ings of conversations, they think it's more disrespectful and assertive for a
woman to interrupt a m~ than vice versa (Lafrance, 1992).”
― Rowland Miller, Intimate Relationships

“Couples will no longer spend their nights in their houses dedicated to habitation and reception, the customary social reason for banalization. The chamber of love will be more remote from the center of the city: it will completely naturally re-create for the partners the notion of ex-centricity, in a place less open to the light, more hidden, in order to return to the atmosphere of the secret. The contrary move, the search for a center of thought, will proceed by the same technique.”
― Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader

“The lamb baa-ed vigorously as Mary dragged it into the manicure room, and Zel winced. She really should insist Julie come work, She could use the help, plus it would mean extra mother-daughter time--and, Zel thought wryly, I won't have to find a spare tower in the suburbs.
Closing the appointment book, Zel went to finish trimming Linda's hair. "Did I hear a sheep out there?" Linda asked.
"Sick dog," Zel said. "Now, bend your head down." Linda obeyed and Zel ran her fingers through the back of her hair to check for evenness. All she needed to do was think of a way to make Julie come without Julie immediately assuming her mother was trying to ruin her life. Not an easy task.”
― Sarah Beth Durst, Into the Wild

“[M]an is not an island, he is more like a spaghetti junction.”
― Elizabeth Cooke, Land Law

“Он всегда был счастлив при встрече с Цезарем, оба они радовались. Но радовались, кажется, неодинаково. Чек - откровенно и ясно, весь он был как на ладони. А Втька не мог отвязаться от скрытого смущения и тайной виноватости. Дело в том, что Чек был уверен: они дружат на равных. И Витьке приходилось притворяться, что это так. А в душе-то он относился к Цезарёнку как к младшему, которого надо защищать и оберегать. Впрочем, это одна сторона. А другая... Бывает, что друг меньше по годам, слабее по силам, а ты понимаешь, насколько он крепче духом и яснее душой. И ты благодарен ему за то, что он выбрал в самые лучшие друзья именно тебя.”
― Vladislav Krapivin, Застава на Якорном поле. Крик петуха.

“- Она... они то разъезжаются, то опять... Всё время как на вокзале...
(Витька Мохов - отцу Михаилу Мохову о своей матери)”
― Vladislav Krapivin, Застава на Якорном поле. Крик петуха.

“Life minimizes the number of materialistic women mainly through well-off men and boys whose main goal is to infect as many females as they can with HIV.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Love brings up anything that is hiding.”
― Charlotte Kasl, If the Buddha Dated: A Handbook for Finding Love on a Spiritual Path

“Atau semua orang sesungguhnya sama mengandung gila? Tiap-tiap orang adalah gila di mata orang lain? Tiap-tiap orang menyimpan kegilaan yang hanya pada dirinya bisa didapat, yang hanya dari dirinya bisa orang lain lihat....”
― Henny Purnama Sari, 69: Berkubang Liang

“There’s a rare and beautiful kind of intimacy that sparks when someone understands your mind.”
― Steve Maraboli

“The more we commit to knowing and accepting ourselves, the more we are able to surrender to loving another person because we have nothing to hide and nothing to feel ashamed of. Our spiritual commitment to truth and integrity creates a safe harbor within us- a mooring, a home to return to when the journey gets rough, This is immensely important in the dating process because new love can resurrect our most primitive feelings of fear, dependency, and emptiness. If we know how to soothe our pain and relax into or emptiness, we won't be afraid to be open and honest, regardless of the outcome.”
― Charlotte Kasl, If the Buddha Dated: A Handbook for Finding Love on a Spiritual Path

“We sometimes spend a trillion on a fight over a hundred.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Many of those who were left because of an argument with their partners were right.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“A relationship is very likely to initially make us pretend we are someone we are not; a friendship, to eventually make us pretend we are still someone we used to be.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“In some cases, it is not the person that has changed, but their decision not to be themselves.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“But will they make themselves agreeable to me? That's what I like people to do. I don't hesitate to say so, because I always appreciate it.”
― Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady

“Heaven deliver me from my friends!”
― Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady

“It's when we go back to being strangers that we were never friends in the first place.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Tragically, is it frequently the same elements in a relationship that subtly 'encourage' us to continue and deepen it at the time that either signal or lead to its eventual demise, or both.

And yet, in order to enjoy intimate connections without self-sabotaging, there is no other choice but to participate fully in these glowing moments, even under the shadow of the reality that most will eventually fail or diminish--perhaps even catastrophically, with long-lasting traumatic impacts that might inhibit our ability to do so.”
― Tamara K. Walker

“You can bring to a relationship, qualities you wish to see mirrored back to you. You are the only person with the power to be whole and complete in yourself. Become the type of person you wish to attract.”
― Collette O'Mahony, In Quest of Love: A Guide to Inner Harmony and Wellbeing in Relationships

“We live in a period where people spend more time trying to influence people they don’t know, neglecting the people who are next to them craving their attention.”
― Sope Agbelusi

“To be with the right person cannot solve all your life's problem, on the other hand, being with the wrong one can create many.”
― Luigina Sgarro

“You can be right and still lose the fight.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Some people seem to see a conversation as a competition to see who can talk the longest and the most often.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Usually, a breakup is caused by, or causes, the revelation of one of the parties’ true colours.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“This fake smile cracks as the sun lowers down
Rubble coats your mouth
like powdered sugar
It tastes so sweet
AS PAIN OFTEN DOES”
― McKenzie Richardson, 433 Lighted Way

“Why do I always have to be helping people . . . and getting no help myself?”
― Iris Murdoch, The Nice and the Good

“Being a nurse, I’m well trained in being careful with the language that I use. Words have power. They can keep someone calm. Or they can freak someone the fuck out when they’re in a bad place. They can keep someone at a distance. Or they can bring them close. It’s why I resisted when he suggested I call him by his first name. I was keeping him at a distance. But apparently my subconscious has been telling me this whole time that I shouldn’t do that.”
― Melanie A. Smith, Never Date a Doctor

“Giving yourself permission to fall for someone is hard. Well, terrifying, really,” he amends. “But sometimes we have to let go of how we think things should go and just let them happen. It’s the simplest and most difficult part of giving a relationship a go.”
― Melanie A. Smith, Never Date a Doctor

“Funny how much things can change in such a short amount of time when you’re being honest about what you want.”
― Melanie A. Smith, Never Date a Doctor

“As I fall asleep in his arms, I wish I hadn’t resisted him all those weeks. Even though on some level I realize it’s because of exactly this; that I knew how much I could feel for this man. That our chemistry both inside the bedroom and out would be like nothing I’ve ever felt. It both excites me and terrifies me in equal measure. I close my eyes and hope for the best.”
― Melanie A. Smith, Never Date a Doctor

“I close my eyes and take a deep breath. Breathing in the pain, the heartbreak, my stubborn, willful insistence on closing him out because he hurt me. Then I breathe out with forgiveness, love, and acceptance that you can only be hurt so deeply by those you love. And that the real lesson here isn’t to never date a doctor; it’s to let love in, no matter how much it scares you that you could be hurt. Because it’s worth it.”
― Melanie A. Smith, Never Date a Doctor

“I'd hated that because it didn't feel how I expected romance to feel: stressful and kind of blood-soaked, a constant power struggle.”
― Kristen Arnett, Mostly Dead Things

“A woman is against her man making decisions when he is angry, except when the decision is to marry her, or to buy her a gift.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Some underwears seem to have been designed to be a turn-off.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Don’t confuse “familiar” with “acceptable”. Toxic relationships can fool you like that.”
― Steve Maraboli

“If I am less kind than I was yesterday, then I am failing as a human being.”
― Bill Madden

“Create from the heart to produce something meaningful. Speak from the heart to build solid relationships. Live from the heart to have a beautiful life. Maxime Lagacé”
― Maxime Lagacé

“Please don't shut me out. Or if you're going to, just tell me, tell me so that I'm not dangling in this in-between space.”
― Carmen Maria Machado, In the Dream House

“I get it. Things change. Relationships end. But you can tell a lot about a person by the way they leave.”
― Steve Maraboli

“To establish peace in this world, we must set ourselves free from the mentality of supremacy, No religion is great than other, no region great than other, no nation is great than other, no language is great than other, no culture is great than other.
Mutual respect and love for each and every nation, religion, region, culture, and language.”
― Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"

“It's more important to be one than it is to be right.”
― Josh Steimle

“Pain of being loyal to a cheating partner”
― Gugu Mofokeng

“We cannot sanitize every comment, every come-on, every gesture in our efforts to stamp out harassment and assault. We cannot sanitize all of our spaces, we cannot make them irrefutably safe from words and acts and behaviors. We are humans, and our emotions and desires make us into complicated creatures. Sometimes we are nervous and awkward. We misjudge and we make mistakes and we dream of things that will not happen, of people we want to be with who will not want to be with us. We muster our courage and go for someone who seems unattainable to see if, by some miracle, it turns out they like us back, and this is not a crime.

But we can certainly do a better job of teaching people how to understand romantic feelings, how to read signals, how to back off when someone says no, how not to keep pursuing someone when they have rejected us, about what is appropriate and what is inappropriate in certain contexts, in professional and educational circumstances. We must become better thinkers—critical thinkers—about this aspect of our lives, better communicators on every level with respect to consent and non-consent. We may not want consent to be present-at-hand forever, but we should not want consent to go back to being invisible, so invisible that we don’t notice its function, that we don’t care or refuse to care or even see when it has been ignored, disregarded, when this disregard has caused someone else to suffer, to become traumatized, when it has changed her life forever.”
― Donna Freitas, Consent: A Memoir of Unwanted Attention

“It is always the wrong time to meet the wrong person.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Oftentimes someone leaves their partner who is comparable to the sun for someone else who is comparable to a spark.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Queer intimacies are radical expressions of desire that open up traditional definitions and categories, and they invite us into understanding our humanity in new ways.”
― Mihee Kim-Kort, Outside the Lines: How Embracing Queerness Will Transform Your Faith

“A queer spirituality allows for loving pandemonium--the challenge of shifts and transitions, the realization that we are shaped by each other, and the emergence of new identities, new creations within each relationship.”
― Mihee Kim-Kort, Outside the Lines: How Embracing Queerness Will Transform Your Faith

“It took me a long time to realize the difference between the people we are drawn to and the people who are good for us.”
― Steve Maraboli

“This temper had been passed down from his father, and his father in turn before that. Parents breed parrots. Only exceptional offspring grow their own bright plumage, capable of penetrating the dull grey down in which they are born covered.”
― David Whitehouse, Mobile Library

“We humans think we exist like this." Dadi gestured to the powders in their individual bowls. "Apart. Single. Beautiful and vivid, but alone." … She upended the two bowls into the center of the larger container, and the powders came together. They were mixed somewhat, but still in their separate piles for the most part - "Then" Dad continued, " with each interaction with another soul, we begin to change." She put a finger into the pile of powders and began to stir gently. The powders mixed more the longer she stirred, red mingling with orange, losing its distinct form. "We take pieces of them, and they take pieces of us. It's not bad. It's not good. It just is." By now the powders were completely mixed together, indistinguishable from each other. "Our best friends, the ones we love the most, are the ones who can hurt us the most. Because look." She pointed down to the powders. "We have had so many interactions, that we cannot separate their pieces from ours. And if we try, we would only be getting rid of ourselves.”
― Sandhya Menon, From Twinkle, with Love

“We humans think we exist like this." Dadi gestured to the powders in their individual bowls. "Apart. Single. Beautiful and vivid, but alone." …
She upended the two bowls into the center of the larger container, and the powders came together. They were mixed somewhat, but still in their separate piles for the most part - "Then" Dadi continued, "with each interaction with another soul, we begin to change."
She put a finger into the pile of powders and began to stir gently. The powders mixed more the longer she stirred, red mingling with orange, losing its distinct form.
"We take pieces of them, and they take pieces of us. It's not bad. It's not good. It just is."
By now the powders were completely mixed together, indistinguishable from each other.
"Our best friends, the ones we love the most, are the ones who can hurt us the most. Because look." She pointed down to the powders.
"We have had so many interactions, that we cannot separate their pieces from ours. And if we try, we would only be getting rid of some of the best parts of ourselves.”
― Sandhya Menon, From Twinkle, with Love

“Don’t let people who fuck with your mind enter into the door of your mind.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“A quiet realization would be more poetic—something as quotidian as showing back up. Choosing each other when there's no fanfare.”
― Emery Lord, The Map from Here to There

“On the spiritual path, the purpose of my relationship is to wake up and get to know ourselves and our lover, thoroughly, without judgment or pride. On the spiritual path, we enter into a shared union where we cherish and give to each other, expanding our ability to love unconditionally. We would also accept that the process an be awkward, unpredictable, challenging, and surprising.”
― Charlotte Kasl, If the Buddha Dated: A Handbook for Finding Love on a Spiritual Path

“We eat in silence, listening to the rain. Both of us look forlornly at the bar, thinking that we shouldn’t, we mustn’t. On the other hand, we could simply pass out drunk here and maybe they’d take us to jail. There are beds in jail. Soap. New people to meet.”
― Ben Marcus, Notes from the Fog: Stories

“When asked by his wife if he was having an affair, Ray replied, "why would I want to disappoint another woman?”
― JC Hunter

“Poverty and wealth are both contagious, it's just a matter of who you spend most of your time with.”
― Mac Duke The Strategist

“A church that provides relationships as a solution to the peoples felt needs is a church on the threshold of eternal damnation”
― John M Sheehan

“There was a time I thought you were the whole story... but it turns out, you were just a character in one chapter.”
― Steve Maraboli

“There is nothing about you I am not willing to know.”
― Patrisse Khan-Cullors

“Jack didn't happen to me: I happened to Jack.”
― Adrienne Brodeur, Wild Game: My Mother, Her Lover, and Me

“The Male is perhaps a rough symphony. Cymbals, trumpets announcing an entrance, a presence. A back talk, eye rolled, sighing concerto that hits the highest note of retreation. But you come back for the elation, like a Beethoven, a cloud number ten. Just when you think It's finished, just when you think it’s time for bed.”
― Benny Woith, vast.

“A bad fight is anything which does not help to move the relationship and the people involved forward. If one dominates the other, it will eventually be at the expense of the relationship. Everything depends on the intention. If the intention is to hurt, belittle, ignore, reject or win then good will struggle to come from that. If the intention is to wrestle with some boundaries and deal with unresolved issues then that is positive and important. Love for the other person and respect for their rights, as well as our own rights, will set a steady course for any argument. Of most value is a sincere desire to make the relationship work which, after all, is often why we fight. We want the relationship to honestly work.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“We give our all to our relationships. We give our love, pain, joy, fear, and hope. We give our body, mind, and spirit. We trust the other person with all that we are. Fighting is a small price to pay for the opportunity to give something as beautiful as a person’s whole being. The really beneficial relationships are the ones where we are deeply connected to the other. Sometimes, they tear us apart and then reform us. They can be painful and scary ventures. One has to have courage. One day, there will be nothing left to fight about.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“God's heart for me is what's best for me. God's BEST for me is enough for me!”
― Sylvia L. Daniels

“Your deep green eyes make me wanna swan dive off a cliff into a shallow ocean of sweet little lies. That's why I stand here paralyzed.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“She interrupted him. "My husband has no concern with the relations which may exist between you and me. He evidently suffers when I go out, as tonight, for he knows where I am going; but I admit no right of control either on his part or mine. He is free, and I am free, to go wherever we please. I must keep house for him, watch out for his interests, take care of him, love him like a devoted companion, and that I do, with all my heart. As to being responsible for my acts, they're none of his business, no more his than anybody else's."

She spoke in a crisp, incisive tone.

"The devil;" said Durtal. "You certainly reduce the importance of the rôle of husband."

"I know that my ideas are not the ideas of the world I live in...”
― Joris-Karl Huysmans, Là-Bas

“இந்த உலகில் சாய்ந்து கொள்ள ஒரு தோள், நம்பிக்கை தளர்கின்ற போதெல்லாம் அரவணைத்துக் கொள்ளும் ஒரு உறவு என இதெல்லாம் அமைந்து விடுவது என்பது பெரும் வரம்.”
― Radhakrishnan Venkatasamy, பாமரத்தியும் பட்டாம்பூச்சியும் [Paaramatthiyum Pattaampoochiyum]

“இந்த உலகில் நாம் நேசிக்கும் மனிதர்கள் நமது எண்ணங்களுக்கு மதிப்பு தருபவர்களாகவே இருக்க வேண்டும் என அவர்களையே நாம் தேடிக் கொள்கிறோம்.”
― Radhakrishnan Venkatasamy, பாமரத்தியும் பட்டாம்பூச்சியும் [Paaramatthiyum Pattaampoochiyum]

“Breakups are an interesting thing. They break our hearts and free them at the same time. It’s excruciatingly liberating.”
― Steve Maraboli

“You're not really famous if anybody still likes you.”
― Taylor Jenkins Reid, The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo

“There are eternal bonds which are made in registry offices and in churches, there are eternal bonds which are made in other and stranger and more terrible ways.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Nice and the Good

“Emotional self-defense... When you set healthier relationship standards in your life, some people will take it personally. That’s their issue, not yours. The distance isn’t against them; it’s for you. It’s a boundary, not a grudge.”
― Steve Maraboli

“I am in a long distance relationship. It's been six months since I met my mom.”
― Leena Duwadi

“The old novels are all about Jane Austen and Dickens heroines who'd as soon put bullets through their heads as let a man kiss them. And, the new novels are...about Brett Ashley, who sleeps with any guy who really insists, but is a poetic pure tortured soul at heart....She talks Lady Brett and acts Shirley, handling the situation on the whole with remarkable willpower----'...'It doesn't take too much willpower, ' Marjorie burst out,...'with most of the boys, who are plain animals, and just need slapping down. And it doesn't take much willpower either wth the conceited intellectuals who try to disarm you by telling you that you're frigid. They're just amusing.”
― Herman Wouk, Marjorie Morningstar

“Gdy są "ale", nie chcę wcale.”
― Anna Canić

“Contrary to popular opinion, the primary goal of relationships is not to make us happy. Relationships make us grow. That growth will, with time, naturally increase our happiness. Growth has a price, and that’s the bit we don’t like paying. It ranges from uncomfortable to downright tortuous depending on the issue, how deeply seated it is, how much work we have previously done on it, how resistant we are to working on it, and how much painful emotion is already attached to the issue from past experiences. At any price, it’s still a bargain.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“If we are afraid of the pain of grief, we will be afraid of confrontation. We may not leave relationships that should be left for fear of grief. We may be reluctant to enter into relationships that should be entered into for fear of them not working and the consequent suffering. Love, surprisingly, helps to heal the loss of love. Not the soppy love of romantics. Not the self-seeking love of infatuated would-be lovers. Not weak, needy love, but real love. It says, “No matter what, I will do what is best for you, me, my child, my friend, and those I dedicate my love to. If that is painful, I will still choose it.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“Human love is the shadow of the Great love; its child. And of all human loves, it is romantic love which has the most riveting effect upon our soul. Ageless and perennial, it is forever finding an outlet in poetry, music, dance, story-telling, and the media. We never tire of it. It commands attention at so many turns, such is the longing for its presence in our life. It is not by accident that it has such an unfailing pull on our psyche. If we cannot connect with visible human love, we will not be able to find the invisible Love. Human love is leading us, most of us unknowingly, straight to the divinity of our own nature. And that nature leads us, in turn, to the source of life itself.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“When we make a mistake in front of them, we need to admit fault and we need to tell them that we try hard, but that sometimes we too need help Tell him you need to ask God for direction on how to live better and how to be a better mom. Then ask your son to pray for you, just as you pray for him. That can be a life-changing moment for many sons, when a mother admits that she's trying with all her might but isn't doing the job that she really wants to be doing and needs help.”
― Meg Meeker, M.D.

“Rules have nothing to do with trust.”
― Meg Meeker, M.D.

“Sons need mothers who feel at peace, comfortable with themselves, content with their lives, and reasonably rested.”
― Meg Meeker, M.D.

“Henry says on a whisper, “I could love you, Ruben. I could get lost in love with you.”

Ruben swallows and makes himself ask, “But?”

“But I’m done being lost and alone.”
― Alice Archer, Everyday History

“I am nothing more than his safe way to begin. I am Ruben’s starter kit. A short preface that will soon pale when his real story begins. An overture to the symphony he will discover beyond me, after me, without me. I try to feel honored to perform that public service for the gay community at large.”
― Alice Archer, Everyday History

“Without the axiom, things cannot hold. It all falls apart very quickly.”
― Sindhu Rajasekaran, So I Let It Be

“Education isn't education when you use it as makeup to cover the scars of your insecurities”
― Reginald Williams

“If you want to forget something, never hate it. Everything that you hate is engraved upon your heart,if you want to let go of something, you cannot hate.”
― .

“We don’t know when a compatible person will come into our life. We don’t know, for sure, if they will leave or stay. If they leave, we don’t know if they will return. We don’t know if we will always feel the relationship is compatible and if we will want to be there. We don’t really know anything. We can only graciously accept what life brings and all the terror of change that comes with it and then keep moving forward. Life is not static. It doesn’t start nor does it end. It changes form. It is ongoing with highs and lows, successes and crushing failures, experiments, beautiful moments, touching visions, angers, forgiveness, awe, and love.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“You don’t block the window anymore.
The breeze is cooler
without the thick sweat of your breath.
Air more fresh,
not stained by the dirty words delivered.
This space kisses me in ways you never could”
― Benny Woith, vast.

“Why look up at the sky when the real star is right in front of you.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“You can never finish unwrapping a woman with a sensual character and, for me, that's the whole point of getting into a relationship in the first place.”
― Lebo Grand

“Navigating between togetherness and separateness is every modern couple's biggest challenge, yet it's the only key to sustainable desire and passion.”
― Lebo Grand

“If you really love someone, or even like them, you do it because of who they are. You wouldn't want to change them, that defeats the purpose & meaning. Because to change someone you love isnt loving them in their fullest but belittling the love they carry for themselves. Dont try to change them, nor have them conform to your idea of them. But love the them they are, otherwise, do you really love them? Or rather, do you merely love the idea of who you wish to make them.”
― Trevor Driggers

“She cried like a child, laughed like bells ringing, and her smile was the most beautiful I've ever seen. She loved, she hated, and she inhaled the world like it was a rose. All this was why I loved her more than life.”
― Christy Lefteri, The Beekeeper of Aleppo

“The right ones hear you,
They see you,
and
They feel you differently”
― Jill Telford

“It is for the very reason that we cannot control other people and that they may be very different to us that something alive and interesting may happen in life.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“He who doesn't see his lover's faults as virtues is not in love.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Maxims and Reflections

“If we learn not to grab, insist, manipulate, or force then the precious moments have more chance of just appearing, usually when we are not looking. They may even stay a little longer, if we do not grasp onto them insisting that they do not move. With practice, consistency, and commitment to the evolution of the partnership, something beautiful and meaningful has a chance of evolving.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“Much misery in caused in relationships by the expectation that the other person can and should be a personal provider of good for us. This expectation brings an endless array of problems and is one which we need to outgrow as individuals who are seeking freedom from the troubles of the human condition. No person is able to give what only divine Love can give. Relationships, of their own power, cannot give us the love and happiness that really have a Divine, not human, origin. We don’t ask from other people what only God can supply.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Being Loving

“Sponsor said relationships are fertilizer for character defects. I thought about it, prayed about it, and agreed. I guess it's better to minimize damage, adopt a sane and sound ideal, and buy pussy from now on.”
― Dmitry Dyatlov

“Maybe she is wrong about her marriage. Perhaps there is love, a love defined by marriage. Devoted, spiteful love.”
― Sindhu Rajasekaran, So I Let It Be

“This tedious letter to you . . .
what is one life to another?”
― Ruth Stone, In the Next Galaxy

“What I Should Have Said

There's nothing that says you can't
call. I spend the weekdays teaching
and moving my children from breakfast
to bedtime. What else, I feel like a traitor
telling someone else things I can't tell
to you. What is it that keeps us together?
Fingertip to fingertip, from Santa Fe
to Albuquerque?
I feel bloated with what I should say
and what I don't. We drift and drift, with
few storms of heat inbetween the motions.
I love you. The words confuse me.
Maybe they have become a cushion
keeping us in azure sky and in flight
not there, not here.
We are horses knocked out with tranquilizers
sucked into a deep deep sleeping for the comfort
and anesthesia death. We are caught between
clouds and wet earth
and there is no motion
either way
no life
to speak of.”
― Joy Harjo, She Had Some Horses

“Fawn types seek safety by merging with the wishes, needs and demands of others. They act as if they unconsciously believe that the price of admission to any relationship is the forfeiture of all their needs, rights, preferences and boundaries. They often begin life like the precocious children described in Alice Miler’s 'The Drama Of The Gifted Child', who learn that a modicum of safety and attachment can be gained by becoming the helpful and compliant servants of their parents. They are usually the children of at least one narcissistic parent who uses contempt to press them into service- scaring and shaming them out of developing a healthy sense of self: an egoic locus of self-protection, self-care and self-compassion.”
― Pete Walker

“Your smile is heaven.”
― Rosangel Perez

“PAPA", it's not only a name but an identity with our name. "PAPA" is not only our strength but a deep motivation from a very honest and hard-worker person, who used to struggle every single minute for our successful life. "PAPA" is a shop, where we can buy all the materials without any cost related to our needs and desires. "PAPA" is the name of a Prophet, who has been sent for us. "PAPA" is the only reason for our existence. It's only "PAPA" and his divine personality, who sacrificed his whole life, his youth, his time, his desires and his ambitions only for us. It's request from a very bewildered son for a good deal of mankind that don't even try to snatch the smile of that divine face, don't make them too muffled, don't let them to face those flopped and rumble attitudes. If you're too groggy for their happiness, then let them with their own sorrows and temptations.”
― Raj Koochitani

“Getting" the relationship you want is not like fishing for a big catch. It is like creating a beautiful garden (yourself) that others want to hang out in with you.”
― Jennifer Lehr MFT

“If you've told a little boy that Big Boys don't cry, you've marginalized his voice”
― Reginald Williams

“If you truly are seeking answers of wholeness, why do you continue to engage in conversations rooted in partiality?”
― Reginald Williams

“Don't campaign that you do not need something, and then champion a complaint when what you campaigned for isn't available.”
― Reginald Williams

“We should not use the worst to define us as a people, and we use not use the best to excuse the bullshit of the worst.”
― Reginald Williams

“Does your body belong to you?
Does it do what you tell it to?
If the man comes over and through,
Does your body belong to you?”
― Benny Woith, vast.

“A man knows how to confront confrontation without being confrontational.”
― Reginald Williams

“An arrival always follows a departure. To achieve a goal you must depart from something.”
― Reginald Williams

“Sex that accomplishes this kind of transfiguration is a drug. It is not an easy thing to deny yourself once you know exactly where to get it.”
― Ariel Levy, The Rules Do Not Apply

“It is better to break up than to let the relationship break you down.”
― Toni Sorenson

“The relationship to one's fellow man is the relationship of prayer, the relationship to oneself is the relationship of striving; it is from prayer that one draws the strength for one's striving.”
― Franz Kafka, Aphorisms

“Strong roots can make you stand or stumble depending on your relation to them.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“..forgiveness doesn't mean someone needs to be part of your life. Forgiveness doesn't mean welcoming someone in with open arms, regardless of the fact that they continue to hurt you.”
― Cyntoia Brown-Long, Free Cyntoia: My Search for Redemption in the American Prison System

“Books, on the other hand … you borrow from a library until you find the book you love, and then you keep it. The library won’t let you borrow more books until you return it, but you never return it because you’ll never need any other book”
― Eden Finley, Blindsided

“Looka heah, Tea Cake, if you ever go off from me and have a good time lak dat and then come back heah tellin' me how nice Ah is, Ah specks tuh kill yuh dead. You heah me?”
― Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God

“I always used to think relationships meant compromising what you want for something somebody else wants, but I never realized that when you meet that one person who becomes your priority it’s not compromising because you’d willingly do anything to make them happy”
― Eden Finley, Fake Out

“Mental freedom is the product of mastery in several areas of our lives. We must master ourselves, our relationships, and our money. Mastering one without the others (or some without one) will leave us subject to an undue external influence in the area(s) that remain which will keep us bound. Freedom isn't free, it takes a lot of hard work.”
― Sherman Rivers

“One of the greatest assets a single person can have when seeking a partner is having a wonderful family.”
― Ron Baratono

“The right people will appreciate you, but the wrong ones never will.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“Guys will get the girl that everyone wants... then forget she’s still the girl that everyone wants......”
― Ian Ochieng

“Life is a funny arena.

Marrying early doesn’t always mean making a wrong choice. Marrying late doesn’t always mean making the best choice.

Infact marrying late may mean you “settle” for whoever you get which may not actually be who is best for you.

NB: life is a funny arena...”
― Ian Ochieng

“The holidays make her feel as if she’s supposed to be in a cuddle, since everybody else suddenly seems paired off, like mittens, slippers or AA batteries.”
― Gina Barreca

“The longer you stay single, the more you become a threat to other relationships...”
― Nitya Prakash

“Prepare for reality, kids, because when all’s said and done, Prince Charming will throw you an ultimatum.”
― Eden Finley, Deke

“He'd been generous, yes, but lots of people are generous; what made him different was the fact that he'd taken responsibility for me.”
― Sebastian Junger, Tribe: On Homecoming and Belonging

“We feasted on love; every mode of it, solemn and merry, romantic and realistic, sometimes as dramatic as a thunderstorm, sometimes comfortable and unemphatic as putting on your soft slippers. She was my pupil and my teacher, my subject and my sovereign, my trusty comrade, friends, shipmate, fellow-soldier. My mistress, but at the same time all that any man friend has ever been to me.”
― cs lewis

“To a particular person, a particular personality, mind, lifestyle, voice, gait, laugh, salary, penis, or vagina, cannot be interesting for a very long time.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana, On Friendship: A Satirical Essay

“You are the unwritten poem that I always carry folded in the pocket of my heart.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Once again, I stared at him: only this stare was different from those other stares. A man was pressing me to do something I did not want to do, and pressing me in a manner he would never have applied to another man: by telling me that I didn't know what I wanted [...] It was as though an invisible membrane had fallen between me and my lover, one fine enough to be penetrated by desire but opaque enough to obscure human fellowship. The person on the other side of the membrane seemed as unreal to me as I felt myself to be to him [...] the memory of that fine, invisible separation haunted me; and more often than I like to remember, I saw it glistening as I gazed into the face of a man who loved me but was not persuaded that I needed what he needed to feel like a human being.”
― Vivian Gornick, The Odd Woman and the City: A Memoir

“It’s the roots, which are invisible, that make you so invincible.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“I love you, it’s my feeling Mind You! and it’s none of your business.” ”
― Ramana Pemmaraju

“I love the exercise. I figured if I'm doing something I like, maybe I will find a nice man.”
― Debbie Sue Goodman, Still Dating

“Every relationship is like a garden and every garden has weeds. Arguments are the little weeds of our relationship that grow up around the things we intentionally plant. Some arguments don’t seem so bad and are easy to work around whenever they pop up. Others are ugly enough that you go nuclear on them. That patch of land is abandoned as scorched earth for a couple of years. Either way, the weeds always come back as reliably as the days and the seasons despite our attempt to get rid of them once and for all. This is true of the arguments we have but also the arguments we don’t have. Arguments don’t end because they have long, long roots.”
― Buster Benson, Why Are We Yelling?: The Art of Productive Disagreement

“It is not that you want me.
It is that you like the way I want you and you don’t want that feeling to go to someone else.”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“Next time; before you decide it is love,

First ask yourself:

Am I safe here?
Is there room for growth?
When I say no; does he listen?”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“Painful habits:

1. Forgetting friends to lose myself in lovers.
Remembering them only when love is lost again.
2. Knowing that real love does not need convincing but trying anyway.
3. Building castles of projections, making pedestals out of dreams.
4. Crowning temporary visitors Kings.”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“The war began after I had placed him on a pedestal.
My expectations were only leading me to more disappointments.

First I tried to fight it with denial then I tried to fight him with my words.
I did everything but accept that he was not the man I thought he was.”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“My heart was longing for you suddenly
and I became short of breath.
The kind you took away so long ago
and only gave back what little I have left.”
― Benny Woith, vast.

“You mistake love. You think it has to have a future in order to matter, but it doesn't. It's the only thing that does not need to become at all. It matters only insofar as it exists. Here. Now. Love doesn't require a future.”
― Rebecca Serle, In Five Years

“Your relationship should not be a battle field. It should not be an uphill struggle. Your relationship should not be what's keeping you cold inside. Your relationship should be a warm space, a safe space, a home. The skin of your soul. I have seen too many people lose their warmth, their mental health, the skip in the sound of their laughter; thanks to the relationships that they are in. When this happens to you, it's time to know that you've got this one life, and how are you going to spend it? There is a love that's for you, and that one is just not it anymore.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“It feels impossible how much space there can be in this intimacy, how much privacy. And I think that maybe that is what love is. Not the absence of space but the acknowledgement of it, the thing that lives between the parts, the things that makes it possible not to be one, but to be different, to be two.”
― Rebecca Serle, In Five Years

“His words felt like running a hand under cold water after burning it on the stove. The pain might be smoothed while the water runs, but as soon as you turn off the faucet, the throbbing continues.”
― Lara Prescott, The Secrets We Kept

“Yes, CRM is all about Customer Relationship Management...but it is also about Prospect Relationships as well.”
― Bobby Darnell, Time For Dervin - Living Large In Geiggityville

“Sometimes I miss you, which is strange, because you weren't at all the way I remember you.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn

“When we consider our rich inner communities, we will find it is quite possible that more than one pattern of attachment can arise at the same time, sometimes in support of the others and sometimes in conflict.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“Closure. This was a word that humans used a lot. They told themselves there had to be some sort of ritualistic ending in order to close the chapter and move on, but I wondered if chapters ever really closed, because each one was dependent on the one before.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, The Cat Who Ate His Tail

“It's never the right time if it's the wrong person.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, The Cat Who Ate His Tail

“No matter how many times we get hurt by love, we still crave it, and those who act like they don't are just wounded and frightened of being hurt again.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, The Cat Who Ate His Tail

“Relationships matter. Who they are with and in what form they manifest is secondary to the quality of the relationship. Is it truthful? Is it life-changing? Are we present? Is the other person “there”? Does it engage us? Does it help us grow? Relationships ultimately teach us love but we need to be available to learn it.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“In the bedroom, three are present – the two partners and the Divine. Use the openness and vulnerability of the sexual arena to grow closer to God and give that same gift to your loved one.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“My mother sobbed. "I'm not asking for that much." But she was: She was asking him to be someone else.”
― Sigrid Nunez, A Feather on the Breath of God

“INSPIRATION IS THE LIGHT THAT ESCAPED THE DARKNESS.”
― Qwana M. "BabyGirl" Reynolds-Frasier

“May we each find a forest-bathing path that can be a daily balm in this taxing world.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“CONSISTENCY IS THE MARK OF TRUTH!”
― Qwana M. "BabyGirl" Reynolds-Frasier

“Each of our parents and others close to us offer their unique version of attachment, so while we have four categories to give us a general outline of what may occur, we will find that each person's expression of each style is as individual as a fingerprint.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“James Coan says, "In truth, because so many neural structures are involved in one way or another in attachment behavior, it is possible to think of the entire human brain as a neural attachment system.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“I had this idea that if you wait long enough, someone will definitely do something stupid that you can take advantage of later… and someone says, hey why don’t you get married. And I say, nah, I fucked married chicks before, It’s not that great. yeah, I guess I still think about the girls... those girls I wish I dated... high school, college girls... man I guess I loved them all to some extent, maybe. How do you decide. They’re all the same, aren’t they? And then I started reading all that feminist pro-infidelity shit and how people get bored with their marriages after 5 to 7 years or so. And my parents always had a horrible marriage. I figure maybe someday I’ll be the guy they all have affairs with, you know? When they’re tired of the bullshit, and they know that love’s a big fat joke. And a cold beer never broke my heart.”
― Dmitry Dyatlov

“Fireworks are pretty, but in the wrong mind they can be downright dangerous.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“I grind in spite of your hatred, insecurity, jealousy, or fear that I might move forward. That...is what winners do.”
― Chriscinthia Blount, Making My Own Rainbows: Poems of love, life, and lamentation

“Our love will wither; like a flower in the desert without water, it dies.”
― Ishmael E. Balfour

“My perfect guy has got to come already together and be good enough, no assembly required by me. I learned that lesson the hard way.”
― Jay Crownover, Rome

“Emotional hurts are like cancers of the soul. If we don’t get them out, they can poison the whole soul and body.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“If you can't keep it, don't wish for it.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“One may have said this, or the other may have thought it, but it hung invisibly between them like a spider web between trees.
Some things between those who are close do not need to be spoken to be understood.”
― Ryan P. Cole, 2 Dark Mirrors

“I suspected that most marriages were more complicated than couples tended to let on. That summer, it seemed like every week brought news of another pair in our community who were splitting up. They were all around our age, most with little kids, trying to run their own businesses in a small economy. The evidence of those breakups directly contradicted the rosy way relationships were portrayed on Facebook, in public. I began to believe that future generations would study how we represent our long-term partnerships, and call us on our lies, in the same way we look at the way the Victorians depicted sex and know that it simply wasn't like that, not behind closed doors or in the hayloft. We hide marital conflict with the same sense of decorum. We'd do more good if we were honest and set realistic expectations for what it's like in the long run.”
― Kristin Kimball, Good Husbandry: Growing a Family on a Community Farm

“who wants to go drinking and fall in love?”
― Dmitry Dyatlov

“I must be at the command of the Lord, not the dictates of people, pressures, or my own issues.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Many relationships go through violent and destructive pain-body episodes at regular intervals. It is almost unbearably painful for a young child to have to witness the emotional violence of their parents' pain-bodies, and yet that is the fate of millions of children all over the world, the nightmare of their daily existence.”
― Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose

“Fighting doesn’t feel good anymore. It feels like breaking something because you don’t know how to fix it.”
― Rainbow Rowell, Wayward Son

“If a man wants to leave you, wave goodbye and lock the doors. You've got better things to do than chase a lost cause.”
― Lyssa Kay Adams, The Bromance Book Club

“I rested my chin on my paws, wondering if she’d ever be able to open her heart to another man-human. I knew firsthand how hard it was to try again, to let yourself be loved by someone who could love you back after you’d been hurt. And I knew sometimes when someone said mean things if you were sensitive you couldn’t shake it no matter how much you knew it wasn’t the truth.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, The Cat Who Ate His Tail

“It’s hard to let go, especially after you’ve invested a few years. It’s hard to let go of who we imagined someone else was too. You loved him so you overlooked all the thing that were obvious to everyone around you. We all do it.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, The Cat Who Ate His Tail

“Sometimes when we least expect it, love gives us a second chance.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, The Cat Who Ate His Tail

“I can’t reconcile who he was, the man who was so kind and loving and considerate, with who he is now. I know the truth is who I’m seeing now, but I keep hoping the former man will come back. It’s like I love someone who doesn’t even exist.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, The Cat Who Ate His Tail

“If you had a strong chemistry with the person—Then it would be difficult to forget them into your life.”
― Mwanandeke Kindembo

“There was magic. Some kind of alchemy. I don't remember the moment you transformed from a prop into a main character. No, that's not what happened. I don't remember when you shape-
shifted from an elf into a Prince. No, that isn't it either. What I really mean is: I don't know if we were meant to fall into each other all along or if you were just in the right place at the right time. Yes, I found safety in your arms in the middle of a hurricane I chose to escape, and I still don't know how it would have turned out if someone else came to my door that day. Or if you never held me. Or if I never cried. Or if everything hadn't been so fairy tale. Until it wasn't. Do you see the magic now, now that it's too late? Do you still remember me? Do I still remember you? And what, in the end, have we learned? Is it really better to have loved and lost? Was it love for you? Who now is dying faster from the lonely?”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“For My Beloved
As I hold your hands in mine
Know that I hold your heart as well.
As I gaze into your eyes
Know that I see into our shared future.
As I feel your heart beat
Know that mine dances along to its rhythm
As I hear the words you speak
Know that they are melody and harmony playing in my ears.
As I sit in amazement that you are in my life
I recognize what a gift you are.”
― Rev. Edie Weinstein

“Don’t blame yourself. You believed what he told you, because you trusted him. You’re a warm, open, trusting person. And you’re trustworthy. Trustworthy people like us always get screwed, because we expect other people to be like us. Don’t let his bad behavior make you question yourself.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, The Cat Who Ate His Tail

“Today and every day, may you see the magnificent light of Love shining in each other’s eyes. May you know the comfort that comes with the certainty that the one who stands before you is the perfect reflection of your Highest Self. Allow him and allow her to be your most ardent admirer, while letting love be the stone with which you polish yourselves, smoothing away the hardened edges. May you bring out the shadow side of each other and then consign it to the light. May you bring out the highest in each other and celebrate it to the fullest. And may your love be a glorious example to the world. So be it.”
― Rev. Edie Weinstein

“We must be compassionate but not enable people to blame or shame us out of God’s blessings.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Love with abandon without fear of being abandoned.”
― Edie Weinstein, The Bliss Mistress Guide to Transforming the Ordinary Into the Extraordinary

“I Know You By Heart

From the words you whisper in my ear
To the glow in your eyes when you look into mine
From the late night talks we share
To the little things you do to brighten my day
From the way you take care of me when you sense I am in need of a little TLC
To the way you share secrets with me that you have never told another living soul
Thank you for letting me into your heart
I love you with all of mine.”
― Rev. Edie Weinstein

“You can never do for someone what they are not willing to do for themselves.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“You are not someone’s answer. You are an example of what the answer can do in someone’s life, and you are compelled to share how you did it by God’s Word and His grace, but only their yielding in obedience to God is their answer.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Today and every day, may you see the magnificent light of Love shining in each other’s eyes. May you know the comfort that comes with the certainty that the one who stands before you is the perfect reflection of your Highest Self. Allow him/her to be your most ardent admirer, while letting love be the stone with which you polish yourselves, smoothing away the hardened edges. May you bring out the shadow side of each other and then consign it to the light. May you bring out the highest in each other and celebrate it to the fullest. And may your love be a glorious example to the world. So be it.”
― Rev. Edie Weinstein

“being able to hold a real live woman in my arms regularly, brought me a certain level of calm.”
― Haruki Murakami, Killing Commendatore

“Find someone who will teach you the variance of doubt, comfort and preference. And sometimes it's your skin and at times it's those who embrace it fearlessly.”
― Goitsemang Mvula

“It happens often. More than you know. Like when you made me a flower out of the paper scraps I felt guilty throwing away. Like when we sustain eye contact and your pupils start sparkling. Like when you inch closer to me so our skin can touch, and I just want to fall deep, deep down into you (or want you to fall deep, deep down into me). But. I am afraid of how I fall. But. I don't know how to come back to the ground after diving into the ocean. So. I keep falling silently. In my head. In my hips. And I want you to notice. Or.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“If it's meant to be, it will happen naturally.”
― Mary Higgins Clark, All Dressed in White

“People arrived and there was eating, drinking, dancing and misunderstandings between all the couples, married and unmarried. Frank
Schwake wouldn’t talk to his wife, Jean. Jim Collins quarreled in a corner with his wife, Sheila. There was still a coolness between Alberta and me and between Brian and Joyce. Other couples were affected and there were islands of tension all over the apartment. The night would have been ruined except for the way we all united against an outside danger.”
― Frank McCourt, 'Tis

“We may not be able to make people’s decisions, but we can choose to forgive and be made whole in Him.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“The people around you are mirrors, I think to myself. The dog is paddling in the lake, I watch her lap at the water. You see yourself reflected in their eyes. If the mirror is true and smooth, you see your true self. That's how you learn who you are. And you might be a different person to different people, but it's all feedback that you need, in order to know yourself. But if the mirror is broken or cracked or warped, I continue, taking another drag, then the reflection is not true, and you start to believe that you are this bad reflection. When I look in Courtney's eyes, I see a crazy, overbearing woman, with unbearable good fortune, who is trying to ruin him. I pause. I love him, but he hates me, that is what I see. I will have to tell Courtney to leave. I can't live with him anymore.”
― Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman

“You were never created to please people; you were created to please God.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“If you let sharks call the shots, control, and manipulate you, it will lead you down a road of burnout, hopelessness, and even depression.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“People may betray you, but you don’t need to take it personally.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Satan wants to use sharks to move you from your purpose. Don’t let him!”
― Drenda Keesee

“We don’t need to be fearful of sharks, but we do need to have an awareness of them.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“God has called us to love people, to be an example, and to be kind, but we have to take courage and be wise because there are sharks out there.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Everything is sex, but sex isn't everything.”
― Drew Gerald

“Relationships aren't two incomplete halves coming together to make a whole. Rather, it's two complete wholes coming together to create something greater than their sum.”
― Drew Gerald

“Like a tent she had an open slit and she was sick of men trying to build lamps inside her. If a lamp was to be built, no one could see the naked wick.”
― Erin Emily Ann Vance, Advice for Taxidermists and Amateur Beekeepers

“The worst thing women can do for men, is spoil them. I see this all around. A woman thinking that the way to keep a man is by showering him like a baby, giving more than any other woman around could give. It disables men, it creates babies out of men, it removes their ability to be doers and givers. It turns them into sitting ducks. It is the worst thing women can do for men: spoil them. Yes, it ruins them for any other woman; but, not for the good reasons. I never want a woman to come into my son's life and spoil him. I will not let that happen to him. I always tell him: you be with a woman who is your equal, someone you can run with, someone who enables you to be a doer, a giver. Another wolf: someone you can run with.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Even though we know we'll get hurt by thorns, we still go for flowers.”
― Rupal Asodaria (RupalAsodaria.com)

“It took the city of New York to break them up. If that's not romantic, the word must've changed meanings while I wasnt looking.”
― Manuel Marrero

“If we try every day to find that place inside us that can see a little more light and give a little more love, the quality of our life will improve significantly. We all long for love. It is the human inheritance to have such a longing. However, we must discover that in order to find it, we must give it. And when we learn to give it, we find that it is, quite amazingly, everywhere around us.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“We're all a little broken inside...
but we can help fix each other.”
― James S.A. Corey, Georgia Lee

“When being in a toxic relationship in life at times you may have to step outside yourself, to see yourself, so you can find yourself and love yourself again.”
― Angel Moreira

“Sometimes love can be a simple thing but a difficult decision between holding on or letting go”
― N

“We make up stories about the other person. In our minds we build these stories--she is this way, he is that way; look, she always do this, he always do that--and then these things keep us from seeing this person full as they are in the present moment.”
― Roland Merullo, The Delight of Being Ordinary

“This is not a race to get to a closing. This is an experience that begins with understanding the needs of every client and developing the individualized steps for each situation.”
― Doug Fish

“Conquering can give you courage.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“It burns,
I know.
It burns
now,
now that
the story is over,
now that
the daybreak is liquid,
now that
my knees don't creak anymore
and the leaves are blowing
and the highway is humming,
and a few extra pounds is not
a terminal diagnosis.
It burns
in me too
healing me
but the ache is not for you.
It's for my passion.
That used to be your name.
And it's sad, really.
The sting of
too little
too late.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“I came to the conclusion that Women are not bad, they only learned to play dirty like men, and now men learned to be dramatic like women.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“I want to be held, and the things that hold me down do half a job. Some days, I can't even fix it. Some days, I rot on the inside and refuse to cut myself down. Some days, my fruits hit pavement, explode with seeds meant for soil; and only I understand what a wreckage my smile is. Joy is a weight. It's heavy. Can't you carry it for me while I dance around the void, run my nails down its spine? Put a hand on each hip, square your shoulders, grip tightly. The future is trying to take me. Hold me back. Hold me down. Hold on until you're done and forget that I've drifted away before you reach for your pants. Because you knew, didn't you? A blindfold knows its job. And at the end of the day, the most selfish thing is trying to help another person.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“Falling in love is falling in love with our own and another’s truest self. It is ignited by the presence of another but we become beautiful ourselves as well as seeing beauty in the other. A man or woman in love is a magnet for love and affection from everywhere. While we deeply appreciate who God has given us to love, nevertheless, we can learn to be in love with the whole of life. To be in love with Life is to be in touch with our spiritual essence. It is to see beauty and loveliness wherever we go. It is to see the glow of divinity in all those around us. There is less need to fret over our loved one’s presence or absence. There is less need to possessively fear our loved one’s affections or interests. Love does not come from another person, although, it will pass through another’s heart. It comes from the great source of all life.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“To be in love with Life is to be in touch with our spiritual essence. It is to see beauty and loveliness wherever we go. It is to see the glow of divinity in all those around us.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“There is a part of us that knows the timing of any relationship. It knows things that we cannot work out. It knows when to say yes. It knows when to say no. It knows when to wait. It knows when something has finished. It knows when something has started. It knows when we have a responsibility to another person. It knows when the ties are untied. It knows if they are not. It will not betray us or another.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“I remember a seminar I once attended that was led by a brilliant and flamboyant Hungarian analyst named Robert Bak. The issue under debate was the nature of transference, and I raised my hand and asked rhetorically, "What would you call an interpersonal relationship where infantile wishes, and defenses against those wishes, get expressed in such a way that the persons within that relationship don't see each other for what they objectively are but, rather, view each other in terms of their infantile needs and their infantile conflicts. What would you call that?" And Bak looked over at me ironically and said, 'I'd call that life.”
― Janet Malcolm

“I believed that Fufi was my dog, but of course that wasn't true. Fufi was a dog. I was a boy. We got along well. She happened to live in my house. That experience shaped what I've felt about relationships for the rest of my life: You do not own the thing that you love.”
― Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood

“We must have heart and overcome if we are to thrive in life and not merely survive.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“If we are living for the approval of others, we aren’t living for the approval of God.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“You only need one approval, and that’s God’s!”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“If you have to perform for people’s approval, trust me, it’s not worth having.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Trust God and follow His will for your life! His love is unconditional.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Fear and intimidation is the most common and easy shark attack to fall prey to.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Be bold! Be courageous! God’s grace is backing you!”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Why do we try to look for sharks? Why do we try to please the sharks that hurt us, hold us back, and keep us from our destinies?”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“If you allow sharks to dictate your decisions, they will try to exert their will on you more and more.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“The greatest loss is the loss of one’s calling because we were listening to the wrong voices.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“That sense of inferiority is just another word for fear. And fear is simply the self-deception that you are about to be separated from the thing you most value.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“The decisions you make every day are either building up or tearing down your life. What you meditate on, what you think about, and how you use your time set the course for your future.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“You risk failure no matter what you do, so why not do what you love?”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“You can always find a reason to hesitate, to quit, or to delay jumping headfirst into your dreams, but you’ll never step into the call on your life until you do.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“If we live in a place of hurt, how can we be effective in our own lives or in impacting others?”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Hurt feelings destroy so many relationships. Not only that, but they can take us off course from our destinies if we let them.”
― Drenda Keesee

“We’re all looking for others to make us feel special, valued, and even exceptional; and when others fail to do what we need, we get our feelings hurt.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“The culture is out of control, and we can’t afford to fail into their divisive worldly attitudes, which lead to rebellious ways.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Jesus is not a way to truth; He is THE way.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“You and I are called to speak truth, even when the culture tries to pressure us into silence.”
― Drenda Keesee

“We must be careful to say the truth with the least offense, but it has to be the truth nonetheless.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“We must make sure our ways mirror the Word of God if we are going to live free and inherit the blessings of God for our lives. This is not the hour to compromise to keep from getting our feelings hurt.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Our goal should be to represent Jesus in every situation. When I was dealing with sharks, I didn’t have the answers, but God did.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“If you keep your eyes on Jesus and prioritize your walk with Him, you’ll build your life on the right foundation.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“I want to encourage you, don’t settle- build the dream God has given you!”
― Drenda Keesee

“The feeling of obligation can cause you to make bad decisions for your time, family, and destiny.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“It’s not always destruction that keeps us from our destiny; it’s distraction.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Sharks will try to steal your time and intention, but you have to protect your focus. Keep your eyes on Jesus! He will carry you through persecution to victory!”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“We have to fight the battle for our destinies, not the battle for approval.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“We can’t sacrifice the will of God for the approval of people.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“People will criticize the very thing God has called you to do, saying it seems impossible to them, or too hard for them- but that’s why God called you to do it, not them.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Sometimes people will misjudge your heart or what God has called you to do, but it’s not between you and them, it’s between you and God. When we stay focused on the call of God for our lives, He is able to create a legacy for us beyond anything we could have hoped or imagined!”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“The difference between world changers and stagnant drifters comes down to the ability to focus on opportunities, and then seize them.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“God can show you where to capture the fish, but you have to cast the net.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Intimidation isn’t pretty. It compels you to compare yourself to everything and everyone else.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“God wants us to get out of the boat, get into the water, and learn as we go.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Intimidation keeps your eye on you and conveys that image to others.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“When a shark has influence in your life, it makes you want to stay in the boat.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“If you get out of the boat, you’re going to have to learn how to swim. You’re going to have to learn to adapt, think new thoughts, and learn new skill sets. You’re going to have to change, and that’s what God wants!”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Boys can break your heart and betray you, but not in the same stinging way girls can.”
― Riley Sager, The Last Time I Lied

“What I’ve learned from these long voyages of ours is that, in the end, we all strive for our own good. It does not matter what race we are, who we are… We have that one thing in common – the wish to live this life the best way possible. Hence, our definitions of ‘good’ and ‘bad’ always remain subjective – no matter how many perspectives we consider, no matter how objective we try to be, we still judge according to our own beliefs, principles, and opinions – things that we develop throughout our entire life. In truth, nothing is either ‘good’ or ‘bad’ but is both good and bad, all at the same time, depending on the perspective and the relation with other matters. This world is much more versatile than we thought it was. The only universal truth is the energy of life and love – the unending circle, and the undying emotion – interconnected for eternity. Life bears love, and love bears life. Hence, I believe that whatever era may come, major concepts shall never change. We should pave our way and live to our content, staying harmonious with ourselves, because in the end, we shall never know what is right and what is wrong. We interrelate just like the tiniest substances – molecules, atoms, etc. – and the biggest substances – planets, galaxies, universes… During these interrelations, there shall be unions as well as collisions, destructions as well as creations… As long as we live, there shall be both oppositions and friendships. There shall be peace, there shall be war, and then peace again. This shall not change. Hope will motivate us, mind shall guide us, love shall rejoice us, death shall sadden us, but life will go on. Life is always moving and ardent, never to stop or pause. This is the only universal truth that exists in this world – the energy of ardour and life.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“Have you always felt unseen, ignored, or unloved? Congratulations! You're the perfect prey for narcissists who feed off of blind worship and internal sadness. You'll never convince the target of your obsession that your love is what Sade was singing about on that one album. But oh, you will try. And in doing so, you will damage your self esteem. And then, once you will wake up from the stupid spell you put on yourself, you can rail against those narcissists, but it won't affect them. So it's better just to skip ahead to the part where you admit that you're the one who bought the ticket to their show. Choose to want to figure out why you do these things and how to stop. In the end, it's all you can do.”
― Karen Kilgariff, Stay Sexy & Don’t Get Murdered: The Definitive How-To Guide

“Sharks don’t eat fish because of anything the fish do. They don’t eat fish because those fish aren’t good enough fish, or because those fish aren’t nice enough to the sharks. Sharks eat fish because they are sharks.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Night eyes had risen and stretched stiffly. Now he came to lie down beside me. He set his head on my knee. 'I don't understand. You are ill?'
'No. Just stupid.'
'Ah. Nothing new there. Well, you haven't died from that so far.”
― Robin Hobb, Fool's Errand

“They knew they must not hope, but still they hoped, for the reason alone that hope goes with man to the foot of the gallows.”
― María Amparo Ruiz de Burton, The Squatter and the Don

“If you are looking for a pathway to your dreams that won’t require you to have courage, you’ll be looking for the rest of your life.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“In all seasons of the unknown, we have a choice to either be a victim in the tension, or enter into a deeper dependency upon God.”
― Bethany Bell

“Desire is much like fire, it is beautiful and mesmerising, but if unguarded can cause great destruction and loss.”
― Bethany Bell, On Being Single

“Relationships are all about finding that moment of balance and equilibrium so you don’t fall over in life.”
― Lily Morton, Best Man

“Unlike a precious diamond whose form, luster and beauty never change over decades, relationships are altered by the evolution of traversing life.”
― RJ Intindola – (Gandolfo) – 1991

“The hidden secrets and immoral values were slowly sucking the natural beauty out of my native town. I’d become detached, perhaps traumatized. Even the memories of the sweetest coconut water, mangos, and sugar cane couldn’t make up for my discontentment.” Tested Innoence by Bernadette Jeudy - 2019”
― Bernadette Jeudy

“Have you always felt unseen, ignored, or unloved? Congratulations! You're the perfect prey for narcissists who feed off of blind worship and internal sadness. You'll never convince the target of your obsession that your love is what Sade was singing about on that one album. But oh, you will try. And in doing so, you will damage your self esteem. And then, once you wake up from the stupid spell you put on yourself, you can rail against those narcissists, but it won't affect them. So it's better just to skip ahead to the part where you admit that you're the one who bought the ticket to their show. Choose to want to figure out why you do these things and how to stop. In the end, it's all you can do.”
― Karen Kilgariff, Stay Sexy & Don’t Get Murdered: The Definitive How-To Guide

“God has a plan for your life. He wants you to get your hopes up and to dream big, but I would not be wrong to tell you that there are going to be situations that come about which are intended by the enemy to hurt you, bother you, hinder you, and keep you back from your destiny...but the journey is worth it.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“If there’s one thing I’ve learned after a lifetime of facing fears, it’s that there’s no reward without some risk.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“It's not the first kiss that matters. It's the last.”
― Tracy A Malone

“Your dreams are on the other side of your fears!”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“There are no short-cuts to your destiny, just one single choice: Am I going to jump in the water?”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“It’s time to let go of everything that’s held you back, intimidated, or discouraged you in the past. It’s time to be fearless!”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“If you’re waiting for the perfect opportunity, the perfect training, or the perfect tools before you step out in obedience to God, you’ll be waiting forever.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“The one thing every successful person has in common is that they started where they WERE with what they HAD. That’s all they could do, and that’s all you can do too.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Nothing equips you for success like noble failure.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“We wanted to help people, but because we gave so much of an allowance to negative people in our lives, we lost sight of the big picture. We wasted our time on people who couldn’t be pleased, and we felt like we had failed.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“We were somewhere in between, somewhere I could see the light and the dark. Somewhere I could see the world when all I saw was you.”
― Saim .A. Cheeda

“If you always take responsibility for the people who wrong you or don’t like you, you will be bound by a spirit of people pleasing and, ultimately, miss your destiny!”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Great leaders don’t allow failure to redefine their purpose- they use failure to refine their purpose.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Whether you fail or succeed doesn’t alter the identify or purpose God has placed in you.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Giving up on God’s assignment on your life because of naysayers, manipulators, fear, or setbacks is the biggest mistake we can make.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“You have to learn how to deal with difficult situations and difficult people! They are never going away!”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“You live in shark-infested waters. You can either be afraid and intimidated or you can learn to deal with them.”
― Drenda Keesee, Shark Proof

“Even though true love is very different to falling in love, nevertheless, we mustn’t stop the fall of falling in love. There’s a certain surrender to falling in love. We have to let go of something of ourselves to fall in love with another person. When it becomes clear that love is not maintainable under the same belief system that made us fall in love, we can reassess our course. After the fall of falling in love, there is a steep climb back up again but we can make sure that we are climbing in the right direction. And that makes all the difference.”
― Donna Goddard, Love, Devotion, and Longing

“Every breath, every moment, possessed with an illusion of glamor, of filthy decadence, purely because it was ours, we two our own radical world, a star collapsing inward and bursting, gorgeous, in the dark.”
― Katie Lowe, The Furies

“If one person changes in a relationship, the dynamics shift. So even if you’re the only person who’s willing to make some changes—for now—that’s enough.”
― Crismarie Campbell, The Beauty of Conflict for Couples: Igniting Passion, Intimacy and Connection in your Relationship

“A boundary is not a plea, demand, or rule that your partner must follow... or else. A boundary is a decision that you make about how you’re going to lead your own life.”
― Susan Clarke, The Beauty of Conflict for Couples: Igniting Passion, Intimacy and Connection in your Relationship

“Ask your partner for acceptance, not obedience.”
― Susan Clarke, The Beauty of Conflict for Couples: Igniting Passion, Intimacy and Connection in your Relationship

“What if every moment of conflict is a chance to make your relationship even stronger?”
― Crismarie Campbell, The Beauty of Conflict for Couples: Igniting Passion, Intimacy and Connection in your Relationship

“Do you want real intimacy? Real fulfillment? Or do you want an emotionally charged relationship that swings up and down, over and over?”
― Susan Clarke, The Beauty of Conflict for Couples: Igniting Passion, Intimacy and Connection in your Relationship

“Remember, as adults, we don’t need to always get our way, but we do need to feel heard and genuinely considered.”
― Crismarie Campbell, The Beauty of Conflict for Couples: Igniting Passion, Intimacy and Connection in your Relationship

“We're always drawn to the clearest articulation of what we think we lack.”
― Glynnis MacNicol, No One Tells You This

“While she was away, he'd forgotten how powerfully she broadcast her feelings, filling the house like a kind of nerve gas.”
― Stewart O'Nan, Henry, Himself

“When being in a relationship with a great man focus on being an asset to your king and not a liability”
― Angel Moreira

“If we shift as we age toward appreciating everyday pleasures and relationships rather than toward achieving, having, and getting, and if we find this more fulfilling, then why do we take so long to do it? Why do we wait until we’re old? The common view was that these lessons are hard to learn. Living is a kind of skill. The calm and wisdom of old age are achieved over time.”
― Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End

“There for me.' I'm so tired of that phrase. Where is 'there?”
― Marc Grossberg, The Best People: A Tale of Trials and Errors

“The fate of some women: "She was beyond gorgeous. And damaged as hell. Why did those two always seem to go together?”
― Marc Grossberg, The Best People: A Tale of Trials and Errors

“To love is to open oneself up for vulnerabilities
To love is to open oneself up for uncertainties”
― Temi O’Sola

“Never try to make excuses for people. Sometimes a person might be good, but not be good for you.
Other times, a person’s not good because they’re just not good - all they bring you is heartaches, misery and all things undeserving. And you need to understand that it’s alright for a person to be bad and that not even you can change them, unless they want to.”
― Temi O’Sola

“Avoiding the Truth is the same as telling a lie”
― Darius Cordell

“Haar Zakham Kisi Thokar ki Meherbani Hain,
Haar Zakham Kisi Thokar ki Meherbani Hain.
Meri Zindagi baas ek Kahani Hain.
Agar Mita dete us Dard ko Sine se!
Fir Kya Rehjata?
Baas Akhri Nishani hain." -T∆NV€€®”
― Tanveer Hossain Mullick

“Starting all over again with your ex-lover is like watching a new movie on an old black-and-white TV. ~ Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu”
― Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu

“There are people and things we cherish, that others do not themselves, that others may even ridicule us for, but this is precisely why we must.”
― J. Andrew Schrecker, Post-Millennium Rhapsody

“For human intercourse, as soon as we look at it for its own sake and not as a social adjunct, is seen to be haunted by a spectre. We cannot understand each other, except in a rough and ready way; we cannot reveal ourselves, even when we want to; what we call intimacy is only a makeshift; perfect knowledge is an illusion.”
― E.M. Forster, Aspects of the Novel

“If there's anything romcoms have taught us about spontaneous gifting, it's that the big expensive presents are often a sign of guilt. But not the small, sort of rubbish presents. It seems to me that a cheap bag of crisps says a whole lot more than a gold necklace. It says 'You occupy such a vast space in my mind, I think of you so constantly, that my day-to-day life throws up constant reminders of you.' That person is, subconsciously or not, considered in everything you do and everywhere you go. Even in somewhere as mundane as the supermarket snack aisle.”
― Ali Pantony, Almost Adults

“In nature, Yin (feminine) and Yang (masculine) are balanced and equal. Ust as in nature, if society values one over the other, it weakens both and creates an unnatural state, where harmony is lost and turbulence is created.”
― S. J Gold

“This is a crisis in our culture because we have stopped raising MEN and wee are raising P U S I L L A N I M O U S males at epidemic proportions!”
― S. J. Gold

“When being in a relationship focus on being an asset to your significant other and not a liability”
― Angel Moreira

“Theirs was a private language, not shared with the rest of the world, and so exempt from censure, sheer burlesque.”
― Stewart O'Nan, Henry, Himself

“There was mystery at the heart of any of marriage, secrets even people close to it would never know.”
― Stewart O'Nan, Henry, Himself

“I would wack off a lot and hug my pillow imagining my ex”
― Owen Cook

“You entered the picture and lit my world with laughter and light and wonder. Welcome and warm. You ran by me, a dart of the eyes, a quick glance, flicking of sweat off your fingertips, and I wanted to take a shower, wash off Dad, and bathe in you.
So much of what I am, he made. Forged it in me. I know that. But Dad used pain to rid me of pain. Leaving me empty and hurting. You poured in you and filled me up. For the first time, I felt no pain.
You gave me the one thing he never did. Love, absent a stopwatch.”
― Charles Martin, The Mountain Between Us

“nem hagyom
hogy beépíts az életedbe
amikor
azt akarom hogy
együtt építsünk fel egy életet

- a különbség”
― Rupi Kaur, Milk and Honey

“To live is to grieve.”
― Leigh Bardugo, King of Scars

“As parents, we have been entrusted with such a precious prize: the lives of eternal souls.”
― Drenda Keesee, The New Vintage Family: A Vintage Look for the Modern-Day Family

“All significant relationships have a price. It’s not that relationships are a sacrifice. After all, who wants a life of sacrifice? It is more a matter of priorities. We can’t do everything in life and we can’t be with everyone in life. In choosing what we will do and with whom, we automatically make priorities. If something is at the top of our list then other things have to come second or third or last.”
― Donna Goddard, Love, Devotion, and Longing

“He'd do anything to have me at this moment. Anything I asked. Kill for me. Die for me. Bathe in the blood of hundreds just so he could breathe his last in me. This is the strength that topples kings. Ends empires. Even breaks the sky. This is power.”
― Jay Kristoff, Nevernight

“Truly loving people are uncommon. They are as uncommon as awake people. Our success in learning about love will directly correlate to our level of happiness. It is certainly worth persevering with the learning process which involves a great deal of honesty, introspection, and forgiveness. Even if we are the only one in the relationship on that path, it doesn’t matter. We will still be blessed with our own happiness and isn’t that the bottom line of what we all want? Our first responsibility is to create a happy life for ourselves. If the other person in the relationship learns to also value love, honesty, and forgiveness then the relationship will transform, usually slowly, into a strong connection which is good for the couple and others alike.”
― Donna Goddard, Love, Devotion, and Longing

“the art of letting you go hasn’t been a graceful one.”
― K.Y. Robinson, The Chaos of Longing

“i no longer wait for the sea
to whisper your waves back to me...”
― K.Y. Robinson, Submerge

“When I miss the good times,
I must remember that
No matter how hard I tried,
I could never wash the taste
Of doubt off my lips,
That every flavor of your kiss
Hit me with pungent loneliness
(Even when the touch of your
Hands felt like salvation),
And that this "safe space"
I worshiped through my poems
Was a product of my imagination
More than your words or actions.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“There is no such thing as failure in love. Relationships end, but they don’t fail. Love is only a failure when you don’t learn and you don’t try.”
― Amy Chan, Breakup Bootcamp: The Science of Rewiring Your Heart

“You can’t lose what’s real”
― Daniel Mangena

“Those who dont matter, dont matter. Those who matter respects you and those who respect you are all that matters.”
― Janna Cachola

“you used to find refuge in me but now you’re swimming against the current of us.
my desperation grows more teeth
trying to make you stay
and ripping the sinews of my heart.”
― K.Y. Robinson, Submerge

“As friends, you are very happy, and your frequent quarrels soon blow over, but I fear you would both rebel if you were mated for life. You are too much alike, and to fond of freedom, not to mention hot tempers and strong wills, to get on happily together, in a relation which needs infinite patience and forbearance, as well as love.”
― Louisa May Alcott, LITTLE WOMEN

“With the utmost love as our motivation, we somethings think we are doing what is best for our children by protecting them from unpleasantness or cruelty. All we are really doing is shielding ourselves from owning up to misfortune or bad judgment.”
― Debi Tolbert Duggar, Riding Soul-O

“The problem, she's starting to understand, is that a man will never let you fall completely into hell. He will scoop you up right before you drop the final inch so that you cannot blame him for sending you there. He keeps you in a dinerlike purgatory instead, waiting and hoping and taking orders.”
― Lisa Taddeo, Three Women

“C. Dick helped me discover that I was no longer interested in redefining myself just to please a man, and I found out I could end a relationship simply because it wasn't meeting my needs.”
― Debi Tolbert Duggar, Riding Soul-O

“I'd love to date someone who is a bit distance away from me, someone who is cool, loving and respect me”
― Ephraim Mkhabela

“Many Christian women desire to be happily married to a Godly loving husband, but what they don't know is holding them back.”
― Mia J. Bryan, Irresistible: The Ultimate Guide to Marriage Preparation

“Those who consider people bridges will use them.

Those who view people as humans will try to befriend them.

Those who see their partners as persons they can dump are bound to attract dumpsters and doomed they are to attract but the trash bins.”
― Lamine Pearlheart, Aether

“I think we fear that if we give ourselves away we are certain to lose ourselves in the giving. And I would suggest that you cannot lose yourself in ‘giving yourself away.’ Rather, you lose yourself when you ‘squander’ yourself away.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“If someone awakens in us a desire we'd rather not have, we try not to like that person. However, if that fails, we then seek something likeable in him, something good enough to make the desire for him less bothersome, more endurable.”
― Elif Shafak, The Flea Palace

“Ayshin's love is like the helm of bureaucracy. She files her correspondence, makes calculations, keeps records, deducts the expenses from the income and thus maintains a colossal archive. She never forgets a quarrel; not only does she not forget, she makes sure it is not forgetten as well.”
― Elif Shafak, The Flea Palace

“It's not worth it to remain in a relationship that has grown too old to make you feel too young at heart. ~ Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu”
― Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu

“Unless you have a plan- a list of your priorities to do- you’re planning to fail.”
― Drenda Keesee, The New Vintage Family: A Vintage Look for the Modern-Day Family

“Divorcing the act of GETTING from the act of OFFERING opens up the door to building stronger relationships, stronger trust and more respect with the people WE serve.”
― nick catricala

“The price of a successful relationship is devotion. Devotion is, essentially, commitment to something we value. We are devoted to the wellbeing of another person and the wellbeing of the relationship. We honour the value of the other person and we honour the worth of the relationship.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“And sometimes that's just what happens. People grow apart.”
― Becky Albertalli, The Upside of Unrequited

“Relationships are tested by distance, love is put to the test by closeness.”
― Luigina Sgarro

“Le relazioni sono messe alla prova dalla distanza, l'amore è messo alla prova dalla vicinanza.”
― Luigina Sgarro

“Love can lie too.”
― Sarah Mello, Westcott High

“How they became friends was no great mystery, but now they remained so, braided together beyond their shared college quarters, this transcended the usual alchemy of optimism and obligation that kept friendships intact, kept people from fading into other categories: old friend, college friend, just someone I once knew. None of the four would ever be just anything to the others...”
― Elizabeth Ames, The Other's Gold

“After all, the only thing harder than allowing yourself to care is pretending that you don't.”
― Sarah Mello, Westcott High

“I might one day risk falling in love again, but I was not going to lose my heart to the cardiologist.”
― Deborah Levy, The Cost of Living: A Working Autobiography

“I can see now that it's the little things, the small efforts, that keep a relationship going. And I know now that too in some small measure I have the power to hurt him and also the power to make it better.”
― Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You

“Sometimes when we feel broken inside we try to look for other things to fix, and to fill ourselves; to fill our identity and to make ourselves feel good, but when you're broken you’ll often be attracted to people who are broken too.”
― Judy Ho

“Social media is a hotbed for insecurities. In my practice, I’ve actually seen people break up relationships over fights about social media. This is kind of a new era of marital and relationship conflict. It all comes down to intention.”
― Judy Ho

“Sometimes Mike would fuck her and I’d watch. They didn’t go to bed; they didn’t even take their clothes off. Mike would just stick it into her, stick it in at the crook of her elbow, and tease her till she moaned. Then he’d press the plunger and her whole body would shudder in a junk orgasm.”
― Barry Graham, The Book of Man

“Toxic drama has no part in real love. Lying to protect you is still lying.”
― Sarah McDugal

“The love is murdered by lies, it cannot be resurrected by excuses.”
― Sarah McDugal

“What doesn't kill you makes you stronger... and gives you a dark and twisted sense of humor.”
― Sarah McDugal

“Any relationship which could be ruined by talking about your feelings, standards, or expectations -- wasn't a healthy relationship to begin with, darlin'.”
― Sarah McDugal

“Our greatest lesson in this lifetime is to practice opening our hearts, even when it hurts.

Especially when it hurts.”
― Amy Chan, Breakup Bootcamp: The Science of Rewiring Your Heart

“Bad timing can stay bad for a long time.”
― Emura, W Juliet, Vol. 2

“Find a partner where both of you can’t wait for the other to wake up in the morning. Relationships like this make a morning cup of coffee special, heartwarming and to the point of excitement.”
― Ron Baratono

“Love is a powerful Emotion even a New Born understands,
It has kept its word in History and Mythology; it has and will never die.”
― Somya Kedia

“Exit the land of delusion
where falsehood lives like a king.
Let the bridge of faith take you places
where your caged soul can take wing.”
― Hingori, Guru Sutra: The Guru Who Wont Keep Spiritual Secrets

“If people cheat, it's because something other than the relationship is more important to them. It may be power over others. It may be validation through sex. It may be giving in to their own impulses.”
― Mark Manson, 2 Books Collection Series: The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck & Everything Is F*cked

“To find your perfect relationship you have to first learn to love your own company.”
― Steven Aitchison

“You can't have a deep and fulfilling relationship with someone until you truly understand yourself. When you learn to be alone and love your own company you will never need anybody else in your life. So anybody you do let into your life will be from a place of love instead of from a place of need.”
― Steven Aitchison

“We must not judge those whose shoes we are unable to walk in ourselves. Every human has an intuitive, guidance that is often clear to them but not to others”
― Ashta-Deb, Life Happens to Us: A True Story

“I don’t want to forget what it feels like to have someone touch me. I don’t want to forget what it feels like to touch other people.”
― A.E.M., Phoenix Incandescent

“But that's the funny thing about love. Sometimes love can be deceiving. And sometimes, in the worst cases, love isn't love at all.”
― Sarah Mello, Westcott High

“Because every decision impacts everything that follows. Especially the wrong ones.”
― Sarah Mello, Westcott High

“Sometimes, things just happen. Things that will change everything. Things that change you.”
― Sarah Mello, Westcott High

“Because some girls don't just fall down; some fall from grace.”
― Sarah Mello, Westcott High

“But all good things must come to an end—and I hear the greatest things tend to end quicker than they started.”
― Sarah Mello, Westcott High

“Perhaps the only thing worse than learning a secret is being kept from you is knowing you aren't the type to let it go.”
― Sarah Mello, Westcott High

“But that's the tricky thing about love. If you aren't the type to walk away, and you aren't the kind of person who moves on quickly, you subsequently become the one who stays.”
― Sarah Mello, Westcott High

“Anger is fear's bodyguard”
― Celeste Ng, Little Fires Everywhere

“Some secrets are never supposed to be discovered. But if you're real lucky, when you're least expecting it, the most incriminating secrets will show themselves.”
― Sarah Mello, Westcott High

“Humans have a tendency to look for things in the places where it is easiest to search for them rather than in the places where the truth is more likely to be found.”
― Esther Perel, The State of Affairs: Rethinking Infidelity

“Before we discuss intuition in greater
detail, let us first dispel the myths that intuition is some kind of a ‘fluke’ of
nature. I would like you to
understand that intuition is a skill that can be
developed just as any other skills that you acquire. It comes from you, from no one else! Because we have not experienced that zone, that part, that dimension of our being, we have forgotten it.
- HDH Bhagawan Sri Nithyananda Paramashivoham, in the book "Living Enlightenment".”
― Paramahamsa Nithyananda, Living Enlightenment

“A philosophically informed vision helps us respond to reversals intelligently, not Impulsively, so that we can act to mitigate the situation, not aggravate it.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Low self-esteem means showing yourself
or imagining yourself to be less than what
you are. High self-esteem is imagining
yourself to be much more than what you
are. Again, this is also based on the
opinions of others. You judge yourself
based on your lifestyle rather than your life.
- HDH Bhagavan Sri Nithyananda Paramashivam, in the book "Living Enlightenment”
― Paramahamsa Nithyananda, Living Enlightenment

“Psychology explains that thoughts arise in
the brain, and emotions from the heart.
Irrespective of where they arise from,
thoughts and emotions are inseparable.
Ancient scriptures say that thoughts create
us. So do emotions. We become what our
emotions are. Managing our emotions is
crucial to transforming our lives.

- HDH Bhagavan Sri Nithyananda Paramashivam, in the book "Living Enlightenment”
― Paramahamsa Nithyananda, Living Enlightenment

“When love is real. You both will do whatever you can to build and construct a solid relationship. It will be hard work but it's possible, We all come with pros and cons. If it's real, it will never be over.”
― Katherine Vargas

“Level-headed pragmatism in the face of destiny is the most empowering option in a dis- empowering situation.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Some people think very cleverly, ‘Let me
live my whole life the way I want to live.
In the last few moments, I will remember
god and chant His name and enter heaven
somehow.’ Please be very clear, only that
which you thought of in your whole life,
will come up when you leave the body.
Don’t think that at that last moment you
can play the game! No!
- HDH Bhagavan Sri Nithyananda Paramashivoham, in the book "Living Enlightenment”
― Paramahamsa Nithyananda, Living Enlightenment

“He deserved all of you, including the parts you did not want to give.”
― Lisa Taddeo, Three Women

“A common blunder that we make is that we often talk about people instead of talking with people.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“DURING OUR LIFE JOURNEY, we are not here to see through each other; we are here to see each other through.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Art is like friendship; once the connection stops, it becomes more difficult to reconnect.”
― Rupal Asodaria

“To remove thorns from the path of those who have filled our path with thorns - That is the summit of selfless love.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“The Ramayana's message is not that we passively give in to Destiny, but that we gallantly stick to Duty.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“The day you convince yourself that you've mastered your craft or profession or even your relationships, is the day you cease to live. The thirst for knowledge and the mind's ravenous appetite for constant growth and evolution helps sustain a meaningful existence. If you cease to aim higher, you will surely fall short.”
― Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity

“Why are we afraid of
death?

We are afraid because instinctively we resist change and death is an abrupt change
in life.
- HDH Bhagawan Sri Nithyananda Paramashivoham, in the book "Living Enlightenment".”
― Paramahamsa Nithyananda, Living Enlightenment

“Valuing relations over possessions is foundational for the sustenance of family, society, and humanity at large.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Emotions are the ornaments of life. But we need to choose the emotions that bring out our higher side, not our lower side.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“And I think now, as my fiftieth birthday draws near, about the American novelist Thomas Wolfe, who was only thirty-eight years old when he died. He got a lot of help in organizing his novels from Maxwell Perkins, his editor at Charles Scribner’s Sons. I have heard that Perkins told him to keep in mind as he wrote, as a unifying idea, a hero’s search for a father.
It seems to me that really truthful American novels would have the heroes and heroines alike looking for mothers instead. This needn’t be embarrassing. It’s simply true.
A mother is much more useful.
I wouldn’t feel particularly good if I found another father.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Breakfast of Champions

“There is nothing sexy about trashing someone you claim to love; quickly pointing out their faults but never singing their praises. Through good and bad times respect for your partner should never falter. Proudly hold them in the highest regard. If you continue to break your partner down, someone more deserving will pick up the pieces.”
― Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings

“Every relationship is an education.

Each new person we welcome into our hearts is a chance to evolve into something radically different than we used to be.”
― Brian K. Vaughan, Saga #5

“At their peak, affairs rarely lack imagination. Nor do they lack desire, abundance of attention, romance, and playfulness. Shared dreams, affection, passion and endless curiosityーall these are natural ingredients found in the adulterous plot. They are also ingredients of thriving relationships. It is no accident that many of the most erotic couples lift their marital strategies directly from the infidelity playbook.”
― Esther Perel, The State of Affairs: Rethinking Infidelity

“Každé manželstvo má svoje zlé stránky, lebo každý človek má nejakú slabosť. A každý, kto s niekým žije, sa s jeho slabosťou istým spôsobom naučí zaobchádzať. Môže ju vnímať napríklad ako nesmierne tažký kus nábytku a naučiť sa upratovať okolo neho. Aby sa nenarušila ilúzia. Samozrejme, je mu jasné,
že pod nábytkom sa hromadí špina, no naučí sa ju odsúvať tak ďaleko, aby ju nevideli hostia. Potom však jedného dňa ktosi bez opýtania odsunie nábytok a všetko vyjde najavo. Špina aj ryhy. Trvalé poškodenie parkiet. No a vtedy je už neskoro.”
― Fredrik Backman, Britt-Marie Was Here

“As if tears were the necessary lubricant without which the machine of mutual communication could not work successfully, the two sisters, after these tears, started talking, not about what preoccupied them , but about unrelated things, and yet they understood eachother.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“walk on the inside away from the curb / no public displays of affection / when you call, let the phone ring twice / hang up and then dial again”
― Wanda Coleman, Heavy Daughter Blues: Poems and Stories, 1968-1986

“His relationship with the Catholic Church ended the way love affairs tend to: a priest wanted him to believe a blatant lie, and that was the end of it.”
― Gabriela Wiener, Sexographies

“Selfishness in the dominant dating culture most clearly manifests itself in the attitude that human relationships, and by implication people themselves, are disposable.”
― Daniel E. Johnson, Disposable: When Dating Is Not Loving Your Neighbor

“She will find it less necessary to carve out of you what needs to be carved out because she has someone else now who needs her knife.”
― Carlene Bauer, Frances and Bernard

“Repeat after me: I only invest my energy into people who invest in me. I only date people who intentionally want to get to know me. I do not chase people and try to convince them to like me.”
― Amy Chan, Breakup Bootcamp: The Science of Rewiring Your Heart

“f you shift your perspective and stop expecting your relationship is supposed to MAKE you happy, you stop giving your power to someone else. You'll stop feeling entitled that it's someone's responsibility to make you feel good”
― Amy Chan, Breakup Bootcamp: The Science of Rewiring Your Heart

“The greatest power of love is in its capability to revive, regenerate and expand after we have experienced and overcome difficulties in our relationships.”
― Tatjana Ostojic

“Having a child together doesn't guarantee a future wedding. Never let your present partner suffer because of your baby mama or baby daddy. Careful of comprising your future happiness for an 'X you can't solve.”
― Tshepo Ramodisa, Trust

“Sometimes you miss someone... think of them nostalgically... but then you see them again, and you’re like, nah.”
― Steve Maraboli

“I love you in the future tense: I will love you, tomorrow and the day after and the day after that until there are no more days left for us.”
― Chuck Wendig, Wanderers

“People were always wanting me to show some weakness so they could reassure me. It made them feel worthy.”
― Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends

“People didn't stick because I was made of fucking Teflon. I'd always told myself that it was better that way, that being alone was easier. That I wasn't a coward for easing my way out of friendships before they could really start.”
― Sarah Gailey, Magic for Liars

“In them and between them flourished the heat of life, the madness of love, and the sudden absolute certainty of the end of all that they knew.”
― Chuck Wendig, Wanderers

“It’s your crap that’s endearing. It’s the basis of any relationship, way beyond even the choice of who wins on to whom. It’s crap that sustains things. The mutual vulnerability that comes from knowing each other’s crap. How shallow would we be if you only felt things for people on account of their successes? How likely would that be to survive?”
― Nick Earls, Zigzag Street

“He was not her therapist now but her lover, and if you couldn't make your lover angry, then what kind of lover was he? She saw the awful bind that one was put in when one's lover was also one's therapist-- how their objective eye and soothing voice could become the distancing device of a professional manner. A man doing his job--it was intolerable to be judged by such an eye, as if he were somehow above it all, and did not have any problems himself, any emotions that he could not control.”
― Kim Stanley Robinson, Green Mars

“Some people are just so scared of relationships and they run away as soon as things get serious. Some people are just too lazy and unloving and so, once the puppy phase ends in a relationship, they stop putting in effort. And they end up feeling empty one day for, such people are the ones who take things for granted, who can never love anyone seriously and truly. And there are others, who over think and end up destroying the relationships.”
― Jyoti Patel

“There is no doubt that you will touch a life today. It's just the manner in which you choose to do so, and how that will leave both yourself and everyone you touched once it's over.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“You're brave and smart and kind and I'd be a fool not to trust you.”
― Chuck Wendig, Wanderers

“And in the way fate works, the cruel and funny asshole that it can be, my father withheld love from my mom and my mom did whatever she could to get it, a replica of the environment she had growing up.”
― Jennifer Pastiloff, On Being Human: A Memoir of Waking Up, Living Real, and Listening Hard

“Nothing except the desire between them, the ground below them, the night above.”
― Chuck Wendig, Wanderers

“Stupid. This was all so stupid. We had already broken up. I’d done all my crying. I’d vented to Emily and my mom – remapped my future into a life that didn’t include him. So why did I feel as raw and vulnerable as I had the moment he broke up with me?”
― Rachael Arsenault, She Who Rises

“Why are girls determined to have emotionally heated conversations when they're drunk? In my observation, too much alcohol makes guys one-dimensional hornballs and girls unpredictable basket cases, and under these dangerous circumstances they attempt to walk into the nearest house party and look for love. And people wonder why their relationships are so messed up.”
― Katie Kacvinsky, First Comes Love

“But isn't that what friendship is? Isn't that what love is? It's more than caring and laughing and inspiring. It's about taking hurt and anger off people's shoulders and helping carry the weight. It's more important to love people on their worst days than their best.”
― Katie Kacvinsky, First Comes Love

“If only two were one, it was us.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“You aren’t married married until three days into a discussion about if getting a toaster oven would be worth sacrificing the counter space.”
― Fuad Alakbarov

“Valentine's Day is just another day to truly love like there is no tomorrow.”
― Roy A. Ngansop

“I didn't want to be in a relationship that required me to erase parts of who I was”
― Stefanie Sybens, Letters from the What-Went-Before

“How could two people who were so lost be so complete together?”
― Stefanie Sybens, Letters from the What-Went-Before

“Some people allow you to be yourself when they are with you. They are magic!”
― Avijeet Das

“Working in a company is euphoric and it is even blissful because of the people who treated you as family.”
― Krizha Mae G. Abia

“Não quero mais ter razão na vida, só quero ter amor.”
― Carpinejar, Cuide dos pais antes que seja tarde

“O que importa é estar junto para o que der e vier. Família não é para concordar, mas para apoiar qualquer que seja o caminho adotado.”
― Carpinejar, Cuide dos pais antes que seja tarde

“When we give our attention and love to anything in life, it is a significant offering. We only have so much time. What we spend it on and who we give it to will determine the course of our life.”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“Stop saying yes to stuff you hate. Learn to embrace the liberating power of, "NO".”
― Steve Maraboli

“In our modern day and age, words like faithfulness, lifelong commitment, and covenant are not very popular. Instead, we prefer words such as soul mate, true love, and happiness. But the truth is, these feelings-based words do not produce the type of enduring marriages that we long for.”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“Contrary to Hollywood's shallow messages about true love, marriage isn't so much about fireworks and perfect matches as it is about lasting, sacrificial commitment. It's about selflessly agreeing to love another human being until you die. It's about choosing to join lives as a team to serve and glorify God together.”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“You are the stars hidden by clouds. I know you’re there even when I can’t see you. Your shine peeks out and reaches me in the depths of my soul. Tell me your arms are long enough to reach me across oceans. Tell me someday we will be together, somehow, some way. Tell me that this love we have can survive being together as well as we’ve survived being apart. Tell me we are more than the chasm of our divide.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn

“Just because a guy is a Christian doesn't automatically mean he is a good fit for me (or that I am a good fit for him). Good marriages are built on more than two nice Christians getting married. Since the purpose of marriage is to glorify God and serve Him well together, I realized that I need to marry a guy with whom I could serve the Lord effectively.”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“To a narrative therapist, there are few interactions between couples that are not influenced by patriarchy. If there is an abuse of power in a relationship, a narrative therapist would view the responsibility for the abuse of power as lying in the hands of the person abusing the power. A narrative approach would invite the abuser to Recognize the abuse as abuse. Position himself against it. Accept total responsibility for stopping it.”
― Patricia Evans, Verbally Abusive Relationship

“Loss of a relationship is painful, but if you lose yourself in a relationship, when it ends, it's devastating, because you are lost.”
― Darlene Lancer

“This felt like a golden opportunity to alert Dan to some non-negotiables I had regarding men. "Bear with me," I told Dan. "This is going to be a long list. I don't like strong scents, so that kind of prohibits waking up next to someone of the opposite sex, or any sex, really. I'm extremely sensitive to smell. I have a problem with smelling anyone's breath. I'm not the kind of person who can get past that. I get turned off very easily. It could be anything. It could be finding out they have a cat, or seeing their apartment, or they could love room temperature water...Feet are tricky. That's why I like to lead with them. When I meet a guy I like, I take out a foot and show him what he'll be dealing with if things go any further. Put your worse foot forward. That's how I like to start a conversation. And then, when they're gracious enough to tolerate me and my feet, God forbid they have a weird foot or a double-decker toe - I can't deal with it...Also, I have too many questionable habits that no man would be cool with, and by the way, if there was a guy that was cool with them, I'm not sure I'd be interested in him..I can get icked out so easily. I'm aware this behavior is unreasonable and immature, and I'd like it to stop. I don't want to get turned off so easily, but I just don't know how to get past a bad pair of shoes, or...male jewelry.”
― Chelsea Handler, Life Will Be the Death of Me: . . . and You Too!

“I just want her to look at me and know that she's not just beautiful because of the strength she tries to project, but also because of the things she thinks make her look weak.”
― Melanie A. Smith, Everybody Lies

“Unlike traditional marriages that are committed to material safety and comfort, the spiritual partnership goes one step further and makes a commitment to mutual spiritual growth. Within spiritual partnerships, the focus is not just on us, our needs, our desires, and our petty grievances – instead, the focus gradually becomes local, national, and global.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“The role of the twin flame is to aid you in the development of inner wholeness, harmony, and self-realization (Oneness) – but this journey certainly isn’t full of sunshine and roses. In fact, the meeting of two twin flames is like the meeting of the sun and moon, earth and sky, fire and water: both partners mirror precisely what the other lacks. Understandably this can create divine harmony, but also intense conflict within a relationship.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“Falling in love is an amazingly transcendental adventure. It is a great blessing to experience something so pure and sacred. So how can such an experience become corrupted? The answer is that our motivations sully the experience – but these motivations are usually entirely unconscious (that is, below our conscious awareness). When finding love is used as a way of escaping ourselves, it becomes more like a drug to numb our pain, rather than a spiritual journey. The experience is cheapened as conditions are placed upon the relationship for it to work. The dominant unspoken condition is: “You must make me happy and distract me enough from my pain and emptiness for this to work.” When this condition isn’t met consistently, the relationship begins to sour, decompose, and break apart.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“You should not have to rip yourself into pieces to keep others whole.”
― Faraaz Kazi

“The best person to talk about the problems in your relationship is the person you're in a relationship with.”
― Faraaz Kazi

“The sole purpose of twin flame relationships is to help us spiritually mature and become the best versions of ourselves possible. Perhaps the most powerful aspect of these connections is their ability to expose the dark, disowned, fractured parts of ourselves that we’ve hidden away (known as the ‘shadow self’) relentlessly.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“One of the most painful stages in the twin flame relationship is that of the “runner and chaser” dynamic. After the initial stages of ecstatic union and fairy-tale partnership, things start to heat up. Egos begin to clash, core wounds, insecurities, and traumas are rubbed raw, and shadow selves lash out. As a result, it’s inevitable that almost every twin flame relationship will battle through drama and dysfunction at first.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“Jim was such a nice man. I had to give him that. (But be careful here, Angela: whenever a woman says about her suitor, "He's such a nice man," you can be sure she is not in love.)”
― Elizabeth Gilbert

“No matter what level of mental and emotional maturity both partners are at, a twin flame relationship is based on mutual respect, compassion, and the desire to grow. Any form of intentionally inflicted physical, emotional, psychological, or spiritual abuse should be seen as a BIG red flag – and I would advise running for the hills as soon as possible.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“Break free from the societal conditioning which makes you believe that your self-worth, fulfillment, and fundamental wholeness is based on whether you’re in a relationship or not. Learn to love being alone. Enjoy your own company. Explore who you are. Do some soul-searching. You don’t need another person to fulfill you.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“A relationship that involves physical, emotional, psychological, or spiritual abuse is not a twin flame relationship. There is a difference between painful emotional and mental shifts in perception, and gaslighting. There is a difference between Life asking you to change and ‘upgrade’ as a result of your relationship, and your partner demanding that you change to appease their selfish domineering desires. There is a difference between acting out wounds and perpetuating toxic narcissistic behavior. There is a difference between unconsciously triggering each other’s shadows, and deliberately triggering the other with malice and hatred.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“When you sow your seed, when you perform your beneficence, your act of charity, in whatever shape or form, you surrender some party of your personality and absorb a part of another; you commune with another being.”
― Dostoevsky Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot

“You got that right, buddy," Paddy thought, but what Frost saw was a man nodding his dead in a knowing and sympathetic way. Paddy had learned the trick from a funeral parlor director in Brooklyn.”
― Marc Grossberg, The Best People: A Tale of Trials and Errors

“But let me tell you one more thing, Paddy Moran. This comes from hard experience. Be careful. This may be the fourth-largest city in the United States, but everyone knows everyone here. It's a bad place to fall.”
― Marc Grossberg, The Best People: A Tale of Trials and Errors

“I quickly learned that it takes a lot more than good looks and passion to maintain long-term love.”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“Prematurely labeling your relationship as a ‘twin flame’ or ‘soul mate’ partnership can create unnecessary stress. “Why?” you may wonder. The answer is that when we label love too early, we create the unnecessary pressure of having to live up to these beliefs and expectations.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“Where is this guy going in life? Does he have a kingdom mindset? Do we share similar passions for life? Could I support his vision as his wife and teammate? Would we make a better team together than apart?”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“Whether you are single or married, one of the most effective ways to influence godly leadership in men is through words of encouragement.”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“Choosing a husband will be one of the biggest decisions you will ever make. This will be the man you will spend the rest of your life with. You will fall asleep next to him at night. Wake up next to him in the morning. Spend holidays together. Raise children together. Be grandparents together. Create your best memories together. Share your hardest moments together.”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“If a man truly understands the gospel, and truly understands what Christ did for him, he will be passionate about Christ. If he's not passionate about his relationship with God, you need to know why. Why isn't he passionate about the Savior who gave up His life for him?”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“Before you enter into a romantic relationship with any guy, I highly encourage you to ask yourself these three questions too. Is this guy a genuine Christian? Are we both mature enough to enter into a serious relationship? Could I see myself potentially marrying him?”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“Just because we loved each other and wanted to get married didn't automatically mean we should.”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“If your dating relationship is sustained by sin, what will sustain your marriage?”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“If a guy pressures you to compromise sexually, he is not showing you Christlike, agape love. He's not encouraging you toward purity and holiness. He's not striving to honor God in that area of the relationship. He's focusing on his wants and is sadly using you to satisfy them. He's being selfish and putting his desires above all else.”
― Bethany Baird, Love Defined: Embracing God's Vision for Lasting Love and Satisfying Relationships

“The common ways of 'dealing with problems' are escapism and indulgence.
Rare of us realize that inside issues can never be fixed on the outside.”
― Tatjana Ostojic

“Soul mates are people in our lives whom we connect to on a deep level. As the name implies, soul mates are primarily friends of the soul. If you have found your soul mate they will likely be the best, and truest friend, you will ever have. You’ll be able to share everything with your soul mate, from your wildest dreams to your most shameful secrets. Nothing is off limits.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“How many men have asked you to marry them?'

'Not a lot. Most had too strong an instinct for self-preservation.”
― Penelope Lively, Moon Tiger

“Individuals blind to the sexual opposite within them, be they men or women, never realise that the partner they choose is chosen because he or she bears some resemblance to the anima or animus. The anger and hurt felt at the 'true discovery' of the partner's failings is really anger and hurt directed at oneself; and this would become apparent, were one to see the dark figure within one's own unconscious impelling one into a particular relationship. Like always attracts like; rather than railing at the partner, one should take a long, close look at one's own psychic makeup. But it is easier to complain bitterly --- to analysts, marriage counsellors, and also astrologers --- that yet another relationship has collapsed and yet another partner has proved to be a bad choice. It is also fashionable to blame this on the failures of the parent of the opposite sex; but the past continues to live within a person not only because in some way it is part of his own substance, but also because he permits it to do so.
When a disastrous relationship occurs once, we may fool ourselves into believing it is chance; when it occurs twice, it has become a pattern, and a pattern is an unmistakable indication that the anima or animus is at work in the unconscious, propelling the helpless ego into relationships or situations which are baffling, painful, and frighteningly repetitive. Again, it is much wiser to look within oneself for the source of the pattern, rather than at the inherent failure of the opposite sex. For these destructive patterns are the psyche's way of making itself known, although great effort is often required to fulfil its demand for transformation. And great sacrifices also are required - of such precious commodities as one's pride, one's self-image, one's self-righteousness.”
― Liz Greene, Relating: An Astrological Guide to Living With Others on a Small Planet

“A twin flame is a person who is your friend, lover, and teacher in this life. He or she is the catalyst of your spiritual growth and the mirror of your deepest desires, needs, and fears. Your twin flame will reflect back to you all of your inner shadows, but also your deepest beauty and greatest strengths. In this way, your twin flame helps you to access tremendous emotional, psychological, and spiritual growth.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“A business relationship is more powerful than a transaction”
― Mac Duke The Strategist

“Twin flames do not “complete” you because you are already innately “complete” at a soulful level. Instead, they compliment you deeply and help you to grow.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“Attracting a person into your life who is genuinely compatible with you requires inner work. How can you discover who your soul mate is without first knowing who you really are and what you really want out of life? You’ll always be clambering around in the dark.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“An insistence on arguing a point until everybody agrees with you every time is boring, annoying, and counterproductive.”
― Belinda Luscombe, Marriageology: The Art and Science of Staying Together

“Shame blocks our connection with ourselves and with the people we care about.”
― Lebo Grand

“It’s a sad reality, but in our relationships as a species, we treat each other as objects to be owned and possessed. But once we do manage to cage or “secure” our partners to “be our everything,” we suffer horribly. Once we metaphorically capture that beautiful bird we were initially attracted to, we feel guilty every time the bird chirps: we are reminded that we’ve taken away the very thing that made the bird so beautiful in the first place.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“Soul mate and twin flame relationships are perhaps one of the most powerful vehicles of spiritual awakening in existence. They challenge you on every level, demand that you grow and become all that you’re destined to be – all in a loving and nurturing space.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“A relationship is like a house. If a light bulb goes out, you fix the lightbulb, you don't go and buy a new house.”
― Faraaz Kazi

“Most of us only put in as much effort as a situation requires from us. If we can 'get away' with being less considerate or less reciprocal, and various other forms of 'getting without giving,' many of us will, not because we're evil, but simply because we can. If people demanded or expected more of us we would do more, but when they don't, we don't make the effort. This dynamic is true in practically every relationship we have. When our self-esteem is low and we expect very little of others, we are likely to get very little from them as well.”
― Guy Winch, Emotional First Aid: Practical Strategies for Treating Failure, Rejection, Guilt, and Other Everyday Psychological Injuries

“After my boyfriend of two years broke up with me, I could barely speak without crying. I felt blindsided and didn't know what to do. I didn't know if I could get him back and the anxiety was unbearable. I spell with Dr Eghika, not knowing fully what to expect but knowing I needed somebody who had been there before. I wanted our relationship back and so I wanted to make sure I had all the guidance and resources possible to do that. Dr Eghika was simply wonderful. His process of work is calming and I could tell that he genuinely cared. The things that he suggested I do to get [my boyfriend] back seemed difficult, but Erica warned me that they might be. But I knew I wanted to get him back, so I followed the plan she laid out for me and the things she ask me to buy which she also helped me out for. Within the week, me and my boyfriend were back together and we are so in love! I know that it doesn't always happen that quickly, but Erica said, in my case, it could happen that soon - and it did! I'm so grateful and can say that if you have been broken up with your lover and want to get that person back, Erica is the best! I'll never forget how much she helped me. Her contact are whatsapp +254-795-502824, email: emagicp101@gmail.com and website is www . ericaraven. webs . com”
― Victoria kensh

“Eventually, I developed the discernment to spend energy in friendships that thrive--some I already had and new ones as well. And it didn't take finding perfect women without issues or becoming one myself. My friendships today are with imperfect women like me who have enough self-awareness that they can both give and receive the most important thing in any relationship: grace.”
― Amanda Anderson, All My Friends Have Issues: Building Remarkable Relationships with Imperfect People

“The pieces that I was, she gathered them and gave them back to me, all in the right order.”
― Faraaz Kazi

“The more spiritually connected we become, the more we may intuitively sense that finding our soul mate or twin flame is not only important, but it is actually part of our life purpose. We may understand that on a deep level, our soul seeks expansion, and the best way to do that is within the loving container of a relationship.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“Wie können Sie jemanden ignorieren, der von Anfang an für Sie da war?”
― Sami Abouzid

“At the critical juncture in all human relationships, there is only one question:

What would love do now?

No other question is relevant, no other question is meaningful, no other question has any importance to your soul.”
― Neale Donald Walsch, Conversations with God: An Uncommon Dialogue, Book 1

“The purpose of a relationship is to decide what part of yourself you'd like to see "show up", not what part of another you can capture and hold. There can be only one purpose for relationships - and for all of life: to be and to decide Who You Really Are. [...]

The test of your relationships has had to do with how well the other lived up to your ideas, and how well you saw yourselves living up to his or hers. Yet the only true test has to do with how well you live up to yours.

Relationships are sacred because they provide life's grandest opportunity - indeed, its only opportunity - to create and produce the experience of your highest conceptualization of Self.”
― Neale Donald Walsch, Conversations with God: An Uncommon Dialogue, Book 1

“Soul Mates share complementary, compatible life goals and their spiritual natures are often in sync with ours. They also experience an immense level of comfort with each other that cannot be experienced in other relationships, and they complement each other in many ways through their strengths and weaknesses.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“The gender imbalance in unpaid work is such a compelling subject for me in part because it’s a common burden that binds many women together, but also because the causes of the imbalance run so deep that you cannot solve them with a technical fix. You have to renegotiate the relationship. To me, no question is more important than this one: Does your primary relationship have love and respect and reciprocity and a sense of teamwork and belonging and mutual growth? I believe all of us ask ourselves this question in one way or another—because I think it is one of the greatest longings of life.”
― Melinda Gates, The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World

“The main difference between twin flames and soul mates is the fact that in a twin flame relationship you will be continuously challenged to grow, shed your ego, and awaken. While soul mates are loving companions, twin flames are the fires that burn through our fears, shadows and limiting beliefs.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“Communication is humanity’s greatest blessing, although efforts to establish it can feel like humanity’s greatest curse.”
― Cole Todd, Burn Out of a Fairy Godmother

“Love is sometimes conveyed by expressing our emotions and sometimes by concealing them”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Remember, a twin flame relationship is not better or more superior than other relationships. All types of relationships, twin flame or not, have their own spiritual value. The twin flame connection may appear more attractive than other types of relationships due to its intensity, but it’s not for the faint of heart.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“Contrary to popular belief, twin flames do not complete each other– this is because the soul itself is already complete. Instead, such relationships exist to catalyze spiritual maturing and conscious expansion. In other words, twin flame connections exist to aid the collective growth of our planet towards compassion, tranquility, and love.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“False twin flame relationships help us to understand ourselves better. They are a powerful lesson in the importance of being discerning, self-caring, and aware of our shadows. The reason why we enter false twin flame relationships in the first place is due to the naivety of romanticizing others and being disconnected from the wisdom of our soul.”
― Aletheia Luna, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“When we feel incomplete, lonely and disconnected from ourselves, the ideal of true love becomes a beacon of hope promising to save us. Soon we start sincerely believing that our beloved will “complete us,” and thus make our lives meaningful again. Unfortunately, such a myth is destructive to our mental, emotional, and psychological well-being in the long term.”
― Mateo Sol, Twin Flames and Soul Mates: How to Find, Create, and Sustain Awakened Relationships

“We always say we choose our partners following our free will, when in fact, it is our cultures, traditions and religions that instilled different set of values ( and desirable virtues ) and as such directly affected what we consider acceptable in our relationships.”
― Tatjana Ostojic

“That love can be a band:
tears if you pull it too hard,
but also flexible enough
to stretch around the most chaotic mass”
― Elizabeth Acevedo, The Poet X

“Silence is, usually, another form of communication but without all the feeling or impression produced on the ear by a set of vibrations that propagate through an elastic medium such as air. But essentially, it's the same form of communication, just branded with a different name.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“It is the height of human happiness to have somebody to love. Our agony is that we have all the light and the paint but no canvas to put the art of our hearts on.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“Today quiz: What could be changed in your life, your system, your business, your relationships that would get you to the REAL?”
― Nick Catricala

“the spirit is reflected in impeccable speech and behavior, refraining from anything that could potentially be considered hurtful. The spirit is reflected in confidence, happiness, good humor, fearlessness, kindness, and thoughtfulness. The quality of your inner dialogue is instantly obvious to other people, although it might not be recognized for what it is. When you practice positive inner dialogue, people will want to bond with you, help you, be near you. They want to share in the love, knowingness, and bliss that shines through your eyes and is reflected in your every action. This is true inner power.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Our intentions attract the elements and forces, the events, the situations, the circumstances, and the relationships necessary to fulfill the intended outcome.We don’t need to become involved in the details—in fact, trying too hard may backfire.It requires attention, and it also requires detachment. Once you have created the intention mindfully, you must be able to detach from the outcome, and let the universe handle the details of fulfilment.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“All it takes is an eagerness to join the cosmic dance, and a willingness to seek the miracles of the soul.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Spiritual teachers tell us if you want to know the state of your personal consciousness, just look around and see what is happening to you. If you want to know the state of the collective consciousness, just look around at what is happening in the world. At any given point in time your personal reality is synchronistically, coincidentally orchestrated by your sense of self.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“What do you call the weak point?" He paused. "The fact that the average American looks down on his wife.”
― Edith Wharton, THE CUSTOM OF THE COUNTRY

“For I would so readily give up the love that I want to be loved as I deserve.”
― Renee' A. Lee

“Some people in our lives always stand by us like a lighthouse, silently guiding us to the shore.”
― Uday Mukerji, Dead Man Dreaming

“How can you tell when your ego is getting in the way of your dreams? There are many clues, but the most important is anxiety. Whenever your self or your spirit is overshadowed by your self-image or your ego, you feel anxiety.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“When dealing with relationships in life you can not play your queen of hearts like a three of clubs.”
― Angel Moreira

“There are many women who come to see me about men', she said quietly. 'Men are a major problem for many women'.”
― Alexander McCall SmithMcCall Smith

“THE THIRD PRINCIPLE describes how your mind creates your reality—and how, by mastering your inner dialogue, you can literally transform reality to create abundance.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“You will attract people with all six of these qualities—the extremely positive qualities because you may not feel that you deserve them and the extremely negative ones because you refuse to acknowledge their presence in your life. Once you can see yourself in others, it will become much easier to connect with them, and through that connection to discover unity consciousness. The door to synchrodestiny will open. Such is the power of the mirror of relationship.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“The older I grow, the more I realize that ultimate gift is relationship.”
― Rupal Asodaria

“Living isn’t about how you’re seen. Living is about what you’ve seen.”
― Ricky Maye, Outsiders: The Story of Success

“There were times when I cursed the trail and the weather for hours. But after you sulk and consider your options, you eventually realize that you can sit there and cry, or you can walk... It doesn't matter so much if you cry or walk -- I did a lot of both -- but if you turn on your partner, you'll never make it together.”
― Adrienne Hall, A Journey North: One Woman's Story of Hiking the Appalachian Trail

“The basic rules of male-female relations
were imparted atmospherically in our family,

no direct speech allowed.”
― Anne Carson, Glass, Irony and God

“In successful relationships, perfection is the acceptance of imperfection.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“Everything that exists somewhere in the world also exists in us.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Whom are we attracted to? People who have the same traits as we have, but more so. We want to be in their company because subconsciously we feel that by doing so we, too, might manifest more of those traits as well. By the same token we are repelled by people who reflect back to us traits that we deny in our own selves. So if you are having a strong negative reaction to someone, you can be sure that they possess some traits in common with you, traits that you are not willing to embrace. If you were willing to accept those qualities, then they wouldn’t upset you.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Love me!
Love me until my own wings desist from flying.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“( 100 / 0 ) " You have to be willing to give 100 percent with zero expectation of receiving anything in return”
― Darren Hardy, The Compound Effect: Jumpstart Your Income, Your Life, Your Success

“100/0 -
You have to be willing to give 100 percent with
zero expectation of receiving anything in return”
― Darren Hardy

“Bad eyes are only one bane of clear vision: bad assumptions can be just as blinding.”
― Peter Watts, Blindsight

“Is always easier to go along with what others have said, “burn bridges”, burning bridges is only easier and that is why so many adopt to just burn bridges… did we every thought that once burned, it is not as easy to build one? If possible, we should ALWAYS keep the bridge standing, take care and maintain it, because in the long run, bridges are what we all need to improve and thrive in everything from health, relationships, business to spirituality. _nickc”
― nick catricala

“It was wrong of me to value my own pain so highly that I thought it gave me the right to inflict more on him.”
― Orson Scott Card, Children of the Mind

“His love wrote the first chapters of my life and is the reason I never had to wonder if I was adored.”
― Melanie Shankle, Church of the Small Things: The Million Little Pieces That Make Up a Life

“Trying to get someone interested in us (who is not) is a painful and pointless endeavour. There are many people in the world. Some are for us. Most are not.”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“I think it’s true that the older you get, and I am very old, the more you see that being in love and breaking up have a lot in common.

Love is hard. Breaking up is hard. Love is dramatic. Breaking up is dramatic.

Which makes me think that a lot of the questions you have about breaking up might be better thought of as questions about the nature of the love you have with this girl.”
― Mariko Tamaki, Laura Dean Keeps Breaking Up with Me

“We cannot even imagine the complex forces behind every event that occurs in our lives.

You never know how and when any life experience will reappear. You never know when a coincidence will lead to the opportunity of a lifetime.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“From experience in the past we create memories, which are the basis of imagination and desire. Desire is the basis of action, once again. And so the cycle perpetuates itself. In Vedic tradition and in Buddhism this cycle is known as the Wheel of Samsara, the basis of earthly existence.That’s why, if you really want to break out of the mundane, you must learn to think and dream the impossible. Only with repeated thoughts can the impossible be made possible through the intention of the nonlocal mind.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Is there a broth more restoring than company?”
― Kelly Corrigan, Tell Me More: Stories about the 12 Hardest Things I'm Learning to Say

“Relationships always bring about the dissolution of our delusions.”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“We assign roles to all the people in our life in an attempt to master it. The roles can be reasonable or preposterous. Either way, when we realise that others do not agree to the terms of the role we have assigned to them, we get upset. Is it their fault? Surely, they are simply following their own dreams. What matters is that we love the dreamer of the dream. It matters that we love people. We mustn’t invent roles for others because we think it will make us happy. Who are we to invent such things? Can the tiny piece of seaweed tell the vast ocean what it must do? What wills to grow, will grow. What wills to flow, will flow.”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“Other people were so unsuccessful at fending off love! Members of Congress who had affairs with their aides, or students who I'd known in college, girls who as freshmen declared themselves lesbians, then graduated with boyfriends- to give in to such love represents, for them, a capitulation or a betrayal, yet apparently the pull was so strong that they couldn't resist. That was what I didn't understand, how people made the leap from not mattering in each others' lives to mattering.”
― Curtis Sittenfeld, You Think It, I'll Say It

“When she touches him spontaneously, applying a little pressure to his arm, or even reaching to brush a piece of lint off his collar, he feels a rush of pride, and hopes that people are watching them.”
― Sally Rooney, Normal People

“I forgot who I was before the (space) suit,
before gravity was ripped from my vocabulary
and I mastered the art of drifting”
― Casey Renee Kiser, way out

“It's worth investing in good relationships. When you help a friend, they'll be there to help you when you need it. It helps to choose good quality friends. So look for people who are solid, and not just users.”
― Josh Hatcher

“We build these ideas of people, create the ones we want to be with, and then try to keep the real person inside the false mold. It doesn't always work out well.”
― Stephenie Meyer, The Chemist

“One doth not know / How much an ill word may empoison liking.”
― William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing

“Most young men, particularly attractive ones, have sexual relations with their own kind. I suppose this is news to those who believe in the two teams: straight, which is good and unalterable; queer, which is bad and unalterable unless it proves to be only a Preference, which must then, somehow, be reversed, if necessary by force.”
― Gore Vidal, Palimpsest

“If the people in your relationships are selfish and doing hurtful things, it's likely you are too, you just don't realize it.”
― Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life

“When I wake up I'd like a woman next to me, to love, protect and take care of unconditionally, with both of us as a team, building a meaningful legacy together.”
― Trevor Carss

“The fact is, “The Independent Millennial Woman” is not a woman who takes pride in being alone, or exuding masculine energy, in fact she possesses a set of invaluable skills—high emotional intelligence, good judgment, specialized knowledge, and a vast network of possibilities. Stephenson tackles the hard truth that women are losing their power in relationships, women are no longer leaving relationships and African-American women are more likely to suffer from low self-esteem which in turn leads them to remain in unhealthy relationships for validation purposes.”
― Lisa K. Stephenson

“- E' come tra le persone?
Scossi la testa. - No, tra le persone è diverso. Il sentimento che proviamo per qualcuno, si trasforma sempre un po' in rapporto all'altro. Si modifica, vacilla, cresce, si spegne, viene respinto, ferisce. Nella maggior parte dei casi è difficile riuscire ad averne il controllo. Non è come con una Subaru.”
― Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance

“Relationships are your most powerful asset.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Love isn’t a spell. Not if it’s the sort of love that wakes us up. Then it’s a spell-breaker, not a spell-maker.”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“If you feel like you need revenge, getting it won't help you.”
― Steve Maraboli

“At any given moment your energy field will come into contact with and affect everyone else’s energy field, and each of us responds in some way to that experience.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Think of the universe as a single, huge organism. Its vastness is a perceptual, projected reality; even though “out there” you may be seeing a big football stadium filled with thousands of people, the real phenomenon is a small electrical impulse inside your brain that you, the nonlocal being, interpret as a football game. Yoga Vasishta, an ancient Vedic text, says, “The world is like a huge city, reflected in a mirror. So too, the universe is a huge reflection of yourself in your own consciousness.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Looking is only for those who cannot see.”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“Chance favors the prepared mind.” This can be converted into a simple equation: Opportunity + Preparedness = Good Luck.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“If you make your woman your EVERYTHING - then your EVERYTHING hangs on her perfection. And we all know she doesn't have perfection any more than you do.
Do not look for spiritual fulfillment from a woman.
Do not look to a woman to give you value.
Do not expect a woman to give you purpose.
Do not look for redemption from a woman.
Do not expect her to meet every need that you have.
Do not make her your god. She is incapable of being that for you.
There are things no woman can ever give you. I believe many of those things come from God. Whether you do or not, I can tell you this - you cannot find them in a woman.
She may be able to help on your journey to find those things, but she can't give them to you.”
― Josh Hatcher

“Attention and intention are the most powerful tools of the spiritually adept. They are the triggers for attracting both a certain kind of energy and a certain kind of information.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Take five minutes every day and just sit in silence. In that time, put these questions to your attention and heart: “Who am I? What do I want for my life? What do I want from my life today?” Then let go, and let your stream of consciousness, your quieter inner voice, supply the answers. Then, after five minutes, write them down. Do this every day and you’ll be surprised at how situations, circumstances, events, and people will orchestrate themselves around the answers. This is the beginning of synchrodestiny.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Vedic science, the ancient wisdom tradition of India, says that unless you can get in touch with that embryo of a god or goddess incubating inside you, unless you can let that embryo be fully born, then your life will always be mundane. But once that god or goddess expresses itself through you, then you will do grand and wondrous things.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“I found peace of mind when I walked away from small fights not worth fighting. I stopped fighting for people who gossiped about me. I stopped fighting for those who didn't respect me. I quit worrying about those who wouldn't value me for being me.”
― Dana Arcuri, Sacred Wandering: Growing Your Faith In The Dark

“To know each other we must reach beyond the sphere of our sense perceptions.”
― Nikola Tesla

“I believed my love would be reciprocated because it was pure. But it wasn’t. Reaction to every action? It doesn’t work that way with a human heart. Human mind resembles the quantum world. Always uncertain. Beyond any explanation.”
― Abhaidev, That Thing About You

“We don't know anything about people, even those with whom we share everything.”
― Elena Ferrante, The Days of Abandonment

“So often, we don’t see the beauty in ourselves. If we keep observing our reflection in the distorted mirrors of bad relationships, we start believing we are ugly and unlovable.

And the flaws aren’t in how we look, but in whose eyes we’re seeing ourselves through.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Love's Remains

“Because we never finished what we started, because it never was allowed to reach a natural close, our ending felt unwritten. I imagined other endings and how they would have defined me, and because I couldn't explore such endings with her, my desire ran loose where it could. I responded to the desire of others, and I fell easily for those who responded to the desire in me. At times I felt worn thin, but it was exciting, and as I found out, rare to be a person who enjoyed both giving and receiving pleasure, who was interested in the erotic as an exchange. Some people couldn't see past the sex, some people fell fast and hard, and though I was generous with my body, I was careful and particular about women I shared my heart with, and that left me lonely.”
― Saskia Vogel, Permission

“You sound off,” he said. “Why are you whispering? I thought you and Ana were having dinner together.” I bit my lip.
“It’s kind of a funny story, but you have to promise not to yell.”
“Why would a funny story make me yell?” he asked warily. “Well,” I drawled. “I was on my way to meet up with Ana, and there was this truck parked in an alley that didn’t look right. So, I left my bike on the street and went to check it out.” “Jordan.” I didn’t need to see him to know he was pinching the bridge of his nose, something he’d been doing a lot in the last few months.
“Don’t worry. They didn’t see me.”
His tone sharpened. “Who didn’t see you?”
“The Gulaks. They were too busy loading the girls into the back.” I paused as the truck slowed going around a curve. “I slipped on without them having a clue I was there.”
He swore. “Do not tell me you climbed into a truck with a bunch of Gulak slavers.” I scoffed softly. “Of course not. Give me some credit. I’m on the roof of the truck.” He growled something, and I heard another male laughing. It sounded like Mario, one of the warriors we were working with on this job, along with his mate, Ana. We’d been in Panama for two weeks, at the request of the government, to locate and shut down a human trafficking ring. But this one was a lot more sophisticated than any other Gulak operation we’d encountered, and they’d managed to evade us completely. Until now.
“This is not a funny story,” he said in an exasperated voice.”
― Karen Lynch, Hellion

“Love should be easy. Life is hard. Relationships are complicated. But the love, that’s the one thing we should be able to count on.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Love's Remains

“How can I not feel your tears...
that beckons my soul within...”
― Anjalts

“I just know,
You are going to completely lose me.
I just know,
I no longer want you to want me.
I just know,
I don’t want to wait for you anymore.

I realized,
You are not someone made for me.
I understood that,
You don’t deserve my love.

I just know,
You are going to completely lose me.”
― Jyoti Patel, The Forest of Feelings

“We don't get to choose our family, but we can choose our friends. With courage, we can weed out narcissistic people. We can focus on those who do appreciate us, love us, and treat us with respect.”
― Dana Arcuri, Sacred Wandering: Growing Your Faith In The Dark

“Stop giving so many second chances. Wishing someone would be something they’re not is a waste of time and messes with your head. Truth hurts a lot sometimes... and I hate to be the one to break it to you, but in reality, you’re stressing and agonizing about ending a relationship they left a while ago.”
― Steve Maraboli

“I wanted to keep him there to hold me up, to rely on, to remind me that there were places we found in other people that were safer than any walls could keep us.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Love's Remains

“At meals Mama and Papa would observe each other from opposite ends of the long table, and Mama's grey eyes would fly angry silences at Papa, who would catch them in his enormous mustache. Their marriage was a tall column of pain, like a fluted vase. Balanced precariously on the fricative point at which Mama's personality met Papa's chin, it was always about to fall over and smash.”
― Sam Savage, Glass

“Relationships can get better or worse but can never go back to what it was in the beginning.”
― Nitya Prakash

“When we chop nature into bits in an attempt to understand it, we lose sight of the relationships among those bits. But ecological healing is all about the healing of relationships.”
― Charles Eisenstein, Climate: A New Story

“Any interaction is training. Translation: Every time you have any kind of contact with an animal—when you leave food on the floor, talk to it, pass its enclosure—you are teaching it something whether you mean to or not.”
― Amy Sutherland, What Shamu Taught Me About Life, Love, and Marriage: Lessons for People from Animals and Their Trainers

“Yes. Love. The greatest man-made disaster in a world that's full of them....Poets say love is forever. Country singers, that it's something you drown in beer and cheap whiskey. Meanwhile, the men in white coats blame love on hormones, evolution, and chemicals in our brains. You could ask every person here what love is and you'd get a different answer every time.”
― Chelsey Philpot, Be Good Be Real Be Crazy

“Each person if he was lucky found the place where he could shine, and the person he could shine on. At Cranley Gardens Johnny had been audience, to Evert, to Ivan, to the whole clever, memoir-swapping gang. But with Pat he was a closely attended performer - he was funny, almost articulate, and rich in things worth saying.”
― Alan Hollinghurst, The Sparsholt Affair

“If I'm going to fall as long as I fall forward I'm still going in the right direction.”
― Suzette Vearnon

“The mother provides a spirit
with a womb and nurtures it for months before birth, and
years thereafter.”
― Hingori, Karma Sutra - Cracking the Karmic Code: Karma Sutra - Cracking the Karmic Code by By Hingori

“Sweetheart, lust driven relationships are always time bound. When you don't take time to settle in, you can never really settle down.”
― Nitya Prakash

“He knocked on the door and waited, sliding his attention over to his beautiful wife who was shifting on her feet with intense anxiety. He stared at her like he always did. Like she was this drawing force that he felt compelled toward. It didn’t matter whether she was sobbing on the floor in a crumpled mess. Or complaining about life and her job until she was blue in the face. Or standing in front of him, like she was now, looking like she could rule the fucking universe. She was incredible. And every time he stared at her, she took his breath away. Not because of the way she looked but because of the way she held herself. Because even though he knew she was feeling insecure and anxiety-filled inside, she was trying her best to strut her stuff and be all that she could be and more. She was a warrior and she didn’t even know it.”
― J.A.Braaten, The Connection To You

“The partition between love and anger is thin. I suppose it's a need to protect the self from further wounding that makes people scream at the one they love.”
― Sebastian Faulks, Where My Heart Used to Beat

“In Max's experience whenever a person ceases to be a stranger reality either expands or constricts.”
― Glenn Haybittle, In the Warsaw Ghetto

“Relationships bring out the best in one, but they also bring out the worst. I'm not sure I want to subject anyone to the worst in me. Neither do I want to experience it myself. My insufficiencies, my immaturities, my insecurities. Alone, I avoid the worst of myself.”
― Glenn Haybittle, In the Warsaw Ghetto

“Do not run to something you’re not ready for. And, don’t shrink back into those comfort zones. Growth — real growth lives in the middle. In the uneasiness. The incomplete sentence. You are in a process of becoming.”
― Jill Telford

“The phrase “choose your battles wisely” means to be selective of how we spend our time and who we spend our time with. To be selective. To not join every argument or confrontation. To learn to walk away from unproductive battles.”
― Dana Arcuri, Sacred Wandering: Growing Your Faith In The Dark

“I stopped trying to fit in. Stopped going with the flow. Stopped blending in with the world. I stopped trying to mold myself into what others thought a “good” Christian should look like or act like.”
― Dana Arcuri, Sacred Wandering: Growing Your Faith In The Dark

“When you said you love me, I knew love is repaid by love alone. So I'm passionately in love with you for it's the solace of my heart”
― Joseph Jacson K.

“Relationships don't break you; they reveal you.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Love's Remains

“You will always be my first love. My first everything. No love will be like the one I had for you, but I think the loves that come afterward can be just as good and most of the time better, because we are better. I was jealous when you first started dating her, because I could tell she was different. I kept wondering what she had that I didn’t, but it wasn’t her that was different, it was you.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Love's Remains

“We’ve all heard that women tolerate sex to get relationships, while men tolerate relationships to get sex. That is simply not true—but there is something truly chilling about the fact that most Americans believe it’s true and use this formula as a guide for behavior.”
― Israel Morrow, Gods of the Flesh: A Skeptic's Journey Through Sex, Politics and Religion

“Law of Attraction 101 — the basics.
Don’t waste someone’s time if you don’t want them wasting yours.”
― Jill Telford

“Women use sex to get love. Men use love to get sex.”
― Oliver Markus Malloy, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends

“I’ve stopped letting somebody else’s mood adjust my day. No matter how much I care for this person, I will create a distance that’s well deserved. My days belong to me.”
― Ron Baratono

“One can never call me a quitter
I take something right and see it
through till it’s wrong
Auctioning myself off to the lowest bidder
Going once, going twice
Gone
Sold to the man for the price of disdain
Some are sold for a song
I don’t rate a refrain
I guess it was all going just a little too well
If I wasn’t careful I’d be happy pretty soon
Heaven’s no place for one who thrives on hell,
One who prefers the bit to the silver spoon.
Then just when I’d almost resigned myself to winning
When it seemed my bright future would never dim
When my luck looked as though it was only beginning
I met him.
Sullen and scornful; a real Marlboro man
The type who pours out the beer and eats the can
A tall guy with a cultivated leer
One you can count on to diaprove or disappear
I knew right away that he was a find
Given this, he was the kindest man I’d ever met
Back came my sense of worthlessness
And my long lost pangs of regret
I was my old self again, lost and confused
Reunited with that old feeling
Of being misunderstood and misused.

Sold to the man for the price of disdain
All of this would be interesting
If it weren’t so mundane”
― Carrie Fisher, The Princess Diarist

“The name has always occupied a space between the concrete and the abstract, the individual and the social, but when it begins to be shaped and charged with meaning in places removed from the physical world, in that way entertaining the world of fiction, albeit unseen by the majority, at the same time as this fictional world is expanding and taking up an ever greater part of our lives - the TV screens are now not only in our own rooms, but also on the walls of our trains and under the luggage bins of our planes, in the waiting rooms of our doctors' offices and the halls of our banks, even in the supermarkets, quite apart from our carrying them around in the form of laptop computers and cell phones, in such a way that we inhabit two realities, one abstract and image-based, in which all kinds of people and places present themselves before us with nothing in common but being somewhere other than where we are, and one concrete, physical, which is the one we move around in and are more palpably a part of - when we arrive at a point where everything is either fiction or seen as fiction, the job of the novelist can no longer be to write more fiction.”
― Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 6

“Amare non equivale ad essere innamorati. Innamorarsi significa pensare di non poter più fare a meno di una persona. Amare è averne l'assoluta convinzione.”
― Giorgia Penzo, Ogni giorno come il primo giorno

“I’m big on how you move. How you treat others. How you treat me. How you treat yourself. While words are special — they don’t mean too much to me without the movement.”
― Jill Telford

“But it’s not always plain sailing, even when you’ve found the right girl. You’ve got to be in it for the long haul. You never know what’s going to happen: you sign up for whatever comes along. There’s no backing out.”
― M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans

“Love the women in your life. Let them bloom!”
― Avijeet Das

“I find it fascinating that in all our exploring of the world's nooks and crannies, my three kids most loved the times we settled down and stayed somewhere awhile.”
― Tsh Oxenreider, At Home in the World: Reflections on Belonging While Wandering the Globe

“We were ruined, permanently, and this was one of many signs to come, a message meant for me especially, glowing neon gas that said: LET HER GO.”
― Kimberly King Parsons, Black Light

“When she lets it, Trish's voice puts a fullness in you that is beautiful and awful, makes you feel like a glass of something waiting to be spilled.”
― Kimberly King Parsons, Black Light

“Sometimes how we learn to love ourselves is by loving others and seeking to answer the question "How may I serve?" rather than "What's in it for me?" So, don't wait 'til you've learnt how to do that before entering into your next relationship, because it is in the context of relationship that we learn how to love and how to let love in, not sitting on the sidelines trying to work it out.”
― Diane Viola , Travels with Buster: A Journey of Unconditional Love

“They keep texting you wyd and wya — instead of how you feeling — what’s on your mind — and you wonder why you feel misunderstood”
― Jill Telford

“Medea kills her brother. In the beginning, she is known by her nephew, who tells the Argonauts about her, for having power, for helping her family, just like I tried to help Skeet on the day China first got sick from the Ivomec. But for Medea, love makes help turn wrong.”
― Jesmyn Ward, Salvage the Bones

“Each of us must make it our priority and personal responsibility to stay in harmony with our fellowman. Harmony is not just about creating a pleasant environment; it produces synergy. The best way to explain synergy is to say that a hand is much more effective than five fingers working independently. I tested this theory one day using dumbbells. I wanted to determine the maximum number of pounds each of my fingers could lift independently. Two pounds was the limit. I then tested my capability with my fingers working together. I rationalized that five fingers times two pounds each should yield a maximum of ten pounds. Not so. I lifted thirty-five pounds!”
― Deborah Smith Pegues, Confronting Without Offending: Positive and Practical Steps to Resolving Conflict

“Remember that family is not just feeling that people have towards each other but a series of duties and responsibilities that must be fulfilled.”
― Zachariah Renfro, Aristotle's Wallet Large Print Edition: A Short Book on Applying Aristotle to Personal Finance

“We just drifted apart . . . I began to find his company extremely tiring."

"It was extremely tiring, but we were all addicted to it.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Message to the Planet

“Even though we remain the same person, we have different types of relationships with our parents, children, spouse, relatives, friends, teachers, students, colleagues and neighbours. Each type of relationship fulfils a need which other relationships can’t fulfil. A happy person is one who maintains all types of relationships in life.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Your best friends are in trouble and you say 'of course' and forget them instantly.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Message to the Planet

“I must stay with you, stay near you, do your will, or die.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Message to the Planet

“Don’t ride with someone until the wheels fall off. — It’s called maintenance. —”
― Jill Telford

“Maybe there are some people you can’t unlove no matter how hard you try. Maybe there are some people you stay connected to, because they’ve hurt you to your very core. You keep hoping that somehow the pain can be resolved if they finally do the right thing, but the right thing can never be done because it had to have been done in the past.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Love's Remains

“In relationships being a great woman is a man's gift.”
― Angel Moreira

“Maybe we love people forever. Maybe some relationships were derailed by time and circumstance, but somewhere in the background there was a place where that love still existed, where you were still those two people in that time.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Love's Remains

“I hurt myself by hurting you.” His face wore a look of compassion. I hated that look, because it reminded me that he was a good person, that he had tried over and over to apologize. He unwittingly brought out the part of me that I hated, and I projected that hate onto him, because it was easier to hate someone else than to hate myself. Tears poured out of my eyes. And he wrapped his arms around me, holding me as wept.

And I hated that his arms still felt good.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Love's Remains

“There is no meaning to life unless there is commitment and love.”
― Constance O'Banyon, Enchantress

“Women don't want to be seduced. They want to be seen and listened to. You can't do either of those things if you're thinking up strategies on how to win her over.”
― Leigh Bardugo, King of Scars

“Studies have shown a woman looking for a
'sense of humour' wants a man who
makes jokes and who likes to laugh.
A man looking for the same quality in a
woman does not expect her to be funny;
rather, he wants her to laugh at his jokes.”
― Lili Boisvert, Screwed: How Women Are Set Up to Fail at Sex

“I am sorry that our friendship, or whatever name one may give to the obsessive relationship which has bound us together for so many years, should end in this way. This is not the place to utter its elegy.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Black Prince

“The Romantic vision of marriage stresses the importance of finding the “right” person, which is taken to mean someone in sympathy with the raft of our interests and values. There is no such person over the long term. We are too varied and peculiar. There cannot be lasting congruence. The partner truly best suited to us is not the one who miraculously happens to share every taste but the one who can negotiate differences in taste with intelligence and good grace.

Rather than some notional idea of perfect complementarity, it is the capacity to tolerate dissimilarity that is the true marker of the “right” person. Compatibility is an achievement of love; it shouldn’t be its precondition.”
― Alain de Botton, The Course of Love

“Common danger made common friends.”
― Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God

“Scents were always about what was growing and what was dying. What would last through the next season. This was just with people instead of trees or flowers or dirt. Maybe I could read them after all. The thought gave me hope.”
― Erica Bauermeister, The Scent Keeper

“Most friendships are a sort of frozen and undeveloping semi-hostility.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Black Prince

“Choosing a person to marry is hence just a matter of deciding exactly what kind of suffering we want to endure rather than of assuming we have found a way to skirt the rules of emotional existence. We will all by definition end up with that stock character of our nightmares, “the wrong person.”

This needn’t be a disaster, however. Enlightened romantic pessimism simply assumes that one person can’t be everything to another. We should look for ways to accommodate ourselves as gently and as kindly as we can to the awkward realities of living alongside another fallen creature. There can only ever be a “good enough” marriage.

For this realization to sink in, it helps to have had a few lovers before settling down, not in order to have had a chance to locate “the right person,” but in order to have had an ample opportunity to discover at first hand, and in many different contexts, the truth that there isn’t any such a person; that everyone really is a bit wrong when considered from close up.”
― Alain de Botton, The Course of Love

“I shall not attempt here to describe my marriage. Some impression of it will doubtless emerge. For the present story, its general nature rather than its detail is important. It was not a success. At first I saw her as a life-bringer. Then I saw her as a death-bringer. Some women are like that. There is a sort of energy which seems to reveal the world: then one day you find you are being devoured. Fellow victims will know what I mean. Possibly I am a natural bachelor.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Black Prince

“I want to be cut off from people like Marloe. Being a real person oneself is a matter of setting up limits and drawing lines and saying no. I don't want to be a nebulous bit of ectoplasm straying around in other people's lives. That sort of vague sympathy with everybody precludes any real understanding of anybody . . . And it precludes any real loyalty to anybody.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Black Prince

“Embodied devotion and dedication is about how we give ourselves to the world; it’s about our relationships with other embodied beings.”
― Julie J. Morley, Future Sacred: The Connected Creativity of Nature

“A marriage is a very secret place.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Black Prince

“Love strengthens soul connection and is the key to the success of all meaningful relationships.”
― Nozer Kanga, Living with Consciousness: Everyday Inspirations for Spiritual Growth and Personal Fulfillment

“I'm trying to work out if people need to start out at one hundred percent or if they can start at, I don't know, seventy, and work their way up.”
― Josie Silver, One Day in December

“Your wife can't give you that. All she can do is fool you into believing you don't want the things you actually want. That ain't grace," Wiggins said. "That's trickery.”
― Wiley Cash, The Last Ballad

“She had an understanding, beyond language and beneath words, free of culture and upbringing, a universal something, received and recognized by an internal barometer.”
― Taylor Isaac

“When you get to create something that you enjoy and get to share it with others to enjoy also that is the best thing, sí? That is, in a way, respect and love and relationship. That is saying I want you to also have what is the best; I want the best for both of us, for all of us, sí?”
― Taylor Isaac

“The virgins are certain there's a circle of hell
dedicated to that fear you'll never find anyone else.”
― Analicia Sotelo, Virgin

“Before we feel
You were always dressed
In black and grey;
I came with my colors
And you changed;
Is this love?”
― Jazalyn, The Colors of Love

“...from "greenhorns" you get what you want, from "veterans" you get what you deserve”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“Maybe the concept of friendship is already too colonized by liberalism and capitalism. Under neoliberalism, friendship is a banal affair of private preferences: we hang out, we share hobbies, we make small talk. We become friends with those who are already like us, and we keep each other comfortable rather than becoming different and more capable together. The algorithms of Facebook and other social networks guide us towards the refinement of our profiles, reducing friendship to the click of a button. This neoliberal friend is the alternative to hetero- and homonormative coupling: "just friends" implies a much weaker and insignificant bond than a lover could ever be. Under neoliberal friendship, we don't have each other's backs, and our lives
aren't tangled up together. But these insipid tendencies do not mean that friendships are pointless, only that friendship is a terrain of struggle. Empire works to usher its subjects into flimsy relationships where nothing is at stake and to infuse intimacy with violence and domination.”
― Carla Bergman, Joyful Militancy: Building Thriving Resistance in Toxic Times

“love alone isn't enough to make the relationship work.”
― Amir Levine & Rachel S.F. Heller

“For women, right from the day they went to their first party, always hoped too much: how many dances, seemingly successful, had been grim failures covered over with a smile; how many invitations accepted became invitations regretted; how many plans and dreams had become stupidities; how much pretence that all was well, when it wasn't? We are too personal, she thought, in the way we interpret a look, a tone of voice, a smile. How lucky to be a man and never pay attention to the little things; how fortunate to take people as they are, and not to suffer from taking them as you would like them to be. How terrible to be a woman, to feel the difference between the dream and the reality, and yet to keep dreaming in spite of reality.”
― Helen MacInnes, Rest and Be Thankful

“If you are in a toxic environment, you will waste away.”
― Richie Norton

“She was quiet beside him, lost inside another world. One of those things that people called books. She sipped her tea with one hand and held her book in the other that was propped on top of her lap. Every now and again, he’d watch her, like he was doing now. He didn’t mean to intrude on her universe but he liked seeing her in her element. He wondered what sort of effect this book in particular would have on her when she finished it. Because every book rendered a different response. Would she cry? Smile? Let out a gasp for fresh air? Assume the fetal position? Throw the book? Have a look of indifference? Before he had met Eleana, he’d always thought that books had been harmless. Because what could words on a piece of paper really do to someone? But he knew better now, especially on those rare occasions where he himself would pick up a book and read it. Books were dangerous little things and while they seemed harmless, they were anything but. They were so much more than ink and paper. Reading a book was like meeting someone new for the first time. Sometimes you hit it off and became the best of friends. Sometimes they wrecked you in all the wrong ways. Sometimes in all the right ways. Sometimes they left you hollow. Sometimes they left you floating on a cloud. It was difficult to find that one book that completed you just as finding that one person was.”
― J.A.Braaten, The Connection To You

“She is the nymph who keeps enticing me the sailor evey time!”
― Avijeet Das

“When in a relationship, short or long term, one becomes so used to doing things, even mundane activities, with the other person. Then the relationship ends, and it's like trying to play the piano with an amputated finger. You can do it, but it doesn't feel right for quite a long time.”
― Craig R Key

“Some people may either love you or hate you. But you should never convince anyone to love you!”
― Avijeet Das

“Doing and saying the right thing are not sufficient. Doing the right thing IN THE RIGHT WAY and with the person's comfort in mind is critical.”
― Ravi Zacharias

“Come to every conversation with three prepared stories to tell. Sometimes others do not want to talk, and by having some talking points in mind, you will always have the conversation flowing.”
― Trevor Carss

“I condemn you. Yet my heart yearns towards you. I would go with you through the fires of death. Yet am happiest alone.”
― Virginia Woolf, The Waves

“Ten seconds is the distance between silence and a smile...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“In every lifetime you are at the center of someone's universe.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“If you cannot handle
The darkest pieces of her
Don't ever dare to say
That you love her!”
― Jyoti Patel, The Forest of Feelings

“One day, someone will say “I love you” and you will hear “family”. That is a love worth surrendering to.”
― Té V. Smith

“I get asked this question the most: “What’s your number-one tip for improving someone’s sex life?” My answer is always “Communication.”
― Elle Chase, Curvy Girl Sex: 101 Body-Positive Positions to Empower Your Sex Life

“There is no destination in marriage. It is the journey that matters.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy

“It is amazing when two people can mean so much to each other. When the happiness of the other person means your own happiness. And the sadness of the other person means your own sadness.”
― Avijeet Das

“My heart
That is unaware of dreams
Whispers your name
From all the corners”
― Jyoti Patel, The Curved Rainbow

“He says nothing yet
How do I understand everything

Why does my soul vent out the anger
At someone my heart adores

Why do his words go straight
To my heart and
Deep into the soul

Why does the time fail
In telling the truth”
― Jyoti Patel, The Curved Rainbow

“I hope that our paths would never diverge
And that we don't get lost
As we keep walking

In my silence
I sing the songs of your love
I shine
From the moment I met you”
― Jyoti Patel, The Curved Rainbow

“If you are not his first thought in the morning, he does not deserve a place in your dreams...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“I love you deeply and in the future, I may love you more however, that does not occasionally preclude me from plotting your death by shooting you, chopping you up and feeding you to the wolves...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“So, you charmed her into your bed and you think that is enough? No Sir, your big dilemma is, what are you willing to do to keep her there?”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“I am roses and thorns and pearls from the deep...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“Neither time nor distance should matter. Anything is doable...For love...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“Travelling to new worlds, experiencing strange sights, sounds and tasting the unknown becomes ever more delightful when shared...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“When the inevitable meets the unstoppable, that is where souls turn to lust...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“Maybe the dream is just life's way of getting us out of bed in the morning and in reality, we are all just chasing stardust...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“A relationship will devalue when one puts a price on it..”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“Relying on one person can make you dull so broaden your outlook, find new friends and have new experiences...Life is waiting for you to live...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“There are so many different attitudes, like different lives, in a face and in a body. So many lines and forms, so many strengths and weaknesses. The expression of health, of nervousness, even the expression of truth, are things you can look at. How long it takes to know them all. And you never do, not completely. A body or face is never the same even in a single day. And the mind, that's even more difficult.”
― Rachel Ingalls, Something to Write Home About

“Why believe in dreams, that promise a reality, which will never be?”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“Silver and gold pale into insignificance if you flatter me with blue nights, romance me with pink lips and woo me with purple prose...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“The covert conversation between fingers and flesh feverishly heightens the senses and emboldens the soul when the prospect of discovery is inevitable...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“He was an erotic necessity, clad in denim...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“This classic speaks to us not by asking for replication of everything it depicts, but by inspiring us towards emulation of the timeless principles it demonstrates. By coming to know its characters from this principle-centered perspective, we can come to know ourselves better.”
― Chaitanya Charan, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“He may be a nobody to you, but he is a somebody to me..”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“A very important lesson I've learnt through life: 'There is always a time to move on.'
People are sent our way for a reason. When their role is over they have to leave, because they are required at another place for another reason. Their exit from our lives may not be smooth, it may even be hurtful or uncomfortable - but when you see signs that life is pulling you apart, let them go. Hold on to the good memories, but let them go. Allow that space for someone else who might need YOU for a reason. Let them go, as someone else might need them. It's not necessary to make it dramatic or tragic, because nothing is permanent in life; nothing is promised. Just be thankful that they were there when you needed them the most.”
― Asma Naqi

“Our souls stretched across time, spanning the universe in search of each other and suddenly, there it was...life, love, desire, all we had to do was indulge...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“Everything I do is a love letter addressed to you.”
― Tayari Jones, An American Marriage

“There is a secret about human love that is commonly overlooked: Receiving it is much more scary and threatening than giving it. How many times in your life have you been unable to let in someone’s love or even pushed it away? Much as we proclaim the wish to be truly loved, we are often afraid of that, and so find it difficult to open to love or let it all the way in.”
― John Welwood, Perfect Love: Imperfect Relationships

“With our faith in our community of two or more, we can go anywhere.When the three roots of faith, practice, and community support have fed us deeply, then we will be solid both alone and in our relationships. We will not just survive; we will flourish. Often in our daily lives, we are just focused on survival. But fidelity is not a question of survival. It is one of vitality.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“Messed around and fell in love with myself unconditionally.”
― Jill Telford

“When we look deeply and honestly at our own suffering, energies, and views, we find a peace that comes from being comfortable in our own bodies. But our true home is not only inside us. Once we have become comfortable in ourselves, then we can begin listening deeply to the suffering of our loved ones, and begin understanding their experiences and views. Then we can become a true home for each other.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“We’re all searching for a place where we feel safe and comfortable, a home where we can be truly ourselves. As we become more skilled in mindfulness and lay down the roots of fidelity, we can truly relax with our partner. All the restlessness and searching inside dissipates when we find our true home.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“If you have a difficult relationship, and you want to make peace with the other person, you have to go home to yourself. Go home to your garden and cultivate the flowers of peace, compassion, understanding, and joy. Only after that can you come to your partner and be patient and compassionate.
When we commit to another person, we make a promise to grow together, sharing the fruit and progress of practice. It is our responsibility to take care of each other. Every time the other person does something in the direction of change and growth, we should show our appreciation.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“She's such a lovely woman, he'd tell me time and time again. I'd nod, because my mom is such a lovely woman. And charming and smart. Can't argue with any of that. She's also a fucking wack job.”
― Lisa Gardner, Never Tell

“Your partner needs your attention and your watering of his or her positive seeds. Without that attention, your relationship will wither.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“Even with a lot of goodwill, we can still make the other person very unhappy. Mindfulness is the paintbrush in the art of happiness. When we are mindful, we are more artful and happiness blooms”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“We can look around and see that a person who lives with happiness and compassion has the capacity to make others happy.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“Beauty and goodness are there in each of us. A true spiritual partner is one who encourages you to look deep inside yourself for the beauty and love you’ve been seeking. A true teacher is someone who helps you discover the teacher in yourself.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“If they ever let me in those pearly gates, I'm going to walk all over God's heaven until I find that girl. And the first thing I'm going to do is ask her if she would marry me, and do it all over again.”
― Dave Isay, All There Is: Love Stories from StoryCorps

“Darling, I know there is a seed of anger in you. I know that every time I water that seed, you suffer and you make me suffer too. So I make a vow to refrain from watering the seed of anger in you. I also promise not to water the seed of anger in me. Can you make the same commitment? In our daily lives, let’s not read, view, or consume anything that waters the seeds of anger and violence in us. You know that the seed of anger in me is quite big enough. Every time you do or say something that waters it, I suffer and I make you suffer. So let’s not water these seeds in each other.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“It does not take more than one thoughtless phrase to hurt someone.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“If you and your partner both have a deep aspiration, then not only will you support each other’s happiness, you will bring more happiness to the world in ways that you, by yourself, cannot.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“With great understanding, we see the way out of our bondage. We discover the lightness and compassion necessary to love someone else”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“Daddy said, "At some point you will come to accept your limitations."

"Do you accept yours?" I asked, with challenge in my voice.

"But of course, Ladybug. That's what marriage teaches you.”
― Tayari Jones, An American Marriage

“Maybe that's what it means to be in love, to willingly be at the mercy of another person.”
― Tayari Jones, An American Marriage

“She inspires me... Loving her has been a life-changer. She made me a better man... a man you can trust... a man you aren’t afraid to love.”
― Steve Maraboli

“True love gives us a lot of space. Because you are connected spiritually and emotionally as well as physically, you do not need to always be in the same place or doing the same thing. You do not worry if your beloved is over here today and you are over there.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“After a while, you unlearn how to merely survive. You learn to live. To thrive. To breathe. To appreciate the finer “things” in life. All the while realizing you can’t take any of the things with you. Only the energy. The spirit of it all.
— You never forget those “things”.”
― Jill Telford

“When they show you who they are — you know what to do already.”
― Jill Telford

“To having a real relationship, is one skill that we must master. Is to appreciate who u are, an be grateful for the time u both sacrifices!”
― Dianerste Ross

“We must listen to love before we reason for love is the reason. The reason of being, the purpose of life, it is love, simply love. Anything else stands at risk of getting lost in translation.”
― Wald Wassermann

“If you must lose, then lose with style...”
― Virginia Alison

“I do not need to compete for attention, I merely require competent attention...”
― Virginia Alison

“Your spot on someone's schedule speaks volumes...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“If you can only desire her by repeatedly risking all, then you neither love, desire nor value your woman, you merely desire control...”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“When life hands me lemons, they had better be pink ones!”
― Virginia Alison, Sassy Little Secrets

“Push too far into independence and we disconnect and hurt each other. Then in a longing for togetherness, we seek each other out; fumbling around for the warmth of the other. Push too far into intimacy and we get afraid of losing ourselves in it and head the other way. It is the ongoing interplay between independence and intimacy.”
― Donna Goddard, Together

“Why do you like me? Why can't you tell I'm not that into you?”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“Given how little contact Ted had now with actual Anna, it was like he was in a relationship with an imaginary friend.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“He'd never empathized with Rachel more than he did in those moments, imagining what it would be like to be innocently eating lunch with a person who had been acting for all the world as though he liked you, who had given you no hint that anything was bothering him at all, when suddenly, out of nowhere, wham, it turned out you were completely wrong about him, and that everything he'd been telling you was a lie.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“What is wrong with me, that even this fucking loser won't give me what I want?”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“Ted was wildly uncomfortable. He wasn't quite sure who Rachel was on a date with, but it didn't seem to be him. He'd contributed nothing to the outing; as far as he could tell, she could have brought an inflatable doll with her to the movie and had an equally good time.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“And yet sometimes he'd lie awake at night imagining Rachel telling her story to a tribunal of all the girls who'd ever rejected him, regaling them about his deceptions, the way he'd pretended to like her when he didn't, the mask of 'niceness' he wore when the truth was he was a selfish, lying piece of shit—and he saw all those girls, Anna at their center, shocked but not shocked, nodding and agreeing that yes, of course, they'd known something was wrong with him all along.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“He unrequitedly loved Anna; Anna unrequitedly loved Marco; Marco probably unrequitedly loved some rando none of them had ever met. The world was pitiless. Nobody had any power over anyone else.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“I can't believe you called me," Anna said. "Nobody else from home has called me in forever. It's like they forgot about me. You think you're so close to people but when it comes down to it, they just forget.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“Anna, are you asleep?"

He imagined Anna lying awake, eyes wide, staring at the ceiling, her heart full of yearning, but there was only silence.

"I love you, Anna," he whispered, and he hung up the phone.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“On the other hand, she happily kept him informed about plans she had with other people, providing a steady flow of information about excursions that were about to happen, details of dates or parties that were always this close to coming together. As long as he listened, without complaint, to an endless description of activities that were supposed to happen without him, there was a 30 percent chance, at least, that Anna would change her mind at the last minute, claim to be unable to handle the unbearable burden of whatever her social plans were supposed to be, and decide to hang out with him instead. She'd arrive at his house and collapse in exaggerated relief: "I am so glad we're doing this, I was so not in the mood for another party at Maria's." As though they were both equally at the mercy of circumstance, similarly oblivious to the power dynamic that governed their "friendship.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“It's really easy to be patient and sympathetic with someone when it's theoretical, or only for a little while. It's a lot harder to deal with someone's craziness when it's constant. . . .”
― Roz Chast

“Did he even exist in her mind, as a living, breathing, thinking person? He spent so much time trying to figure out what she was thinking, but what kind of a consciousness did she imagine lived behind the mask of his face?”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“For the first time, Ted imagined fucking Anna the way he (almost) fucked Rachel: cruelly, without concern for her comfort, fully acknowledging that as much as he loved her, he hated her, too.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“She puts her head on his shoulder, and for a second, it's like the other good night, the night of the bonfire, the brief lifting of the yoke, freedom from the circle: Marco hurting Anna, Anna hurting Ted, Ted hurting Rachel, these endless rounds of jealousy and harm.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“Oh, my God, Ted," she moaned, fakely.

They dated for the next four months.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“Whenever he was bored or anxious, his brain distracted itself by worrying at the question of whether he could ever make Anna like him, like a dog working the last bits of marrow from a bone.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“Who would willingly walk the path of love if they knew its cost without first being seduced by its promise?”
― Donna Goddard, Together

“She doesn't know what to call it—this free-falling sensation she feels every time she looks at Taylor, like her hands are closing again and again on emptiness—but she thinks she knows better than to call it love.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“It was as if they had never been apart.”
― Sandra Newman, The Heavens

“It takes quantity as well as quality to develop warm and caring relationships.”
― John C. Maxwell, Today Matters: 12 Daily Practices to Guarantee Tomorrow's Success

“You can't make the other fellow feel important in your presence if you secretly feel that he is a nobody.”
― John C. Maxwell, Today Matters: 12 Daily Practices to Guarantee Tomorrow's Success

“The best way to help people is to see the best in them.

The 101% principle: Look for the 1 thing I admire in them and give them 100% encouragement for it.”
― John C. Maxwell, Today Matters: 12 Daily Practices to Guarantee Tomorrow's Success

“إن أهم رصيد في الحياة هو علاقة ما”
― Anthony Robbins, Awaken the Giant Within: How to Take Immediate Control of Your Mental, Emotional, Physical and Financial Destiny!

“After a point, all marriages become boring, some are peacefully boring and some are annoyingly boring.”
― honeya

“Sexual intimacy shouldn’t occur before there is communion, understanding, and sharing on the emotional and spiritual level.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“You have to learn how to be comfortable with yourself and focus on making your own home within. Once you have a spiritual path, you have a home. Once you can deal with your emotions and handle the difficulties of your daily life, then you have something to offer to another person. The other person has to do the same thing. Both people have to heal on their own so they feel at ease in themselves; then they can become a home for each other. Otherwise, all that we share in physical intimacy is our loneliness and suffering.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“When we can see our partner as not separate from us, not better or worse or even equal to ourselves, then we have the wisdom of nondiscrimination. We see the happiness of others as our happiness, their suffering as our suffering.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“First, we just acknowledge that it is there inside us. If we don’t listen to our own suffering, we won’t understand it, and we won’t have compassion for ourselves. Compassion is the element that helps heal us. Only when we have compassion for ourselves, can we truly listen to another person.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“If your love is true love, it will benefit not only humans, but also animals, plants, and minerals. When you love one person, it’s an opportunity for you to love everyone, all beings. Then you are going in a good direction, and that is true love. But if you love someone and you get caught up in suffering and attachment, then you get cut off from others. That’s not true love.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“Eye contact beats any conversation.”
― Christina Strigas

“The belief that the people around us will reciprocate in proportion to what we give them is called "trust.”
― Emily Nagoski, Burnout: The Secret to Unlocking the Stress Cycle

“You like the gentleman, then?" said Muna.
"I don't dislike him," said Henrietta unpromisingly.
[...]
"I don't dislike cabbage," Muna found herself saying, "but I should not consider marrying it. Not disliking seems a poor foundation for future happiness.”
― Zen Cho, The True Queen

“Men are like horoscopes,” Trixie cut Skye off. “They always tell you what to do and are usually wrong.”
― Denise Swanson, Murder of a Royal Pain

“Since so much of our identity is constructed through our social relationships, which rely so heavily on language, aphasia can obliterate that feeling of belonging”
― Debra Meyerson, Identity Theft: Rediscovering Ourselves After Stroke

“New love is brightest, and long love is greatest; but revived love is the tenderest thing known upon earth.”
― Thomas Hardy, The Hand of Ethelberta

“Between himself and her there was that kind of division which is more insurmountable than enmity; for estrangements produced by good judgment will last when those of feeling break down in smiles. Not the lovers who part in passion, but the lovers who part in friendship, are those who most frequently part forever.”
― Thomas Hardy , The Hand of Ethelberta

“Lies rob us of our trust and we project our untrustworthiness onto everyone around us. Have you ever noticed that the innocent are very trusting? They neither lie nor hold other people’s lies against them. Liars, on the other hand, see sabotage everywhere.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“When you’re in your twenties and you haven’t fully realized what you look for in a partner, the single market has about everything you can imagine and more. And you’re like a blank canvas—everyone’s like a blank canvas—as you discover how to paint a relationship together.

Later in life, when you’ve experienced love and heartbreak and you find yourself single again and returning to the spouseless market, you kind of figure out that what’s left for you…is not a blank canvas for you to write your story on anymore. Every bachelor comes with a previous story, with drama and emotional baggage from their past relationships.

And you—you—have to deal with it all, measure the puzzle pieces and see if somehow they might fit within the gaps and cracks left by your own experiences.”
― Esther Rabbit, Lost in Amber

“The relationship, whatever form it may take now and in the future, is already in motion. It is already bringing up the right issues. Regardless of its destined outcome, it is working in that good/bad, pleasure/painful way that important relationships do. Keep your own eyes on a straight course of love and trust and it will help to move everything in that direction.”
― Donna Goddard, Together

“Every so often, over the next day or so, she would find herself in a gray, daydreamy mood, missing something, and she'd realize that it was Robert she missed, not the real Robert but the Robert she'd imagined on the other end of all those text messages during break.”
― Kristen Roupenian, You Know You Want This

“Do not be afraid of love or the course it will take. There is no certainty in life. Choose love first and choose love last and it will give you more than you ever give it.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“It was so easy in high school when all it took was the same taste in music and cool trainers. We just took it from there, easily, naturally, like a stroll.

Now, we are reduced to comparing profiles, seeing if somewhere in the mix of our emotional dramas and their emotional dramas, our preferences and their preferences, our plans and their plans, we can find a common path to walk together at a similar pace.”
― Esther Rabbit, Lost in Amber

“The week wasn’t even over and on top of Sam and Emma getting dumped slash divorced, Zoey remembered Ben the janitor freshly divorcing his spouse and Christopher Grave breaking it off for the billionth time with none other than Anthony Bush, her first adult crush. Those two were probably
going to go on and off like the Grand Slam anyway.

The world was soon coming to a broken-hearted zombie apocalypse with the
not-so-better halves roaming the Earth in search of the one meant to put an end to the misery, sales of self-help books going high, therapists’ agendas fully booked, and chick flicks gone out of the shelves of video rental stores—if there were any left post Netflix.”
― Esther Rabbit, Lost in Amber

“All these 29 year-old women should be married by now. I would marry all of them. Hmm that doesn't sound quite right.”
― Trevor Carss

“The most important relationship throughout your entire life is the one within; cherish it.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“We don't have to stay in a repeating bad story, We can pick up a new book which is better and happier, just by putting the other book down.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“Relationships are a gift from God. One cannot arrange what is not written in Heaven. Both people must feel the spark of God which ignites the love and says, “Come this way, I have a good story for you.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“It is not for you to decide who you will love and trust. Love those who come into your life. Love them for as long as they wish to be there. And then still love them even if they are no longer there. You cannot run out of love or give too much away. You don’t have to decide or arrange anything. Your happiness is already assured.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“What I lack in the looks department, I make up for in the everything else department.”
― Trevor Carss

“Never win at the expense of the relationship.”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“Polite, socially acceptable suppression of our rage is "inauthentic," insofar as we are not sharing our full selves. And that is part of trust, too. Part of being trustworthy is meeting expectations and staying in line, as if you were a well-behaved woman.”
― Emily Nagoski, Burnout: The Secret to Unlocking the Stress Cycle

“It was the moments; the precious moments. The moments when no one was complaining, blaming, thinking about past hurts or the fear of future ones. It was those moments of simply being present to another person. Those moments of being grateful. Gratitude for another being; gratitude for life. Those moments made their relationship.”
― Donna Goddard

“Watching you

stare into space in the tidy
rows of the vegetable garden, ostensibly
working hard while actually
doing the worst job possible, I think

you are a small irritating purple thing
and I would like to see you walk off the face of the earth
because you are all that's wrong with my life
and I need you and I claim you.”
― Louise Glück, Meadowlands

“What is a woman?
Her brothers' sister, her father's daughter,
Her husband's wife, her children's mother”
― David Elliott, Voices: The Final Hours of Joan of Arc

“ON MY WAY, I was learning, was the product of Barack's eternal optimism, an indication of his eagerness to be home that did nothing to signify when he would actually arrive. ALMOST HOME was not a geo-locator but rather a state of mind.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“You can't support long-term relationships, there are times when people are no longer interested in me.”
― Wahid Bhat

“YOU can master relationships only if YOU are able to differentiate between who is “praying” for YOU and who is “playing” with YOU.”
― George Stamatis

“Writing poems is the best revenge.”
― Christina Strigas

“El secreto de la felicidad, o, por lo menos, de la tranquilidad, es saber separar el sexo del amor. Y, si es posible, eliminar el amor romántico de tu vida, que es el que hace sufrir. Así se vive más tranquilo y se goza más.”
― Mario Vargas Llosa, Travesuras de la niña mala

“The problem isn’t that they don't show you love, respect, and attention... The problem is that you wish they would... and now you’re begging, hoping, and giving endless second chances. They don’t value you and if you don’t change something, they’ll convince you to not value yourself. Stop arguing with reality. When it comes to love, respect, and attention, the right person won’t have to be begged.”
― Steve Maraboli

“It's a complicated relationship, being a good grandparent, because it hinges on a series of other relationships... Because being a grandparent is determined by the relationship your child has with you, partly determined by the one a son or daughter has with his or her spouse, partly determined by the relationship you have with the person your child has chosen to have a child with.”
― Anna Quindlen, Nanaville: Adventures in Grandparenting

“Being a sugar baby was like being a groupie, but for any guy who was rich.”
― Teresa Lo, The Sugar Baby Club

“You've got to find a man who will build you up. Enough with the boys who like to break things apart and put them back together just to see how they work. Even though you have already built yourself up, the value in adding anyone else to your life lies in the question if whether or not they can add more to that structure. If not, you're better off alone. You've got this one life, who are you going to let into it? And why?”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Death, distance, and time, shall each one of them dig graves for your affections; but this you do not know, nor can know, until the story of your life is ended.”
― Ik Marvel, Dream Life

“Be wise and break the silent treatment before it break down your relationship beyond repair. Pride repels love ask the devil he will tell you.”
― Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal

“One gets away with a lot when one is in an unchallenging relationship or is too busy to invest in one at all. Mostly, one gets away from oneself.”
― Donna Goddard, Circles of Separation

“If you want to know how easy it is to love someone without holding back, forgive that person genuinely and try loving that person again. You will experience love in 3D and in high definition.”
― Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal

“If you do not have a forgiving heart, stay far away from love otherwise you will spoil the beauty of love.”
― Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal

“Love is not enough, you also need hope and faith for your marriage to stand firm.”
― Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal

“She gives me meals that stick to my ribs. She don't forget to put salt in the porridge. She never slams doors, and when she has nothing to say, she don't talk. That's uncanny in a woman, you know, Mister.”
― L.M. Montgomery, The Blue Castle

“As your walk with Christ grows, your relationship with your spouse grows.”
― Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal

“We washed her body, chanted, and stayed to witness the funeral director shrouding her and whisking her down the hall. I thought of the Zen teaching that talks about how all we need to do is allow ourselves and the world to change. Easy to say, I thought. And yet, here I was in the midst of my experience of fullness of the pain, grief, love, and joy of my grandma’s death. Everything did change.

Everything I teach now I learned from my relationship with Mimi. Being deeply in relationship changes the world. I didn’t know then that my life would pivot to teaching others and to being with many, many Mimis.”
― Koshin Paley Ellison, Awake at the Bedside: Contemplative Teachings on Palliative and End-of-Life Care

“She loved Harry and so, when he disappeared, when he withdrew into vagueness and alcohol, she had despised him passionately.”
― William Browning Spencer, Zod Wallop

“Relationships that help us change negative characteristics are relationships worth building and maintaining for life, because the other person is looking out for our best interests and wants us to progress spiritually.”
― Nozer Kanga, Living with Consciousness: Everyday Inspirations for Spiritual Growth and Personal Fulfillment

“The man who lets himself be dominated will never have consistency in his relationships.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Take good care of relationships. God has never come down from heaven to do anything on earth by Himself. God works through men! God uses people to pour out blessings in your life. The person you despise today can be your saviour tomorrow. The answers to your prayers are locked in people. You cannot be praying for promotion at work yet trashing your Boss. You cannot be praying for success in life/business yet manipulating, using people, lying, cheating people every chance you get. Some relationships that could've blossom and brought more open doors, business referrals or better opportunities in future are killed prematurely because of quick/immediate gain. Destiny helpers don't come with white clothes and wings.”
― Nicky Verd

“Both the challenge and the spice of relationships is in people's differences. Occasional frustration is the price of admission.”
― Douglas Stone, Bruce Patton and Sheila Heen

“Do not get married if you are not ready to be faithful.”
― Habeeb Akande

“Someone once told me a story about long-term relationships. To think of them as a continent to explore. I could spend a lifetime backpacking through Africa, and I would still never know all there is to know about that continent. To stay the course, to stay intentional, to stay curious and connected – that’s the heart of it. But it’s so easy to lose track of the trail, to get tired, to want to give up, or to want a new adventure. It can be so easy to lose sight of the goodness and mystery within the person sitting right in front of you.”
― Joy Williams

“Love is the reason so we must listen to love before we reason.

- on the origin and purpose of life.”
― Wald Wassermann

“I should warn you in advance that I want you to know me and why I became a sugar baby. Most people aren’t comfortable with the idea of older men dating younger girls and exchanging money, so it’s important to me that you get why I did what I did. And I want you to understand that the difference between being a sugar baby versus being a prostitute is the connection. Although sometimes “sugar dating” is just a code for escorting, those people are just not doing it right. To really sugar date correctly, you have to feel something for the man who takes care of you, and he has to feel something for you. And you won’t feel anything for either of us if I don’t tell you all the good and bad parts of the story. And believe me, there are a lot of good things and a lot of bad things to this story.”
― Teresa Lo, The Sugar Baby Club

“Any activity such as dancing which involves frequent, long-term interaction with another person creates a great deal of mental, emotional, and physical memory in our being.”
― Donna Goddard

“The idea of dating anyone for money wasn't considered respectable, even though that was something practiced since the beginning of time.”
― Teresa Lo, The Sugar Baby Club

“A man who wants a woman who’s uncomplicated doesn’t truly want love, because he doesn’t truly want a woman. Because all women are complicated. Girls are complicated. The only things not complicated are transactions, and that’s what Matthew and I had.

And with our arrangement, I realized, he wasn’t paying for sex. He was paying for me to be uncomplicated, and I accepted the money to hide who I really was.”
― Teresa Lo, The Sugar Baby Club

“When you find a partner and the joy of this relationship inspires you to make improvements in yourself. Hang on, and let it grow. If your partner is feeling the same way, this is wonderful appreciation for each other. It’s heartwarming. Your best complements will come when you’re both together.”
― Ron Baratono

“Circumstances, luck, mutual need, affection and time played a part. No relationships were made in heaven. They were made because living things were looking for good company. And when you found good company, you valued it deeply and were responsible for its up-keep and well-being.”
― Robert Fulghum, From Beginning to End

“She looked at him with clear disgust and said
You realize of course you are rife with multiple addictions. He replied- Well perhaps
But I like to think of myself well rounded in that regard and BTW I’d appreciate if you would lay off my hobbies.”
― Vincent Quatroche Q-Bop City

“Women are looking for a man that currently does not exist and men are looking for a woman that no longer exist.”
― Alex Haditaghi

“Relationships sometimes break like a falling vase into fifty pieces. And when you glue the vase back together, you realize it has lost the luster and pristine appearance that will never return. Now you have two choices. Keep it as it is or throw it away. – 1984”
― RJ Intindola

“The constant vigilance and my heightened anxiety that I'd screw it up anyway exhausted me, but I persevered.”
― Tracey Garvis Graves, The Girl He Used to Know

“To love pleasure takes little. To love truly takes a hero who can manage his own fear.”
― Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype

“People will reveal who they are if you just pay attention.”
― Germany Kent

“You will never be lost in your lives if you rely on the love you have embraced and the love which embraced you.”
― Lili Naghdi, On Loving

“It’s not that love lacks power. Rather, it’s that we’re too frightened to submit to a power that will demand vulnerability when we’ve invested the whole of our lives building walls.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“If it is love we are making, even though we are apprehensive or frightened, we are willing to untangle the bones of the Death nature. We are willing to see how it all goes together. We are willing to touch the not-beautiful in another, and in ourselves.”
― Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype

“I’m awfully interested in how big things begin. You know how it is; you’re twenty-one or twenty-two and you make some decisions. . . then whissh! you’re seventy. You’ve been a lawyer for fifty years and that white-haired lady by your side has eaten over 50,000 meals with you. How do such things begin?”
― Thornton Wilder, Our Town

“You know, Raymond, when you're at a party, at a dance. And it's maybe a slow dance, and you're with the person you really want to be with, and the rest of the room's supposed to vanish. But somehow it doesn't. It just doesn't. You know there's no one half as nice as the guy in your arms. And yet.... well, there are all these people everywhere else in the room. They don't leave you alone. They keep shouting and waving and doing daft things just to attract your attention. "Oi! How can you be satisfied with that?1 You can do much better! Look over here!" It's like they're shouting things like that all the time. And so it gets hopeless, you just can't dance quietly with your guy. Do you know what I mean, Raymond?”
― Kazuo Ishiguro, Nocturnes: Five Stories of Music and Nightfall

“You really love him, huh? Not just the sweet ‘oh, we met in high school and just couldn’t seem to find someone else’ sort of love, but the epic, desperate, ‘move mountains and cross oceans’ sort of love.”
I chuckled. “I think that would be an apt description. When you realize that someone would do anything for you, even if it means separating themselves from you, risking that you’ll never love them again, just to make sure you’re safe and well . . . There’s no coming back from that. You’ll do whatever it takes to be with them. You might want to kick their ass a few times along the way. But when you find that, you don’t let it go.”
Jamie shuddered.
“Too mushy?” I asked.
“I’ll survive.”
― Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Bite Their Neighbors

“To look for solace is to learn to ask fiercer and more exquisitely pointed questions, questions that reshape our identities and our bodies and our relation to others.”
― David Whyte, Consolations: The Solace, Nourishment and Underlying Meaning of Everyday Words

“We were a religious sect consisting of two people, and now half the congregation was gone. There would be no closure, no healing. I would simply adjust myself to a new and severely depleted reality. The world would come to an end, as it always does, one world at a time.”
― James Marcus

“She will not tell you all her thoughts, feelings, and emotions. You have to understand her unsaid words.”
― Avijeet Das

“Repay kindnesses and generosity bestowed upon you by continuing the giving. Extend yourself freely to others to sustain the positive cycle of giving.”
― Michelle Lederman, 11 Laws of Likability

“One of the most boring things about being in a relationship is that your partner usually makes their boredom your problem.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Time and shared experiences are key ingredients to creating bonds that last.”
― Michelle Lederman, 11 Laws of Likability

“Even if you are just starting out in your career, you have valuable perspectives and advice to share.”
― Michelle Lederman, 11 Laws of Likability

“The relationships you genuinely care about are the ones that will form the strongest network you can build.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, CSP

“Everything I have described so far seems to have happened to somebody else—to somebody else’s father. But the death of a parent happens to you, and, once it starts, it never stops. It dislodges everything.”
― James Marcus

“You are me and I am you. I don't feel you are separate from me!”
― Avijeet Das

“Relationships develop best in the absence of a previously stated goal and a strict timetable, but relationship management means setting goals and creating a plan.”
― Monica Bakker

“Why does my heart desire you all the time?”
― Avijeet Das

“Minutes may pass into hours, and hours may pass into days, and days may pass into months and months may pass into years but my heart will keep on falling in love with you every moment!”
― Avijeet Das

“No matter how many times I go back and forth between dreaming and dreading it, love always calls me back home. Through tender love songs and cute love stories and quirky rom-coms (which I actually don’t watch too often), it always manages to renew my faith in its existence. I may not have it yet, but I believe it’s out there somewhere waiting to find me or be found.

That will always give me hope.”
― Marcus Granderson, Timestamp: Musings of an Introverted Black Boy

“In long-standing relationships, sometimes, it's not that the other person become marginal, rather you tend to consider your partner a part of yourself and, as for your arm, even if you never say how important it is to you, it would be terrible if it wasn't there.”
― Luigina Sgarro

“Love is not a feeling, but the characteristic of a productive relationship. Failing to understand this is our great error in a time when all of us are chasing love as a goal, but finding only an extraordinary lack of love, for which we then blame ourselves. Our misunderstanding of love continues to make this situation worse. A world in which love exists in fantasies but has no actual potency loses the ability to facilitate fair negotiations, bestow meaning, or produce anything other than purely monetary wealth.”
― Andreas Weber, Matter and Desire: An Erotic Ecology

“I think when we love people we offer them the opportunity to break the barriers that prevent them from finding the love they deserve.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Where You'll Land

“Why does my heart refuse to accept that it can't be near you all the time?”
― Avijeet Das

“You have to love her more when she does not have time to love herself!”
― Avijeet Das

“See the passion kiss the lips. Don't let this person slip by. They've given you a lustful heart. An emotional gift.”
― Ron Baratono

“When they weren't on the beach or sailing, Alicia and Jack were indoors, usually in the basement watching movies. Alicia missed so many important films during those frightening years.”
― Michelle Gable, The Summer I Met Jack

“Look at someone every day for long enough and you stop seeing what everyone else sees. You start to see what no one else sees, what is kept hidden from most people.”
― Melanie Golding, Little Darlings

“When the right person hugs you, it's like medicine. I'm so grateful for those few people in my life who are good for my soul.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Do not think of yourself as a crescent moon, waiting for someone else to fill in the missing part of you. When you stand alone like a full moon, already complete in yourself, you will meet another person who is whole and complete just like you, and between you two, a healthy relationship can grow. Do not try and fit yourselves to each other to make one whole moon. Instead, be more like two full moons. You’ll respect each other’s individuality and interests while creating a relationship in which each of you shines brightly on the other”
― Haemin Sunim, Love for Imperfect Things: How to Accept Yourself in a World Striving for Perfection

“what matters is not who initiated but how we responded thereafter. We both responded with affirming words and validating actions. We invested in the relationship equally, together giving and receiving. We kept communication open the whole way through.”
― Debra Fileta, True Love Dates: Your Indispensable Guide to Finding the Love of Your Life

“Our moods meet in the wrong places.”
― Thomas Hardy, Far From the Madding Crowd

“The daily life of lovers often begins to share resemblances, so that, in time, each day becomes indistinguishable from the one that came before it. The lovers carry each other's words in their hearts when apart and when together; they laugh; they talk; they make love; they argue; they eat; they tend to poultry together; they watch television and dream about a future together. This way, time slips and memories accrue until their union becomes the sum of all the words they have said to each other, their laughter, their love-making, their arguments, their eating, their work with the poultry, and all the things they have done together. When that are not with each other, night becomes to them an undesirable thing. They despair at the masking of the sun and wait eagerly for the night, this cosmic sheet that has separated them from their beloved, to pass in fervent haste.”
― Chigozie Obioma, An Orchestra of Minorities

“He picked up the pieces, keeping his favorite parts away from my hammer.”
― Piper Payne

“After truly knowing Ryke, I can't fathom shutting the door on a sibling. It's a bind that's different than a friendship. It's one that hurts more if it breaks, but when it's whole, it means everything”
― Krista Ritchie, Addicted After All

“I would. When we do we won’t know where it starts and where it ends. Sex for us would be a spice in our soup pot of love mixed with other ingredients to make our lives’ meals exciting. A spice alone can’t cook you a soup. You need dozens of ingredients to make it work. People burn their love pots for failure to combine the basic ingredients.”
― Godwin Inyang, Gamblers Make Better Lovers

“Spend all your time burning bridges and you’ll end up all wet when you have to swim to shore on the return.”
― Elijah Shaw, An Introduction to Celebrity Protection and Touring: A Guide to Mastering the Business of Vip Security

“— Dar nu e treaba lui, ripostează el, disperat. E treaba mea.
— Tocmai asta e, Jude. Că e treaba lui. Asta înseamnă să fii într-o relaţie – nu pricepi încă? Nu pricepi că nu poţi să faci pur şi simplu ce vrei tu? Nu pricepi că, atunci când te răneşti pe tine, îl răneşti şi pe el?”
― Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life

“Trust is a present deposit of a future assurance.”
― John W Hayes

“And you like doing all this ana-lyzing?'
'I used to, but the thrill is gone. Been gone. It's okay, though. It's a living.'
'And you studied many years to learn to do this?'
'Yep. New York University. Bachelor's and master's.' I don't even want to mention my M.F.A.
'Right.' He sighs as if he's putting this all together and then he looks me in the eye and says, 'Well , it seems to me that if one goes to college for so many years you'd at least end up working in some field that you derive a great deal of pleasure from. Don't you think?'
'Of course I do, Winston, but sometimes your attitude changes, your needs and values change, as you get older, and what used to excite you doesn't anymore.'
'So do you have this same attitude toward people when your attitude changes?'
'What do you mean?'
'I mean when you get bored or someone wears out their welcome do you treat them like you would your job? Do you just kind of settle in or do you look for a new one?'
Damn.”
― Terry McMillan, How Stella Got Her Groove Back

“I wanted to ask her if she meant to spend the night here as well, but I didn't want her to say yes. It could be that she was in some kind of mood and just wanted a nap and my question might force her to adopt a stance. She does that, I've noticed; she lashes out when she thinks she's been given a cue.”
― Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox

“People confuse love with sex. Having sex doesn’t mean you’re in love. Sex with the wrong partner destroys. Wrong mating is the major cause of the devastation the world is witnessing. If only true love could reign in the hearts of couples, then the entire world would witness peace. Harmony in the homes would create cohesion in the communities and cohesion in the communities spells agreement amongst nations and that would readily translate to global peace. But tension-filled homes which are the products of loveless relationships are infecting the bloodstream of international relationship and that’s the number one reason for chaos everywhere. The chap with a gun shooting down others I can tell you is a child from a loveless home. He knows no love and can’t extend it either. The world has plenty of sex but is wanting in love.”
― Godwin Inyang, Gamblers Make Better Lovers

“Love is not the result of adequate sexual satisfaction, but sexual happiness—even the knowledge of the so-called sexual technique—is the result of love. If aside from everyday observation this thesis needed to be proved, such proof can be found in ample material of psychoanalytic data. The study of the most frequent sexual problems—frigidity in women, and the more or less severe forms of psychic impotence in men—show that the cause does not lie in a lack of knowledge of the right technique, but in the inhibitions which make it impossible to love. Fear of or hatred for the other sex are at the bottom of those difficulties, which prevent a person from giving himself completely, from acting spontaneously, from trusting the sexual partner in the immediacy and directness of physical closeness. If a sexually inhibited person can emerge from fear or hate, and hence become capable of loving, his or her sexual problems are solved. If not, no amount of knowledge about sexual techniques will help.”
― Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving

“Couples need the salt of understanding themselves … the palm oil of care so they could blend. They need appropriate seasoning of trust to avoid unnecessary friction in their midst. There has to be unhindered flow of water of communication. They must deeply love themselves so as to unite and make each home a sweet pot of soup.”
― Godwin Inyang, Gamblers Make Better Lovers

“If I’m going right and she’s going left, then she’s not the one for me. If she’s straining to change me and I’m too rigid in my ways, you can see clearly conflict is brewing. If I’m making a joke and she doesn’t have enough sense of humour to catch it, then our house is on fire and that girl can’t be the one for me.”
― Godwin Inyang, Gamblers Make Better Lovers

“Sex is often had by someone to whom it means everything with someone to whom it means nothing.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“You can't be with someone when there are secrets. Relationships like that don't survive, they sink.”
― Hattie Lou, Better With You

“In his 1964 talk on feminism, Winnicott says something he's been saying all along. "...We find that the trouble is not so much that everyone was inside and then born, but that at the very beginning everyone was dependent on a woman." Winnicott sees this dependence as the root of misogyny--though he never uses that word. Perhaps, like Woolf with "feminism," he felt plain language was more persuasive. "The awkward fact remains, for men and women, that each was once dependent on a woman, and somehow a hatred of this has to be turned into a kind of gratitude if full maturity of the personality is to be reached.”
― Alison Bechdel, Are You My Mother? A Comic Drama

“Creativity is alive
And thriving in my body.
The energy you bring out in me
Is within me infinitely.
My power is overflowing.
My lips are soft and welcoming
To the exhale,
The new Braille,
The silence that persists
After our moans die away,
I look at myself and say,
"Root down so you can burn.
Beautiful girl, it's your turn
To create magic within yourself.
This time, without his help.
Find your roots and find your fire,
Be mindful of what you desire,
Persist in what you know is true,
Stay focused on the endless route
Toward your own potential.
Allow the existential
Void to swallow you whole.
Take on your old role:
The lone seeker.
Become quieter.
Become meeker.
Become the beauty that you seek.
Embody strength if you feel weak.
Find love within the walls
Of this sacred temple.
Let yourself shake and tremble,
But keep your eyes ever fixed
On the horizon
Where it's rising,
No revising,
Fears capsizing
As you sail, sail, sail
Toward the wail
Of your siren spirit
Beckoning you to bloom
The flower in your womb,
The seed of creativity,
Your triumphant legacy."
These words, I will carry
Within me as I bury
Grains of wisdom
In the whispers of the wind.
And when I arrive
To the altar of our origin,
I'll be dressed in white and black,
And I'll cradle that exact
Feeling left on our sheets.
And you'll be on your knees,
Ready to receive
The wholeness of my broken mind,
Pried open by
The sparkle gleaming in your eyes.
And your hands will be full
Of supple fruit and you'll
Smile at me, and I will see
That you have fed your hunger.
You'll ooze with courage and wonder.
And then, we will know
That we've already lost each other
A thousand times before.
And I have found you
As clear water after mud settles.
And you have found me
As a bee deep in a flower's petals.
We have danced before,
Pulled art out of each other's spines.
We have died and birthed and died.
We've already kissed a million times.
This wasn't our first five act play,
And it will not be the last.
So when I thirst for your hands,
I will sit and chant.
We will meet again.
We will meet again.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“The irony of lost love is that a person discovers wisps of wisdom when addressing their bundle of pain and frayed emotions. Relationships that fan out in flames contain learning rubrics in the dying embers.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Some relationships are like french fries. They look good, taste good but they are bad for your health & heart.”
― Alex Haditaghi

“While waiting for her to phone me at school I'd feel seconds bursting inside me and leaving clouds. That won't come again—it can't. I'll never have that with anyone else. I'll never even come close.”
― Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox

“If my husband is working for Rose, he should not come to Mary for salary at the end of the month.”
― Godwin Inyang, The Many Faces of Truth

“If you were often rejected or ignored by your parents while growing up, you can end up seeking the love and attention you were denied from your romantic partner instead. If your partner is even slightly indifferent towards you, then the wound from your childhood can be ripped open, causeing a big fight with your partner. But the real cause isn’t your partner; it’s the wound you are carrying around within you. Rather than projecting this wound onto your partner and causing a fight, set aside your pride and speak from the heart: “I am terrified that you will reject me and leave me, like my mum/dad did.” If we combine painful memories, the need for attention, and pride, the relationship can easily be ruined.”
― Haemin Sunim, Love for Imperfect Things: How to Accept Yourself in a World Striving for Perfection

“You also have to work with the love you are given, with all of the complications clanging behind it like tin cans to a bridal sedan.”
― Tayari Jones, An American Marriage

“For some, even those who have immersed themselves in the life of the church - and certainly for me - no relationship seems to satisfy this yawning hunger to be known, to be loved, to be inside some nameless space that remains frustratingly, confusingly closed”
― Wesley Hill, Washed and Waiting: Reflections on Christian Faithfulness and Homosexuality

“The computer agntold scale. It also paved the way for increasing reclusive conduct at work and at home. It is becoming increasingly difficult for us to foster lasting professional relationships when the world clips along at megabyte speed and coworkers occupy a private office or separate cubicle. Prior forms of face-to-face communication are rapidly becoming obsolete. The computer age allows people to participate in a vast network of electronic communication and our escalating dependence upon electronic communications will foster rapid e opened doors to mass communication at depersonalization in the workplace. Some people will be frozen out of regular social interactions and no longer enjoy an uplifting one-on-one working relationship that people instinctively crave.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Men were not as disciplined or as smart as women, she though: men almost always took what they were offered, their appetites too crude and raw to put up much resistance. There were like children, gobbling down their candy all at once, with no thought about the consequences of their greed.”
― Lauren Groff, Florida

“The sooner we heal our traumas, the sooner we liberate ourselves from the people who hurt us. By hating them, we hold onto them. We cannot heal.”
― Vironika Tugaleva, The Art of Talking to Yourself

“(...) I also believe that most crabby people can change by making a conscious choice to react to the world in a different way. The key is to scan your environment regularly for things and people to appreciate rather than to criticize. In so doing, you create a new climate of praise and gratitude in your life. Instead of getting bogged down in people’s faults and mistakes, you get swept up in a fruitful search for reasons to say “thank you.”
― John M. Gottman, The Relationship Cure: A 5 Step Guide to Strengthening Your Marriage, Family, and Friendships

“When you feel something isn’t right, you’re probably right. Listen to your gut instinct, it’s, sometimes, smarter than your heart.”
― Zara Hairston

“We sometimes fall in love at last sight.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Where his skin touched hers, it felt like there was a current of pure magic between them. It was enough to boil her veins.”
― Hanleigh Bradley, Cursed By The Crown

“Women deformed by the pornographic sexual template
perceive other women as masturbatory objects.”
― Antonella Gambotto-Burke

“Anne declared that if Sarah abandoned her, "I swear to you I would shut myself up and never see a creature.”
― Anne Somerset, Queen Anne: The Politics of Passion

“People may say . . . that all is made up and well again, but such breaches between great people are seldom or never so.”
― Anne Somerset, Queen Anne: The Politics of Passion

“So ended . . . a royal friendship which once could not be contained within the common bounds of love.”
― Anne Somerset, Queen Anne: The Politics of Passion

“It was never about saying the words to her, it was about watching her react once I had said them”
― Dean Mackin

“Love is inconvenient. Love is untidy. Love is relentless, ruthless and rapacious. Done well, it’s hilarious, playful and redemptive.”
― Regina Barreca

“It’s always her that turns a bad day, into a great week by simply saying hello”
― Dean Mackin

“With one touch of her hand, all my fears are hidden. It's almost like a vivid dream that can't go wrong”
― Dean Mackin

“Birth of a baby not only creates a bond between
a baby and its parents but it also gives birth to
a small world called “Family.”
― Garima Pradhan, A Girl That Had to be Strong

“Take what people give you and let that be enough. Because people usually give all they're capable of giving, the way they're capable of giving it, and expecting more than that is just setting the relationship up to fail.”
― Jamie Raintree, Midnight at the Wandering Vineyard

“One of the most puzzling aspects of love is its lack of justice. It’s unfair. Love can elude people who seem to deserve it while it’s heaped on those who appear to ignore it, run from it, or slough it off as too restrictive.”
― Regina Barreca

“Maturity in any relationship makes the practice of love comfortable.”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“It's better to be with someone who has the same sleep patterns.”
― Bert McCoy

“The law of giving: Give first.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, CSP

“Sex has, through being photographed, become a thing to be
observed, to be performed, rather than experienced so deeply
that it is unnecessary even to open one’s eyes.”
― Antonella Gambotto-Burke

“(...) I also believe that most crabby people can change by making a conscious choice to react to the world in a different way. The key is to scan your environment regularly for things and people to appreciate rather than to criticize. In so doing, you create a new climate of praise and gratitude in your life. Instead of getting bogged down in people’s faults and mistakes, you get swept up in a fruitful search for reasons to say 'thank you.”
― John M. Gottman, The Relationship Cure: A 5 Step Guide to Strengthening Your Marriage, Family, and Friendships

“And this is the most provocative situation, is it not? It invites abuse, manipulation, tyranny, subjection. A person is supposed to accommodate herself--himself--absolutely to another person. It is unnatural. OK, but it's nature that sets it up in the first place. Of course, of course.

It is unnatural and provocative and precarious and challenging. It demands forbearance and stamina and abnormal powers of empathy and perception.

It is also... And yes, it is also all those other things. The opposite. The converse. The place you want to be.”
― Penelope Lively, The Purple Swamp Hen and Other Stories

“She was such a solitary woman. A solitary woman who longed for one person to know her. I think I do know her now, but it is too late.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“She was her own Enigma Code and me and my dad were not Bletchley Park.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?

“The heart is not a small place,
Many can reside there
As long as the rooms are all decided.”
― Rahul Nigam, Such Is Life

“There’s a difference between extending grace, and receiving abuse.”
― Zara Hairston

“The truth is, I don't know how to talk to Sam. When he first arrived here, I was too starstruck to relax around him, and as the summer went on, I censored myself more than I would like to admit, always trying to say the right thing to get him to notice me, avoiding anything that would make him shut down.”
― Jamie Raintree, Midnight at the Wandering Vineyard

“Her face was an open book and yet he was still confounded by her.”
― Hanleigh Bradley, Cursed By The Crown

“Surely our greatest and most long-lasting relationship is with ourselves.”
― Andrew Davenport

“how much I’d been thwarted into a carefully constructed nothingness by that man”
― Anna Burns, Milkman

“وقت اخطر في العلاقة هو ذك الوقت الذي يصبح فيه الصمت أكثر من الكلام والإعتذار أكثر من الشكر والهروب أكثر من المواجهة”
― مصطفى شهيب, ليالي الحنية

“If we were in a proper relationship and I did live with him and was officially committed to him, first thing I would have to do would be to leave.”
― Anna Burns, Milkman

“When someone shares their distress or their inadequacies, the natural inclination is to comfort them. To mollify. When we do this we brush over their emotions, often because they make us uncomfortable. Most times, people don’t want a blanket. They want someone who is willing to stand outside and shiver with them in the cold.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn

“also found the situation unworkable. Not just unworkable – ridiculous. Not just ridiculous – perturbing.”
― Anna Burns, Milkman

“No one replaces anyone else. No one substitutes for another person. Every person is unique. Every relationship is unique. Every relationship’s purpose is unique. Life is fluid; it moves. It doesn’t die; it reforms. Each day is new. We can only try and do our best for today. It’s enough, don’t you think? No more is asked. But also no less.”
― Donna Goddard, Circles of Separation

“Maybe, you will kiss the modern bride
Let's agree to disagree, babe
on everything, in advance
Just duct tape my heart to yours babe”
― Casey Renee Kiser, Spit Me Out

“There are people who help you and people who hurt you. You keep the former. You keep the former until they become the latter and hope that you never hurt the former.”
― Nafkote Tamirat, The Parking Lot Attendant

“Sometimes letting go is simply allowing yourself to come to terms with the truth that you have been watering dead plants.”
― Steve Maraboli

“There were three sides to a marriage: public and private and who-fucking-knows, one lived and one performed and one a thundering mystery.”
― Laura van den Berg, The Third Hotel

“Behind every death lay a set of questions. To move on was to agree to not disturb these questions, to let them settle with the body under the earth. Yet some questions so thoroughly dismantled the terms of your own life, turning away was gravitationally impossible. So she would not be moving on. She would keep disturbing and disturbing. She imagined herself standing over a grave with a shovel and hacking away at the soil.”
― Laura van den Berg, The Third Hotel

“I firmly believe that relationships don't end because new people come along to break them up; people come along to break them up because something else in the relationship is already off.”
― Sophie Lucido Johnson, Many Love: A Memoir of Polyamory and Finding Love

“You see the separation of life as very arbitrary at this time.
You are not alone in this assumption.
You have far more connection than you are even vaguely aware of.
You will not lose the love that is yours.”
― Donna Goddard, Circles of Separation

“The surface dynamics of a relationship are often times confusing. Therefore, it is useful to separate out structure and essence in a relationship to better understand the deeper truth. The essence of the relationship is the Pure Love that is present. It is internal and independent of conditions. The structure of the relationship is what the relationship looks like from the outside.”
― Suresh Ramaswamy, Just Be: Transform Your Life and Live as Infinity

“even though it was weird to talk on the telephone. Only eight times, seven, maybe six, ever had I done so.”
― Anna Burns, Milkman

“The connections we create in our lives are the ones that will carry us through, even the darkest of days.”
― Corey Wheeland, Blessed, Beautiful Now: How I Embraced The Present By Celebrating My Past And Learned to Love Life Again

“Looking back, she supposed that had been one miracle of their marriage--even if a person was on the brink of swallowing fingernails and the other was thinking deeply about a problem they could not share, there was still someone to hold you as you wept through the night.”
― Laura van den Berg, The Third Hotel

“Pauline believed that marriage was an interweaving of souls, while Michael viewed it as two people traveling side by side but separately. “What are you thinking about?” she liked to say, and “Tell me what you honestly feel.”
― Anne Tyler

“The number of people we come close to during our lives is small, and we fail to realise how infinitely important each and every one of them is to us until we grow older and can see things from afar. When I was sixteen, I thought that life was without end, the number of people in it inexhaustible. This was by no means strange, since right from starting school at the age of seven I’d been surrounded by hundreds of children and adults; people were a renewable resource, found in abundance, but what I didn’t know, or rather had absolutely no conception of, was that every step I took was defining me, every person I encountered leaving their mark on me, and that the life I was living at that particular time, boundlessly arbitrary as it seemed, was in fact my life. That one day i would look back on my life and this would be what I looked back on. What then had been insignificant, as weightless as air, a series of events dissolving in exactly the same way as the darkness dissolved in the mornings, would twenty years on seem laden with destiny and fate.”
― Karl Ove Knausgård, My Struggle I-VI

“You're still the same people, underneath.”
― Phaedra Patrick, The Library of Lost and Found

“Kadınlardan ne çok şey istiyoruz ,diye düşünüyor Cemil. Bizi affetsinler,bize memelerini gostersinler ve ölümsüzlük versinler.”
― Barış Bıçakçı, Sinek Isırıklarının Müellifi

“Then I had an exhilarating thought: I could design the kind of relationship I wanted! I could think up what I wanted, and if my commitment was strong enough, it would come into being. I quickly sketched out my desires on a piece of paper. I wanted someone who was honest and loving, someone for whom taking responsibility was no struggle. I wanted a woman who would be willing and able to join me in a relationship where both of us expressed our full creativity. I didn’t have any requirements as to size, shape, or age: All I was really interested in was the quality of our ongoing interactions. If there was honesty, if there was responsibility, if there was a mutual commitment to creativity and spiritual growth, I would be happy. I really wanted a spiritual partner for the journey, someone for whom relationship itself could be integral to our unfolding evolution.

It took me less than ten minutes to clarify what I wanted. Then I added a radical clause: If it was not in the cosmic plan for me to have this high-quality relationship, I would gladly be alone. I vowed never to settle for anything less than what I really wanted, (...). I figured I would be better off by myself than I would be replaying these old dramas for the next fifty years. I vowed this deep in my soul. It was a done deal.”
― Gay Hendricks, The Conscious Heart: Seven Soul-Choices That Create Your Relationship Destiny

“Whenever you feel a spark of love or goodwill towards another person – male, female, young or old – feed it so that it will grow. It is not about finding the right person or people. People are not that right. Even if they start out right, we soon have a litany of complaints. The only answer is to be the right person ourselves. Then everything will have a tendency to work together in a good way. And when it does work, don’t then be waving contracts, written or invisible, in front of people. Love that controls is not love but a contract. It says, "You must love me in this way," not "I love you." You have your freedom and life has its own justice so you don’t need to jump into the driving seat before the other person has an opportunity to. Just love. Love freely and genuinely. Love openly and with courage. And forgive, forgive, forgive. People are a mass of problems. Stop remembering them all or there will be no room to create the beautiful moments you wish to cherish in your soul.”
― Donna Goddard, Circles of Separation

“Why is it that I feel so alive when I keep talking or chatting with you?”
― Avijeet Das

“Even relationship is hard work. You reap what you sow. And if one side stops then slowly and eventually it will all fade away. You need to be aware to make the other feel good such that in similar manner the other will make you feel good! This will keep the flame of relationship alive forever!”
― Suyasha Subedi

“It’s an amusing world, it’s easier to maintain distance than to maintain relationships.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Your intentions matter, and they are felt by your clients, your prospects, and all of the people whom you interact. When you come from a place of caring, you generate trust and build powerful relationships. But if your actions are self-serving, they destroy trust and ruin relationships.”
― Anthony Iannarino, The Only Sales Guide You'll Ever Need

“Givers are never greedy. Greedy ones never give.”
― Martin Uzochukwu Ugwu

“The person who doesn't have patience for your imperfections, is usually sitting on a mountain of their own.”
― Steve Maraboli

“If a friend of yours has actually been secretly or unconsciously wanted to walk away from the friendship for a while then it's best they do so. You only want to keep relationships in your life that are thriving, that they are genuine. You don't want to maintain your grasp on a friendship where one person is fundamentally unhappy with it for one reason or another, or one person doesn't want to give the amount of energy and commitment that you do. Sometimes even if it hurts and it's shocking and we thought it would never happen, when a friendship ends it is actually, absolutely the right thing for us, because if they have had any doubt in their mind that the friendship wasn't right for them or beneficial for them, it's always best for us if they walk away. We don't want to continue to maintain friendships that allow them to linger, if there is something rotting that we never knew of. If we keep those kind of friendships in our life that are not built on a foundation of trust and mutual benefit, something is going to blow up in our faces.”
― Kelly-Ann Maddox

“It's marvelous to know another person's entire literary canon by heart. It's like knowing their secret personal language.”
― Lauren Groff, Florida

“Hope can have sharp edges as it leaves you.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Where You'll Land

“Help someone smile and laugh today.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“One thing I was absolutely sure of was his love. Love made any problem solvable.”
― Diane Chamberlain, Necessary Lies

“The only things you take to heaven with you are the relationships you build here on earth.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Sometimes the beginnings of relationships are the hardest. People always say the beginning is the easiest, but two people trying to let their guards down and be open to intimacy can be hard too.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Where You'll Land

“In big cities, in the summertime, people of long since lost track of each other or who don’t even know each other meet one evening on the terrace, and lose each other again. And none of it really matters.”
― Patrick Modiano

“The best friendships do not require that anyone keep the upper hand.”
― Alan Loy McGinnis, The Friendship Factor: How to Get Closer to the People You Care for

“Working briefly on your marriage every day will do more for your health and longevity than working out at a health club”
― John Gottman and Nan Silver, The Seven Principles for making marriage work : A practical guide from the country's foremost relationship expert

“Invest your time and money in connecting yourself and others.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Seek to build relationships that are in alignment with your dreams. Relationships that'll challenge and inspire you to grow”
― Nicky Verd

“Who you meet is more important than where you go. Adventures are best remembered by the depth of connections with friends, not countries visited.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“I firmly believe strangers are just friends I haven’t met yet.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Let’s do life together – it’s far better.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“There are so many people more concerned with how a relationship makes them look, rather than their own personal well-being. They hide the truth, many times behind a pretty white picket fence. Appearances are their very first priority, so they hang on to the relationship despite the abuse.”
― Ron Baratono

“He couldn't give me what I wanted, because he didn't have it to give. I saw an ideal of him and kept trying to get him to fit that mold because I didn't want to let go of the illusion of who he was.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Where You'll Land

“If you want to shine like a precious gold,
focus always on yourself, both inside and out.”
― Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Intelligently:Discover the Five Love Myths Hurting Women in America

“You can always end an argument. It starts with shutting your mouth.”
― Janna Cachola

“Just because you're in pain, it doesn't mean you have to drag everyone down to your level of hurt. No one can help if everyone around youis in pain.”
― Janna Cachola

“The house was quieter than usual, the sounds muffled and soft. It made her throat ache: The darkness, the kitchen, the single light. It felt like she was watching a movie of her life from an earlier era. Before Mom left, before all the trouble. Guilt twinged in Madi’s stomach. Before I took off and left Dad to deal with Sarah alone.”
― Danika Stone

“We got the message that day. We could be friends at home. But out in the world, we didn’t know each other.”
― Diane Chamberlain, Necessary Lies

“Every time you decide not to compromise your honesty in any form of a relationship, you become a co-partner with the Universe in creating truthful meaning for any existence.”
― Sameh Elsayed

“If I am hiring someone at a senior level, it's critically important they are decent people. So I always take them out for lunch -- not a long one but enough so they relax, we talk, we get to know one another. But what I always do is notice how they treat the waiting staff; you can tell a lot about a person about how they do that.”
― Sophie Devonshire, Superfast: Lead At Speed

“Designer relationships are based on egalitarianism and mutuality, not on proprietary thinking. From this perspective, if people decide they will have multiple partners, the approach is the antithesis of cheating. In the conventionally monogamous model, each party owns the other (a modern variation on the more antiquated view of woman as property). In designer relationships, each party voluntarily owes the other transparency, some measure of emotional loyalty, and a determination to abide by agreements.”
― Mark A. Michaels, Designer Relationships: A Guide to Happy Monogamy, Positive Polyamory, and Optimistic Open Relationships

“There would be a lot fewer broken hearts when a relationship fails if people would understand that there’s no reason to want someone who doesn’t want you. Never allow yourself to feel half empty when you deserve a relationship that will fill your heart with happiness.”
― Ron Baratono, Our Reflections

“Recognizing that open relationships work for some doesn't threaten anyone else's relationship; it won't discourage anyone from choosing to be exclusive or from forming pair-bonds. We expect the majority will do just that and that dyadic and exclusive relationships will remain the predominant model. While we'd like to see people in those dyadic and exclusive relationships thinking their decisions through more carefully than they often do, we're not encouraging them to do anything that feels wrong. The simple answer to those who object to nonmonogamy is "Then be monogamous.”
― Mark A. Michaels, Designer Relationships: A Guide to Happy Monogamy, Positive Polyamory, and Optimistic Open Relationships

“The real rich all live with the motto that ‘there is no free lunch’ and they know how to cultivate and invest in good relationships with gui-in.”
― Suh Yoon Lee, The Having: The Secret Art of Feeling and Growing Rich

“People need to treat valuable relationships as precious, but if that attitude spills over to bad relationships, misfortune will follow. In a lot of cases, people’s good or bad fortune is decided by their relationships with others. Just as good fortune comes through gui-in, misfortune comes through bad relationships.”
― Suh Yoon Lee, The Having: The Secret Art of Feeling and Growing Rich

“The reason people fall into bad relationships is that their expectations are too high. Just wanting to get things from other people blinds you. If, on the other hand, you have the attitude that ‘I’ll be the first to give’ or ‘I’ll give more than I get’, you can avoid bad relationships and enter good ones.”
― Suh Yoon Lee, The Having: The Secret Art of Feeling and Growing Rich

“The belief that someone loves us, or should or can love us, as much as we love ourselves is one of the most common signs of intellectual immaturity.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Don’t underestimate your ability to bring
value to someone else.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, The 11 Laws of Likability: Relationship Networking . . . Because People Do Business with People They Like

“No longer married, suddenly I was widowed. From Latin, the name means "emptied." Far worse; it felt like being torn in half, ripped apart from the single functioning organism that had been our family, our lives. Shattered, the word kept recurring; the whole pattern shattered, just as the mountain rocks had shattered his body.”
― Elaine Pagels, Why Religion?: A Personal Story

“I am,’ he whispers, 'the monster I warned you against.’
'You are,’ I say hoarsely, 'the monster I claim.”
― S. Jae-Jones, Wintersong

“Sin is not about the personal imperfection of the self. Rather, sin is any act that breaks any of the relationships God declared very good in the beginning.”
― Lisa Sharon Harper

“When it’s the wrong person, anything you ask is too much.”
― Steve Maraboli

“So we had the whole fight right then—because we had to, time running out and all. Because what if we didn’t have the whole glorious fight, and he went off to Santa Fe, and I regretted not being given this one dramatic scene that I was owed? I yelled and slammed drawers and flung myself around the room, but the whole time I knew in some kind of creepy way that I was acting out of some historical outrage rather than anything generated right there in the present catastrophe. If I had done what I really felt like doing, I would have been sitting in the corner sucking my thumb. Instead, I had to fight, I had to be madder than I felt. He sat on the side of the bed and tried to look guiltier than he felt.”
― Sandi Kahn Shelton, What Comes After Crazy

“There was a universe inside every human being every bit as big as the universe outside them. Books were the best way Nina knew - apart from, sometimes, music - to breach the barrier, to connect the internal universe with the external, the words acting merely as a conduit between the two worlds.”
― Jenny Colgan, The Bookshop on the Corner

“God is not separate from us. The essence of God is in our hearts. Though we have veils between God and us on the physical level; on the level of the human body that does not mean God is separate from us.”
― Maleeha Yousuf Bertin, The Girl Who Loved Herself

“Everyone knows that sadness and grief are the price of admission for the experiences of joy and connection.”
― Jessica Dore

“Painful indeed is the panegyric of those we contemn.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Shirley

“Whoever taught you that love hurts, lied. It’s lack of true sensuality that hurts.”
― Lebo Grand

“You may search my countenance, but you cannot read it.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Shirley

“I used to think that when a child was born, a parent made a promise to stay with him. Or her. But if there's a promise, it can be broken. That first Matthew Trewhella broke his promises. I wonder if he ever forgot them, or did the torn edges of his promises hurt him to the end of his life?

When someone goes away from you suddenly, without warning, that's what it's like. A rip, a torn edge inside you. I have a torn edge in me, and Dad has a torn edge in him. I'm not sure if those edges will still fit together by the time I find him.”
― Helen Dunmore, Ingo

“I’m glad you told me. Thank you for trusting me with the truth.”

I looked up and smiled. “I trust you with my heart. Giving you the truth was easy.”
― Linda Kage, Monster Among the Roses

“I see the universe in your eyes”
― Jill Telford

“I’m living life in color. I’m not compromising that.”
― Jill Telford

“Some people get lucky and partner up with someone the same age, they know the same songs, have the same references and all that, good for them! But for the rest of us it’s catch-as-catch-can.”
― Kim Stanley Robinson, New York 2140

“The art of working with people is found in meeting them where they’re at, which means I must be willing to go where I am not.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“It is in imposing my expectations on others that I birth my greatest frustrations.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I used to think love was elusive. Until I realized I was just getting in my own way. I had to learn to let go and make room for someone to show me love... instead of holding on to someone I wish would.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Your life and relationships are only as great as your sensuality.”
― Lebo Grand

“Tell the ones you love that you do love them before it is too late”
― Sami Abouzid

“But now he knew: you always sacrificed something. The question was what you sacrificed.”
― Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life

“In the contorted bookkeeping of the broken, the distance you hold yourself away from them is your only value.”
― stephanie roberts

“Givers are never greedy, The Greedy never give.”
― Martin Uzochukwu Ugwu

“The search for security might translate into ways that you choose to guard your heart and emotions in romantic relationships.”
― Amy Leigh Mercree, A Little Bit of Mindfulness: An Introduction to Being Present

“Kunyaza empowers women who frequently ejaculate, awakens hidden sensations of women who rarely ejaculate, and introduces a new possibility of sexual pleasure to women who did not know that they could ejaculate.”
― Habeeb Akande, Kunyaza: The Secret to Female Pleasure

“If you didn't yearn for something, you wouldn't be disappointed- and anyway, relationships were a waste of time.”
― Sharon Kendrick, The Greek's Bought Bride

“Good relationships don't just happen. They take time, patience and two people getting through all the hard times together.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Hearts are broken if we are not prepared to heal ourselves”
― Jerome Montgomery II

“You are the flame, not the moth. And your job is to burn with conviction.”
― Heidi Priebe, This Is Me Letting You Go

“Don't let your life goals fall victim to the allure of comfortable routines.”
― Zero Dean, Lessons Learned from The Path Less Traveled Volume 1: Get motivated & overcome obstacles with courage, confidence & self-discipline

“Love is vulnerable. Love is family. Love is Life. We hurt one another. We just do. But we also need one another. We all know hurt people hurt people. Wounded people lash out in anger and in fear. I like to call them porcupines. These are people who desperately want a hug, but if you dare hug them, you will probably be stabbed.”
― jamie west zumwalt, Beloved Chaos: moving from religion to Love in a red light district

“We have no obligation to endure or enable certain types of certain toxic relationships. The Christian ethic muddies these waters because we attach the concept of long-suffering to these damaging connections. We prioritize proximity over health, neglecting good boundaries and adopting a Savior role for which we are ill-equipped.

Who else we'll deal with her?, we say. Meanwhile, neither of you moves towards spiritual growth. She continues toxic patterns and you spiral in frustration, resentment and fatigue.

Come near, dear one, and listen. You are not responsible for the spiritual health of everyone around you. Nor must you weather the recalcitrant behavior of others. It is neither kind nor gracious to enable. We do no favors for an unhealthy friend by silently enduring forever. Watching someone create chaos without accountability is not noble. You won't answer for the destructive habits of an unsafe person. You have a limited amount of time and energy and must steward it well. There is a time to stay the course and a time to walk away.

There's a tipping point when the effort becomes useless, exhausting beyond measure. You can't pour antidote into poison forever and expect it to transform into something safe, something healthy. In some cases, poison is poison and the only sane response is to quit drinking it.

This requires honest self evaluation, wise counselors, the close leadership of the Holy Spirit, and a sober assessment of reality. Ask, is the juice worth the squeeze here. And, sometimes, it is. You might discover signs of possibility through the efforts, or there may be necessary work left and it's too soon to assess. But when an endless amount of blood, sweat and tears leaves a relationship unhealthy, when there is virtually no redemption, when red flags are frantically waved for too long, sometimes the healthiest response is to walk away.

When we are locked in a toxic relationship, spiritual pollution can murder everything tender and Christ-like in us. And a watching world doesn't always witness those private kill shots. Unhealthy relationships can destroy our hope, optimism, gentleness. We can lose our heart and lose our way while pouring endless energy into an abyss that has no bottom. There is a time to put redemption in the hands of God and walk away before destroying your spirit with futile diligence.”
― Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards

“Tain Shir walks the deck of RNS Sulane between the bombs and incendiaries and steel-tipped barbs. A weapon among weapons but she alone is free. The tragedy of the knife is the hilt. The tragedy of the crossbow is the trigger. Shir has neither. She cannot be gripped nor fired.
She is unmastered.
The sailors are rude with her. So be it. Etiquitte is the domain of those whose power is conditional upon the respect of others, and Shir is unconditional. If she drifted alone in the void beyond the moon or if she walked among the monarchs of the ancient Cheetah Palaces she would not be altered in her capabilities or her intentions, for not one truth of her resides within a relationship to any other thing.”
― Seth Dickinson, The Monster Baru Cormorant

“I felt his pain as my own and I wanted to touch him, feel him, reach inside his fractured heart and pull out all of the love he buried inside. I wanted to kiss every inch of his skin. I wanted to feel his brokenness against mine, like if we held each other hard enough something within each of us would finally heal.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Where You'll Land

“We read not only because we cannot know enough people, but because friendship is so vulnerable, so likely to diminish or disappear, overcome by space, time, imperfect sympathies and all the sorrows of familial and passional life.”
― Harold Bloom, How to Read and Why

“Our hearts are channels from which we experience and are connected to the divine flow of creation, it’s the channel in which we transcend our emotions and come to know love. In this space, we exist without constructs.”
― Victoria L. White, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“Who cares if the people in your life don't like the boundaries you set for yourself? Their happiness is not your responsibility”
― Leigh Shulman

“It is possible for you to be the wrong one in an argument about you.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“All I wanted was to merge with the same person who had broken me, thinking that he was the only one who could fill in all the little crevices making me feel whole again.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Where You'll Land

“You didn't lose me, Laurel. I'm still yours. I'll always be yours.'
'Well that's not strictly true, is it?'
He sighs again.
'Where it counts. As the father of your children, as a friend, as someone who has shared a journey with you, and as someone who loves you and cares about you. I don't need to be married to you to be all those things. Those things are deeper than marriage. Those things are forever.”
― Lisa Jewell, Then She Was Gone

“Hearts Don't Reject Love

Fear of rejection slaughters the voice from our heart
But time is short
And life is to be lived
So don't fear to speak your hearts truth
What you feel matters more than the thoughts or opinions of other's
And rejection is an impeding, sinister state of mind...
Remember, hearts don't reject love, only minds do that
The existential truth is that we are all exposed
We are all vulnerable
Whether we are fierce enough to admit it…or not”
― Christine Evangelou, Beating Hearts and Butterflies: Poetry of Wounds, Wishes and Wisdom

“Resentment has a way of metastasizing into bitterness, and bitterness has a way of curdling into the kind of anger that can doom a relationship.”
― Dan Savage

“It [realization of Oneness] means being constantly open to the possibility that we are like two flowers looking at each other from two different branches of the same tree, so that if we were to go deep enough inside to the trunk, we would realize that we are one. Just being open to this possibility will have a profound effect on your relationships and on your experience of the world.”
― Francis Lucille, The Perfume of Silence

“It’s quite rare to find someone who sees the same world you see.”
― John Green, Turtles All the Way Down

“I think sometimes we fall in love just because it feels so good to love someone, to desire them, to yearn for another human being, to cross the boundary of aloneness that is part of human existence.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Where You'll Land

“It was better to be alone than to be stuck with people who were supposed to love you, yet couldn’t.”
― Otessa Moshfegh

“A photon or an electron is not a thing, it is a description of a relationship.”
― R.A. Delmonico

“kick me.
what else is left?
I NEED RAW EMOTION
and you got two good stories
that are getting stale.”
― Casey Renee Kiser, Snail Vixen and The Crystal Garden

“As well as we know our grown children and relatives, we don't know how much energy they have to put into simply keeping their lives together at all.”
― Anne Lamott, Hallelujah Anyway: Rediscovering Mercy

“We can reach a place in life where a relationship would be nice, but our life style is already nice. If we mixed the two would they blend perfectly? We’re skeptical, that we’re reaching out to past failures? Having the strength and confidence to leave any relationship allows us to take a chance.”
― Ron Baratono

“IGNORING HER is only teaching her to live without you. Guys be thinking she is suffering, the whole time she's adjusting.⌛”
― Daniel Friday Danzor

“Learning to eat, greet, learn and lead are indispensable for growth and impact.”
― KELECHI ERONDU

“The signs you ignore in the beginning end up being the reasons you leave later.
—Trust yourself—”
― Jill Telford

“As I observed him sitting there, a heavy look in his eyes, I longed to reach behind that barrier and pull out the warm, sensitive, passionate man I knew was trapped inside.

There was nothing worse than feeling someone’s potential.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Where You'll Land

“They were all just sitting here. Waiting. What were they meant to be doing? The desire to interact was an irresistible itch.”
― Liane Moriarty, Nine Perfect Strangers

“We bother people with our problem whenever we tell them that we miss them.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The other thing about falling in love: the harder you fell, the easier it was to get hurt. Maybe that’s why it was called falling in love; at some point there was a crash at the bottom that could shatter someone into a million pieces.”
― Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Where You'll Land

“Maybe I'm too crazy to be in a relationship," Henry said, which was his familiar response to Bobby's familiar discourse about the future. It felt like a grown-up thing to say, and like a difficult concession, and what he meant by it was I am trying as hard as I can and it's not enough for you or even Why can't my weak eccentricities be adorable to you, as yours are to me? But Bobby always heard it as a conversation stopper, childish and easy and glib.”
― Chris Adrian, The Great Night

“I’ve spent so long being afraid of love, because the last time I was in love, the man I loved only loved one part of me, but not all of me, and I thought love meant having to sacrifice a part of yourself. But then I was with you, and you loved every part of me, even the parts I don’t like. And that scared me more, because I thought there must be some trick and that I couldn’t let myself believe it or I’d fall into the trap. But finally I realized it wasn’t a trap.”
― Jasmine Guillory , The Proposal

“Love Request:

Isn't this all we request from love?
A brave, vulnerable and sincere exposure,
To be candidly seen in all our faults
Blemishes, quirks and flaws
Yet still be so implicitly loved
Cherished, accepted
And most of all,
Wanted”
― Christine Evangelou, Beating Hearts and Butterflies: Poetry of Wounds, Wishes and Wisdom

“There were many things she could have said, but we forget to forge armor against the knife-thrusts of our loved ones.”
― Angela Panayotopulos

“When we live in alignment with who we are and how we want to live, we will attract and find like-minded individuals.”
― Akiroq Brost

“Dad?" she said.

"Do you want some coffee?" he asked. "Are you okay?"

She shook her head. No.

"There are only so many hours you can sleep in a stranded vehicle." He glanced at the dashboard of her car, then at the untouched receipt--her receipt--sticking out of the machine a few feet away like a white tongue. "There's only so many times you can try to resurrect the dead. You can sit there all you want but you're not going anywhere. And, stuck as you are, you'll be forced to think about it, forced to wake up at some point, forced to depart or die here.”
― Angela Panayotopulos, The Wake Up

“Respect is love in action.”
― Bangambiki Habyarimana

“He wasn't the sort of person you interacted with and fluttered away from; he was the type of man you fell for. People got hurt when they got attached to other people, because people always left or were taken away. Falling in love, therefore, was just a set-up for inevitable failure.

She knew all this. But logic is fallacy when it spars with instinct. So she fell anyway.”
― Angela Panayotopulos, The Wake Up

“If you want to make others feel good, start by feeling good yourself.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, The 11 Laws of Likability: Relationship Networking . . . Because People Do Business with People They Like

“When you enter your next relationship, you become the person you split up with.”
― Gina Barreca, "If You Lean In, Will Men Just Look Down Your Blouse?": Questions and Thoughts for Loud, Smart Women in Turbulent Times

“People are more apt to remember how you made them feel than what you said.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, The 11 Laws of Likability: Relationship Networking . . . Because People Do Business with People They Like

“You have to believe me without proof. That's what faith is — believing without proof.'
They got up from the bank of stones. It was getting late, the shadows lay cool and lengthened on the grass and the tops of the trees had the stillness around them that means the end of the day and its liquidation in the setting sun. They retraced their steps back to the house where his car was parked, and when they passed through the blighted orchard, he picked up an apple for her and she ate it. She didn't even have to look; she knew it would be whole, without worms or decay.”
― Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, At the End of the Century: The Stories of Ruth Prawer Jhabvala

“Realizing you wasted time with a boy who had no intention of growing with you feels much like selling yourself for a dime bag of weed”
― LaVera Gene't, Before I Lose Myself

“Sometimes, it is necessary to distance ourselves emotionally in some relationships.”
― Akiroq Brost

“The people you meet in your life, you meet them for a specific purpose: To help them and to be helped by them. So, try to spot the treasure in your everyday life, because one day you may realize you had the treasure and you lost it.”
― Maria Karvouni

“A life-changing moment for me was the realization that sometimes the healthiest relationship you can have with someone (or something) is none at all.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Life is severe and coping is harder for some than others. We can make the journey trickier or easier, smoothing the path with grace or complicating it with more obstacles. This person is here to stay for the foreseeable future or forever, so he is a necessary member of your tribe. You can exercise compassion without enabling misconduct.”
― Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards

“If it didn't make you cry, it wasn't real.”
― Jenna Alatari

“எரியும் மூங்கில் காட்டில் சிறகு கருகும் ஒரு பட்டாம்பூச்சியை எந்தப் பறவை விசாரிக்கும்?”
― Vairamuthu, Moondram Ulaga Por

“In my own relationships, I know that I should break up with someone who doesn't encourage me to be strong and make my own choices and do what's best in my life, so if you're dating someone who doesn't want you to be the best person you can be, you shouldn't be dating them.”
― Veronica Roth

“She is now dancing with someone else to the song that reminded me of us.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Maybe [Snow White] never wakes up. More likely than anything else, really. You can’t kiss a girl into anything.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, Six-Gun Snow White

“US, OVER TIME, PASSING BY

As time elapses we will grow older and we will grow wiser. We will fall in and out of love. We will destroy each other only to build each other back up again. We won’t even notice we’re changing until it’s already happened, because change is just the act of becoming. We see it happen so naturally every day. The sun sets, the night rolls in, the stars start to shine and the moon glows. When morning comes the dawn will creep in and embrace the night, allowing the day to break and the sun to rise again. We will continue to change, tethered to time and influenced by everything around us. The relationships we search for and the ones that search us out. The relationships we thought could never be and the ones that we could never live without. They’re all on their way to becoming something else, never static, always moving. Because time is the biggest player in the game, and it is why everything is changing. If you try to picture every moment in a relationship all at once, then that right there would be us, over time, passing by. Changing, folding, becoming something else.”
― James R. Eads

“Too many times we're stuck trying to revive the dead when we can't even rouse the living." The woman added a paperboard coffee sleeve around Lexi's cup. "I think if we spent as much time worrying about the life prior to the afterlife, we would likely have no time to contemplate the latter. Heaven and Hell are right here, inside of us. We take them with us wherever we go."

"That's pretty good." Lexi took a sip of the coffee, desperate for caffeine. "What are your views on relationships?"

Sahar smiled. "Don't settle until you find the one who makes you want to say ya'aburnee."

"What?"

"It's Arabic for 'you bury me.' The hope that the person you love will outlive you so that you will be spared the pain of living without them.”
― Angela Panayotopulos, The Wake Up

“Love is kind, not rude. Love brings heartbreak. Love brings life. Love brings healthy relationships. Love never forces .”
― Anonymous

“I lack experience. In so many ways.”
― Dojyomaru, How a Realist Hero Rebuilt the Kingdom: Volume 1

“I think we could be good friends if you just saw me for the person I am, not the person you think I am.”
― Lisa Thompson, The Goldfish Boy

“He who believes in soul mates never ceases to doubt if his current partner is, truly, “The One.” As a result, the great irony emerges: those who believe in soul mates are much less likely to actually find one.”
― Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset

“I have a loan of three yen from Kiyo, which I have not yet returned, although five years have passed. Do not think I cannot pay it back, but I will not, for the noble Kiyo will never dream of being paid back; she never lends me money in prospect of my greater income. On my part too, it would be a sin to think of returning it, as it would indicate that the tie binding us is based on duty and not upon affection. The more I think of such a thing, the greater pain would it give Kiyo, for it might mean that I doubted the purity of her mind. It is true the debt has not been paid back, but it is not because I considered it nothing, but because I think her a part of my own flesh and blood.”
― Natsume Soseki, Botchan

“Major turnoff… When someone’s sense of entitlement is greatly disproportionate to their sense of gratitude.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Most of the conversation was said with our eyes. Our eyes told truths neither of us could understand. Her a Goddess and me her pew. It was spent with me looking at her and her looking elsewhere. Perpendicular.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“You look like someone
who has gone to war
and came back
with a thousand deaths burned in his eyes.
You look like someone
who has been told a dozen promises –
promises that broke his heart
when he realized
he didn't matter enough
for them to be kept.
You look like someone
whose edges started to chip away.
You look like someone I could love,
someone whose darkness I could light up.
But goddamn it, darling,
I promised myself
I would never fall in love with a broken man.
I have loved so many broken people
and I have fixed them all up.
I kept giving all I had,
until I had nothing left to give.
You look like someone I could love,
someone I want to fall in love with.
But you‘re in pieces,
I know you‘ll just wound me.”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“We ended the way all good things in my life had a way of being put to rest – abrupt and without my permission.”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“I'm so sorry no one cared enough to tell you that you can never win against a ghost.”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“I want to ruin you in the ugliest way imaginable so that someday, when you have to tell your children about me, it will take every breath you have to hide the catch in your throat”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“I don‘t know if you noticed but I have been trying, too hard, to be myself since the day I lost you.”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“Don't fall in love with me. I am dissonance. I am always at war with myself – confusing my head with my heart, always retreating into my mind, because I don‘t want to lose.”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“―The thing about memory is that you can feel it eroding slowly, being stolen away from you by time. It starts with the way you stop hearing his voice in your head. Then it's the color of the shirt he wore last Christmas. Before you know it, your memories have become fragmented, as if the small details were grains of sand blown away by the wind. I should be grateful that I'm starting to remember you less. Instead, I felt lonely. Pieces of you that I once held dear are being ripped apart into tiny shreds of information my brain thinks I can afford to forget. I can feel my heart fighting. It loves the feel of you though for the most part, you hurt. I looked for you in places where I knew I would never find you, in faces I knew I would never recognize. I looked for you hoping that through the sheer force of my will I would find your eyes staring back. But that's the thing about memory - you can feel it eroding slowly, being stolen away from you by time. I want to remember you. But I'm no longer entirely sure I really remember you. It kills me. Have you started remembering me less too?”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“We were lovers and enemies and the best of friends. At times, it was one more than the other. At times, we were all of them all at once. But there have been times, I admit, when we were two complete strangers struggling to live with each other. At times, we felt like We were just each other‘s habit.”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“He was broken in the best way – in a way that made me stop and stare and want to love him.”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“People prefer talking about each other rather than talking to each other.”
― Raisha Lalwani, The Diary on the Fifth Floor

“The women I write about have to fight for what they want, sometimes against forceful odds It's a kinetic experience, an intense ride.”
― Taylor Marsh, Olivia's Turn

“Il ciclo è molto più difficile da rompere di quanto la gente capisca.

Sento ancora che le donne adulte / i membri della famiglia consigliano alla nuova generazione come devono cucinare meglio, mantenere la loro casa pulita, ascoltare il loro uomo di più, avere meno opinioni, e per l'amore di tutte le cose, vestirsi come una donna, aggiungere più trucco e tenere sotto controllo il loro peso in modo che lui non vada via.

Eppure, per ironia della sorte, le stesse donne che erano oppresse o ristrette dalla loro cultura, e combattono disperatamente per il diritto all'uguaglianza sono quelle che impongono l'oppressione e la restrizione alle giovani generazioni.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“Our outlines feel the same. I think I can hide inside you.”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“I color my nails black
and dye my hair red
to wear, in metaphors,
what my heart wants.
The things I don‘t wish to remember,
leaking from the tips of my fingers.
The things I wish I won‘t forget,
clinging to the roots of my hair.”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“Women who play hard to get make life seem shorter.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“It is never just a kiss.
It is the marriage
of two minds
that have decided
they can stand
each other‘s arrogance.”
― Nessie Q., I'm Sorry. I Know It's Too Late... But This is How I Loved You

“Relationships take time, but we don’t want to take the time. In reality, too busy is a myth. People make time for the things that are really important to them.”
― Jonathan Hayashi, Ordinary Radicals: A Return to Christ-Centered Discipleship

“I’ll listen to your words as long as your actions don’t speak louder.”
― Valeria Teles

“Heaven has never been a place, heaven is just a feeling...”
― Samiha Totanji

“And us—we already changed—the two of us and both together—and now we gotta change some more.”

“Must we?” he asked, and she felt him put his cheek against her hair.

“I can’t see any way out of it, if we’re gonna do what we said we’d do. Right up front, we’re gonna hafta stop thinking that surviving ’til lunchtime is a long-term plan.”

He laughed, softly. “Until dinner, then?”

“It’s a start,” she said.”
― Sharon Lee, Ghost Ship

“Of course I will like forever any woman who has gone to bed with me, as long as we don’t become a couple and hate each other forever.”
― Kim Stanley Robinson, New York 2140

“People will tell you not to give up, but they're always tired of you.”
― INB

“Love yourself enough to leave behind anything or anyone that no longer serves your best interest.”
― Charles E Hudson

“- Love, which is a kind of permission to come closer than ordinary norms of good behavior might usually sanction.
- Back rubs.
- Which enables us to see each other without clothes on, for example, in lust and shame.
- Examining perfections, imperfections.
- Which allows us to say wounding things to each other which would not be kosher under the ordinary rules of civilized discourse.”
― Donald Barthelme, Great Days

“It was if I made love to a nymph of the mountains or air or wind and she had come to me to make me fall in love and leave, with some grand plan behind those actions. The last time I saw her she was just looking anywhere but me, a magical siren who I was helpless to look at staring at her distant gaze. A side profile of one of the most beautiful things I would ever see, with her hair blowing through the fall Melbourne wind.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“The biggest lie I ever told anyone was that I would not leave.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“I looked outside your second floor living room window. I saw a view I had never thought I would see. There were trees of reddish brown hugging a river, dying but beautiful. Telling me I was so much more than a moment, and yet only a moment could define me at the present time. The future is unseen. Expecting to be better, is not always the truth. It takes something to smash your brains in, to squeeze your heart, to torture your soul in order to make you see what is in front of you”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Close your eyes, what do you think about? Not all dreams happen with your eyes closed, but the ones that do are the ones that have the most imagery, the most hope. Hope can be a dreadful thing but it can be a beautiful thing. There have been many great philosophers who have said that hope and dreams have this false sense of themselves, that they are only fragments of the real or true. They may be right about being fragments, but that does not make them any less true. Dreams send us guiding towards ideas, that are true themselves, if only ideals, of goals that we should strive towards. It is cliche and commonplace to call dreams fantasies of the mind, wishful thinking of fading things. Yet there are things that philosophers cannot explain, that reason leaves, all philosophers believe themselves poets but leave the soul out of their writing. The mind and its reason, that is truth. That is the belief. Yet anyone who has looked at a view that has left them without breath has known of something more.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“They said let go, so I tried, knowing that I have never been able to let go of anything that was already attached to my brain. Like all the other moments where I was happy, I realised, all I wanted was more time. I wanted to be stuck, to stagnate, let me be the rock that drowns, let this be my future. I have seen uninhabited islands of anonymous colours as high as the clouds they lay on just to think of you, repeating itself like a parakeet or a perfectly broken loop traveling the world to find its and our spiritual oblivion. People only stay in your life depending on how much you persist with them.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“Two insane idiots with the same idea, that is what love is.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“So many people bump into our lives for a second and it changes us forever, but they never know it. And while that's funny and strange and a little sad, it's also just life. And the truth of the matter is, it was never really about them anyway. It was always about us and what we were meant to learn from them. It was always about us and who we were meant to BECOME as a result of having encountered them.”
― Mandy Hale, You Are Enough: Heartbreak, Healing, and Becoming Whole

“I think men that read books are the most attractive kind.”
― Rowan Coleman, The Summer of Impossible Things

“Effective listening is the single most powerful thing you can do to build and maintain a climate of trust and collaboration. Strong listening skills are the foundation for all solid relationships.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, The 11 Laws of Likability: Relationship Networking . . . Because People Do Business with People They Like

“People like people who are like them.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, The 11 Laws of Likability: Relationship Networking . . . Because People Do Business with People They Like

“This is the foundation of the law of listening: You have to listen to understand.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, The 11 Laws of Likability: Relationship Networking . . . Because People Do Business with People They Like

“Keep your memories, and I will keep mine. And maybe one day they will fit together like our hands once did.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Genuine curiosity can lead to more authentic, engaging conversations, which lay the foundation for sustained relationships.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, The 11 Laws of Likability: Relationship Networking . . . Because People Do Business with People They Like

“No matter what they say, how they treat you is how they feel about you.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Some silences are more meaningful than thousands of long sentences.”
― Benyamin, Jasmine Days

“Happiness can be found inside our own hearts and not in some shallow relationships. People with integrity know how precious time is and they refuse to waste it on people who don't bother to respect it!”
― Avijeet Das

“Listening is a powerful building block: Continue improving your listening skills and your likability will naturally increase.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, The 11 Laws of Likability: Relationship Networking . . . Because People Do Business with People They Like

“You haven’t yet learned that your worth isn’t found in him. Or in the man before him. Or in any man at all.”
― Mandy Hale, You Are Enough: Heartbreak, Healing, and Becoming Whole

“Once in a blue moon life will blow you a rarity and it will leave you with astonishment.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Avoiding others because they don’t suit my way of life is tragic.”
― Annabelle Sabella-Reza

“When someone else's happiness becomes the prerequisite of your happiness, you know that you are in love.”
― Shon Mehta

“He had started out as a snag, a snag in the composition; from one moment to the next, there was no other way of putting it, he had begun to appear in my life back in the city. And since all appearances are ultimately disturbances, this disturbance needed investigating.”
― Chloe Aridjis, Sea Monsters

“Take a break from relationships and dedicate yourself to self-care and personal healing. You need to stop bleeding on people who didn’t cut you.”
― Steve Maraboli

“There are two kinds of relationships.
One that gives you everything and another that takes everything away you have. The latter will do nothing for you except fooling you around, feeding you with petty lies and never give you a sense of security.. Now it depends, for how long you’re gonna be fooled and for what?
There’s no love, This is not love.”
― Himmilicious

“THE SPACE BETWEEN US
Mind the space, so long endured,
it’s best for our protection.
I hope it’s true, for if it’s not
a thousand loves have I betrayed.

Look closer, dear,
a voice it sings as if it was a lullaby.
But if I heed it may become
the lure of my demise.

In fear, we come together
seeking a place of refuge.
In fear, we keep the space
lest our refuge become our captor.

The moments of sweetness
so easily discarded
when danger calls from
the abyss between the two.

Do not push away love’s hand
in punishment for what it cannot give.
Together we bypass the gap
which is as deep as it is old.

Forget the chasm
so jaded with angry dreams.
Our fear is empty-handed.
Love’s hand has room for the other.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“There will always be that one person we dream of, even if we do not sleep.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“CAN YOU NOT REMEMBER?
When did this brutality grow? Can you not remember?
Go back to the place where you left that man dying.
This time you must bring him back with you.

I see you in my dreams. Your face is edged with battle.
I touch your forehead from a distant land.
The Earth glare is so bright. It washes the white memory from your mind.
Have you forgotten we come from the same place?
Settle, settle, peace, peace.

When did this brutality grow? Can you not remember?
Go back to the place where you left that man dying.
This time you must bring him back with you.

You are looking for something, demanding to be found.
Make your way back from that broken land. Return from that empty place.
There is nothing there for you. It holds a million shadows.
There are no friends there.
Settle, settle, peace, peace.

When did this brutality grow? Can you not remember?
Go back to the place where you left that man dying.
This time you must bring him back with you.

It is warmer here. Can you see the light? Trust it. It is safe.
It has lived a long time. It has seen much more than you.
You fight a demon that you once knew but the demon is already slain.
And from the corner of your eye you will see the scattered, sacred fire reform again.
Settle, settle, peace, peace.”
― Donna Goddard, Love's Longing

“Alignment is sacred, and everything that is sacred says that we're whole, but we must first honor our wholeness by doing the work within and releasing the wounds, releasing the karmic patterning of our parents, and releasing the relationships that we had before that taught us to think and feel in a certain way.”
― Victoria L. White, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“We remain stuck when we forget our original nature, and our original nature is pure and limitless, it isn’t bound or attached to our past, mistakes, or circumstances; it is free from emotion, it is clear, it is light. It is ever changing and because it is ever changing it is free from bondage – mental, physical, emotional and spiritual bondage.”
― Victoria L. White, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“Surrendering is having an openness, it is a blossoming and encompasses the ability, to be honest, vulnerable, and trust another. Surrendering is not the same as giving into everything your partner says or throwing away your stance without reason. Surrendering is ending the resistance within you and the relationship as whole by coming together mutually and (w)holistically for the purpose of a greater understanding.”
― Victoria L. White, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“When someone treats you like a shit, you’re nothing more than a shit in that person’s life.
Stop fooling yourself.”
― Himmilicious

“Relationship problems are for rich people. Poor people have things like hunger, Bills, Clothes, and medicine..”
― Himmilicious

“Only those who look closely will see the beauty between her flaws.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Men love those creatures that need to be taken care of. To be with a strong and wise woman is obliging. If you want to tame a lioness you need to become a lion, not a goat. A doe is easier to keep. You give her a little grass, a little milk, and she is tamed. Who do you think a man would choose?”
― Lina J. Potter, The Royal Court

“All those other gestures of sympathy seemed a little melodramatic to me. My loss was mine and only mine. For the others, it was just a matter of words.”
― Benyamin, Jasmine Days

“You know how it is when you arrive in a new place and feel like you don't belong there? That hesitation to recon with a new geography. That knowledge that this place is not mine, these ways of talking are not mine, these silences are not mine, this etiquette is not mine.So many new things to absorb. And the place also takes a little time to accept the new person. Often you have to meet the place on its own terms. Sometimes you have to work hard to earn your little corner in it. Till that place become yours, till you find your own equilibrium, there will be a gap between you and the place.”
― Benyamin, Jasmine Days

“In the end, the longest and most important relationship any of us will ever have is with ourselves. That’s why I believe self-awareness is so important. We all need to learn to become comfortable with ourselves as early as possible, and to grasp that we are responsible for who we are. And, as I said, the best way to get to know ourselves is through our relationships with others.”
― Gisele Bündchen, Lessons: My Path to a Meaningful Life

“When a woman allows a man to enter her he is either giving or taking vital energy. A man can only share vital energy if he possesses it. A man’s vitality lies in his inner work and reservation of his semen emissions, which contains vital energy, life force. Avoiding overly frequent ejaculations is key. Building your storehouse of vital energy takes maturity and discipline.”
― Shalom Melchizedek, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“Time moves quickly
In the blink of an eye
You're gone
Do you miss me
Feels like yesterday
We were on
Blissfully
Grab your chin
With my palm
Kiss your cheek”
― Andrew Edward Lucier, Awakenigma Allegory Anomalous

“But continuing to initiate conversations and be curious about people is fundamental to building valuable relationships, because curiosity creates connections—that is the law of curiosity.”
― Michelle Tillis Lederman, The 11 Laws of Likability: Relationship Networking . . . Because People Do Business with People They Like

“Why are you staring at me?'
the girl asked.
The boy looked at her eyes.
'Because I wonder, of all the people in the world, why am I the lucky one who found you?”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“I didn't see how much of my self-worth had been tied into that relationship until it was over. The hardest part wasn't leaving her behind; it was feeling like I'd left pieces of myself behind. The only pieces I liked.”
― Jen Wilde, Queens of Geek

“We need to realize that any individual, and generally it is someone that we call a boyfriend or girlfriend, lover, mate, husband, wife, friend, consort, or anyone that is getting us to learn more about ourselves, to see aspects of ourselves that we don’t typically like to see or want to see, is, in fact, our actual soul mate.”
― Shalom Melchizedek, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“If my beloved were a king,
I couldst not love him more.
Were he a jester to make men laugh,
My love I would implore.
But, alas, my love is but a man,
Of heart and soul so free.
And I couldst no more break my vow,
Than break the heart in me.”
― Tracie Peterson, Castles: Kingdom Divided / Alas My Love / If Only / Five Geese Flying

“Prezirem ljude koji žive u sećanjima, nikad nisam bio od njih. Takvi ljudi su za mene luzeri, mada... Nekad nije loše da sećanja s vremena na vreme posete čoveka. Shvatiš kako je počelo. Shvatiš zašto je počelo. Shvatiš zašto još uvek traje.”
― Tamara Kučan, Bivirgata

“Maštam da je moje srce veliko onoliko koliko prašta. Laž. Srce je slomljeno kad dođe dotle da mora da oprosti.”
― Tamara Kučan, Bivirgata

“Cosmic love is your birthright. Meditative sensitivity opens you up to the higher realms of existence. The explosive cosmic and soul love we seek can only be experienced when your heart is fully open first.”
― Shalom Melchizedek, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“If you have not resolved your grief, it will affect your future relationships including the one you have with yourself. Including the one you have with me. It will keep us all in a holding pattern, putting a straightjacket on your love and chaining you to the past instead of moving you forward into the future.”
― Kate McGahan, Only Gone From Your Sight: Jack McAfghan's Little Guide to Pet Loss and Grief

“A mother's heart has the gift of foresight.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Why

“It's hard for a woman to respect a man who refuses to take any action to solve his problems.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Why

“It struck her how a man could seem to gain a little bit of magic or grace or virtue with every woman he was with, but that a woman--though she said maybe should should be fair and just speak for herself--relinquished something each time, even if it ended mutually and well.”
― Chang-rae Lee, Native Speaker

“Sometimes I think that people are like stars or planets in the sky. Near each other, but unable to reach out and touch one another, even though they're sharing the same orbit. Spinning through the darkness so close together, they only see the outlines of unfamiliar figures. And they strain with all their might to reach each other, but gravity forces them into circle after circle of pointless motion in empty space.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Why

“Several times over the years Kate would tell me how she saw Grady in her dreams. In the dream Kate would say to her, “You can't be here, Grady, you died.” Inevitably as she said that, Grady would disappear, poof, just like that. I tried to explain to her that she needed to accept Grady into her dreams. She needed to give Grady permission to stay. Until she did, Grady would have to honor what Kate believed to be true. When Kate said, “You can’t be here,” Grady could not stay. That’s the way it works. A loyal dog obeys its master, even beyond the grave.”
― Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with my Master

“When someone needs something in order to feel better, that something returns him love.”
― Maria Karvouni

“When someone needs something in order to feel better, that something returns her love.”
― Maria Karvouni

“When you readily throw words around like 'beautiful', 'gorgeous' and 'sexy'...Ensure the first person to hear them is the one who deserves them...”
― Virginia Alison

“When I got home, I looked around and thought that it was about time for a good cry. A really serious one.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Why

“Love is intense. You break down all your walls to let someone in. But if they're not good for you, they can tear you up from the inside. And you think what you have together is love, so you let them.”
― Shira Glassman, Cinnamon Blade: Knife in Shining Armor

“She wanted to hear more of Soledad geeking out, preferably while sticky and naked and trying to decide on pizza toppings.”
― Shira Glassman, Cinnamon Blade: Knife in Shining Armor

“We all of us go about, she meant to tell him but was too occupied, wanting to be wanted but unsure why anybody should bother.”
― Marge Piercy, He, She and It

“Life is but love.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You can enter into the relationship whole and understand the value of why you are choosing to work in union with another. The relationship is a merger, not a buyout, meaning you wouldn’t come to another and desire to be in partnership to dominate and control the other person. You wouldn’t partner or merge with someone who you didn’t believe in their life’s work, or you don’t honor the work they’ve done to grow into who they currently are.”
― Victoria L. White, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“I was going to be sick soon. I had certainly done some damage to the body while trying to numb the heart.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Why

“The difference is that she loved him once and he loved her twice.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“I believe in the unity of souls because I've seen it. I remember how my grandfather and grandmother lived together. But as for the rest, I know perfectly well how it will go, and how it will end.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Why

“Andrei wasn't just ideal - he was unique. I didn't need the rest of the world when I had him; you could disappear into him and forget who you were.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Why

“Her smile alone could light up the darkest of souls
The scent of a harvest of roses
Skin as soft as silk clothes
Energy explosive”
― Andrew Edward Lucier, Awakenigma Allegory Anomalous

“Reva often spoke about 'settling down.' That sounded like death to me.

'I'd rather be alone than anybody's live-in prostitute,' I said to Reva.”
― Ottessa Moshfegh, My Year of Rest and Relaxation

“Distance does not affect the fact that we look at the same moon every night.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Make time for those who make time for you. Treasure those who care enough to invest their time and energy. Friendship is for giving.”
― Akiroq Brost

“Women who are not boring have realized that men do not like sex as much as it is generally believed.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Never stop looking for the dream that could happen tomorrow.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Be true to who you are! Don't sit around waiting for approval, life is too short...DO what makes you happy!”
― Rosalie Bardo

“Loving yourself is being aware of how you spend your time. Eliminating purposeless daily activities and prioritizing will free up your time in order for you to focus on living in purpose.”
― Victoria L. White, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“My former girlfriend said: ‘You don’t deserve the house you have; it’s too good for you.’ I replied: “I found a house that matched all your criteria, to make you happy. If you lost it, and ended up sleeping in a filthy room in a shared apartment, is because you don’t deserve me, I was too good for you, you disappointed me by trying to find a guy that matches you better, and you made me very unhappy. Your priories were wrong.’ Life does not offer gifts or rewards, but opportunities. Nobody is entitled to anything. Only behavior and labor defines us and what we have. Whenever you make a choice, you follow one path and move apart from another. If your job occupies more importance in your mind, time and actions, than your dream, then you will not accomplish your dream but maybe receive a raise in your salary instead and be happy with that loss. If you look at relationships as a toy store, if you look at your companion as easily replaceable, then you will very likely lose the one you have. If you rather enjoy life with your friends than with your companion, you will end up alone. If you insult the wise, you then end up surrounded by fools. If you neglect your wealth, you will likely end up poor. If you destroy love, you will end up feeling unloved. If you destroy the good that comes to you, you will end up experiencing evil. Life will always reflect your actions, words and thoughts. You are what you spend most of your time doing, saying and thinking. Your life is always a reflection of your priorities. If you spend your time partying, insulting and occupying your mind with nonsense from social media, music with degrading lyrics, and movies that promote antisocial values, you get zero from life.”
― Robin Sacredfire

“Like a wave we often float ashore to find something that feels like home.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“The Principles of Human Design

1. You are a unique being. The combination of who you are and why you are here is as unique as your finger prints.

2. It’s much easier to be who you really are than who you think you should be.

3. You are who you are and nothing can change that. You’re beautiful just as you are.

4. Human Design helps you remember who you are. You were born perfectly and nothing has changed.

5. Human Design is about making decisions that are right for you versus what’s right for anyone else.

6. You don’t need to be fixed. You’re perfect just the way you are.

7. You’re here for a reason. The world is waiting for the authentic you to emerge.

8. Human Design allows you to be the you you were born to be. You don’t need to take anything personally; it’s just energy.

9. If each one of us were living our unique Strategy, the world would be a lovely and very livable place.

10. You are designed to receive love and everything you need to survive. The Universe is always taking care of you by default, if you allow It.

11. Human Design is about Self-Awareness: getting to know yourself better so you can be happier, healthier, more prosperous and more fulfilled.

12. Things should flow easily when you’re living your design. There’s no pushing hard when you’re in the flow. Relationships, job offers, money, fulfillment will flow to you and through you naturally.”
― Karen Flaherty

“When does infidelity begin, Rachel wondered as she crossed the park at lunch time on her way for the afternoon shift at work. Does it start with a word? A look? A touch? When does it become too late to remain a faithful wife?”
― Samantha Grosser, The Officer's Affair: A Novel of World War II

“I hope when you experience deep sadness you have the courage to redirect your life

I hope you appreciate the value of time and never allow money to consume you”
― Rosalie Bardo

“The only thing I'll say is, make your own friends. Peter will be making tons of friends because of lacrosse, and the people he'll be friends with aren't necessarily the kinds of people you'd pick to be friends with. So make your own friends. Find your people. (Margot to Lara Jean)”
― Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean

“In all innocence I plead guilty for loving you by accident.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“There was a fine-tuning of Richard's and my temperaments during the years we lived with his heart disease, lymphoma, and lung cancer. Before, our differences had triggered sporadic tension; now our basic natures served us better. Our sensibilities and quirks evolved into something more shared and complex, more mingled.”
― Kay Redfield Jamison, Nothing Was the Same

“Love is to choose the same person every time you had choice to choose everyone else.”
― Himmilicious

“True friendship is when you can allow and accept each other without conditions, ultimatums, expectations, demands or hidden agendas.”
― Hazel Butterworth

“Even if you forget, I will remember for the two of us.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“We often pray to the stars above, to help us find somebody to love.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“And you stop needing to have the experience of
heartbreak when you realize you are already whole. If you are already love no one can come into your life and take away the love you’ve cultivated and become.”
― Victoria L. White, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“All this? It's a privilege to worship at this temple, do you understand my meaning? Not just any young fool can approach the throne. Remember my words, Lara Jean. You decide who, how far, and how often, if ever. (Stormy)”
― Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You

“Sacred sexuality is the marrying of souls.”
― Victoria L. White, Learning To Love: And The Power of Sacred Sexual Spiritual Partnerships

“The main differences between prostitution and most relationships are the lengths of the relationships and the methods of payment.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I don't think relationships are just about physicality. There are ways to show you care about someone, not just using your lips. Or any other part. (Lara Jean to Peter Kavinsky)”
― Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before

“Some people make you realise how important relationships are and some relationships make you understand how important money is.”
― Himmilicious

“When you choose to work in partnership with another, it's saying, you recognize your partners worth and what you bring to each other, and that essentially they are you. By recognizing that they are a representation of you, you recognize your growth within them, and their invitation for you to grow to your highest aspect.”
― Victoria L. White

“Those old hags downstairs were quite nauseating,' she said after another silence. 'I can't think why we stayed there listening to them. (You because you hunger for social contacts, however squalid. Me to lick the pebble of my unhappiness.)”
― Albert Cohen, Belle du Seigneur

“I fell asleep with your head on my breast
My soul laying gracefully on your stable and loving chest”
― Maquita Donyel Irvin, Stories of a Polished Pistil: Unpaved

“Being tired is a luxury that a working woman can't afford, which is why I did my best to keep it together, to maintain an impossible juggling act: work, shopping, phone calls - endless, endless phone calls.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Why

“I belong to a culture that includes Proust, Henry James, Tchaikovsky, Cole Porter, Plato, Socrates, Aristotle, Alexander the Great, Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci, Christopher Marlowe, Walt Whitman, Herman Melville, Tennessee Williams, Byron, E.M. Forster, Lorca, Auden, Francis Bacon, James Baldwin, Harry Stack Sullivan, John Maynard Keynes, Dag Hammarskjold… These are not invisible men. Poor Bruce. Poor frightened Bruce. Once upon a time you wanted to be a soldier.
Bruce, did you know that an openly gay Englishman was as responsible as any man for winning the Second World War? His name was Alan Turing and he cracked the Germans' Enigma code so the Allies knew in advance what the Nazis were going to do — and when the war was over he committed suicide he was so hounded for being gay. Why don't they teach any of this in the schools? If they did, maybe he wouldn't have killed himself and maybe you wouldn't be so terrified of who you are. The only way we'll have real pride is when we demand recognition of a culture that isn't just sexual. It's all there—all through history we've been there; but we have to claim it, and identify who was in it, and articulate what's in our minds and hearts and all our creative contributions to this earth. And until we do that, and until we organize ourselves block by neighborhood by city by state into a united visible community that fights back, we're doomed. That's how I want to be defined: as one of the men who fought the war.”
― Larry Kramer, The Normal Heart

“Bot even the truest of love can survive without respect.
Not even self love.”
― Jyoti Arora, Lemon Girl

“These tactics are initiated if the abuser wants to explore the possibility of a lasting relationship and if he feels that the particular woman would be susceptible to such tactics.”
― Don Hennessy, How He Gets Into Her Head: The Mind of the Male Intimate Abuser

“All this when I know human relationships are not founded on reason any more than my roses are fertilized with debate. I know seeking asylum behind the wall of intellect and rationality is a selfish retreating into self-protectiveness at the expense of another's well-being.”
― Patricia Cornwell, Postmortem

“The relationship you have with yourself will determine what your relationships with others will be like.”
― Akiroq Brost

“In the beginning, the lovemaking was frequent and wild, but with little genuine feeling, like good pornography. Our true intimacy was the unspoken belief that we were living honest lives without the artifice and deceit so necessary in most relationships.”
― Harry N. MacLean, The Joy of Killing

“So often when we are unhappy it is becasue we are taking too much responsibility or we are taking too little. Instead of being assertive and choosing clearly for ourselves, we might become aggressive (choosing for others) or passive (letting others choose for us), or passive-aggressive (choosing for others by preventing them from achieving what they are choosing for themselves).”
― Edith Eva Eger, The Choice: Embrace the Possible

“We are all potentially demons to each other, but some close relationships are saved from this fate.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Sea, The Sea

“Before the abuser initiates contact with a prospective long-term intimate partner he has already developed some very strong beliefs and attitudes. In his own mind he knows what he needs from an intimate relationship and he is convinced that he is entitled to have these needs met. He is also convinced that these needs outweigh any cost to his prospective partner.”
― Don Hennessy, How He Gets Into Her Head: The Mind of the Male Intimate Abuser

“Stop assuming people can read your mind. Communicate yourself.”
― Akiroq Brost

“Most people shake your hand but only a few touch your heart.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Everything in her life, she could see now, had taken the same turn—as for love, she often puzzled and puzzled, without ever allowing herself to be fully sad, as to what could be wrong with the formula. It does not work, she thought. At times there were moments when she asked herself if she could have been in the wrong: she would almost rather think that. What she thought she regretted was her lack of guard, her wayward extravagance—but had she all the time been more guarded than she imagined, had she been deceitful, had she been seen through? For what had always happened she could still not account. There seemed to be some way she did not know of by which people managed to understand each other.”
― Elizabeth Bowen, The Death of the Heart

“A lot of disagreements are born from misunderstandings. Communication is key.”
― Akiroq Brost

“We often hold on to someone who actually wants us to let go.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Family is the foundation of life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I wished to trust, and so I trusted. When events did not please me, my dreams reworked them.”
― Helen Garner

“i have a fatal attraction to your mismatched fragments & your meaningless tangents seem to mean the world to me.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Your jagged edges always surrender to the soft lines in the face of my poetry.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“I want to be the one who make stories, I want to hurt the way I get hurt, I want to experience how does it feel to be a cheater, a liar, a betrayer, to come up with quick stories to hide the faults, to know that I’ve hurt someone still blame the person for being mad but damn! I turn out to be the loyal one all the time who makes all the efforts to continue the relationship and stay honest and it hurts as fuck!”
― Himmilicious

“Don't you see we're all full of horrible power, working against each other however much we may love?”
― Elizabeth Bowen, The Death of the Heart

“Loyalty is a choice you make to respect your partner, to realise the value of efforts one makes for you..
And that choice is easy to make when you love the person and understand how much the broken trust would hurt the person who loves you..”
― Himmilicious

“It took seconds to fall in love and years to tell her.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“Donner Party
Forsaken, fucking in the cold,
eating each other, lost
runny noses,
complaining all the time
like so many
people
that we know”
― Richard Brautigan

“Love is not special, lovers are!”
― Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel

“Close enough is not close enough.”
― Jennifer Pierre

“Like a painting; you are art and I hope I can be a piece of it.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“You realise power of money and love when you lose them. You realise power of money more when you lose love along with it!”
― Hemant Pandey

“There's no good reason why I shouldn't kiss you right now.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“If you watch and pay attention, good or bad, people always reveal themselves.”
― Akiroq Brost

“My life began at the beginning with you.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“...as if, one lover gone, I was opening up for an immediate replacement. Smack habit, love habit - what's the difference? They can both kill you. For the bus journey I fell in love with a woman who smiled at me. The motion of the bus made her thick mop of fair curls tremble. We talked about desperados.

'I am fatally attracted to them', I said. 'In fact, I probably am one'.”
― Helen Garner, Monkey Grip

“You are acting as though there is a choice in who you love. It doesn’t really work that way. You love who you love.”

“Now you’re being ridiculous. Of course love is a choice.”

“Being in a relationship with someone is a choice. Loving them isn’t. There are plenty of people divorced today who still love one another. And there are a bunch of people out there who love someone with everything they have, but choose not to be with them because they’re addicts or they’re unreliable, or they cheated. The choosing to be with someone or not part, that is a choice. But who you end up falling for, that is completely out of your control.”
― Jessica Gadziala, The Messenger

“A beautiful garden and a beautiful woman have much in common. They both bring peace and tranquillity to the man who is fortunate enough to possess them."

Rachel was silent. To be possessed by Jeronimo was a dream she could never aspire to, but she would remember his words for ever.”
― Elizabeth Hunter, The Spanish Inheritance

“It's not so easy."

"What isn't?"

"To establish relationships, you can't just elect people, it can't be done by thinking and willing.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Sea, The Sea

“The trouble with you, Charles, is that basically you despise women, whereas I, in spite of some appearances to the contrary, do not."

"I don't despise women. I was in love with all Shakespeare's heroines before I was twelve."

"But they don't exist, dear man, that's the point. They live in the never-never land of art, all tricked out in Shakespeare's wit and wisdom, and mock us from there, filling us with false hopes and empty dreams. The real thing is spite and lies and arguments about money.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Sea, The Sea

“Her body is a philosophical novel that proves the existence of extraterrestrial life forms.”
― Curtis tyrone jones

“Reaching so far out
We've tripped and skipped
Reality”
― Talia Basma, Being

“At the point where you find yourself closing down from communicating openly in a relationship, you have a choice about how you would like to proceed. One way forward is to lay fresh layers of protection around your vulnerable heart. You are dampening the other person’s ability to hurt you, but you are also less able to communicate your own love genuinely. You are essentially preparing yourself for an inevitable breakup.

The alternative is loosening up your expectations and reconnecting with that curiosity you were able to offer at the beginning of the relationship. You commit to exploring where you are stuck, where you have put up that protective shielding, and how you can open yourself more to your partner. This is a way to deepen a relationship, by recommitting to applying gentle curiosity toward learning about your lover.”
― Lodro Rinzler, The Buddha Walks into a Bar...: A Guide to Life for a New Generation

“Life is too short to spend your time pining for someone who isn't here.”
― Carole Matthews, It's Now or Never: The No-Nonsense Guide to Leadership

“In England you learn only to compete with your men in the world and it's not enough to be loved for yourselves because you are women. I shall try to learn of you, but you must try to learn from me, convenido?”
― Elizabeth Hunter, The Spanish Inheritance

“For it is only in other people's gaze that we see ourselves, isn't it?”
― Olive Senior, Dancing Lessons

“Can you imagine being in a place inside of yourself where you genuinely don’t need to be loved? It’s a very quiet place in which your love becomes open, broad, beautiful, and strong.”
― Mooji, Vaster Than Sky, Greater Than Space: What You Are Before You Became

“Do not assume that someone else’s ego can love you. It cannot. It does not even love the person it resides in. The limit of the ego’s 'love' is to decide that you are a temporary ally and thus it will protect you for the benefit of its own use. Only a soul can accept and return love. Everything else is manipulation. Fragile arrangements. They are, at best, suspicious and, at worst, vicious.”
― Donna Goddard, Circles of Separation

“Ouch!: We can't control how pain and suffering enter our lives...we¹re all involved with other people for big chunks of our lives...And because people are complex critters, things get tangled, messy, and uncomfortable far faster and more often than anyone intends.”
― Helen S. Rosenau, The Messy Joys of Being Human: A Guide to Risking Change and Becoming Happier

“Just like a vocal range, everybody has a feelings range: some people can hit the mood, others are feeling-deaf.”
― Lucy Dada, Use Passive Restraint, Bitch

“Your paths will never align if you do not have the ability to adapt.”
― LaTron Williams

“Relationships are created, love happens.”
― Tapan Ghosh

“Bo ja lubię do Ciebie pisać. Z różnych powodów. Między innymi dlatego, że chcę, żebyś wiedziała, że myślę o Tobie. To dość egoistyczna pobudka, ale nie mam zamiaru jej wypierać. A myślę dużo i często. Właściwie myśli o Tobie towarzyszą mi w każdej sytuacji. I nie masz pojęcia jak bardzo jest mi z tym dobrze. A przy okazji wymyślam różne rzeczy. Z którymi też przeważnie jest mi dobrze. Bo bardzo wysoko cenię fakt, że zaistniałaś w moim życiu. Ostatnio z resztą trudno używać słów takich jak "cenię". Ostatnio czasami wydaje mi się, że sława są za małe. Dlatego dziękuję Ci. Dziękuję Ci z całą powagą i nieuchronnym lekkim wzruszeniem za to, że jesteś. I że ja mogę być.”
― Janusz Leon Wiśniewski, S@motność w Sieci

“Relationships are constantly changing. They have to be dealt with every day anew. They are not constant, unchanging entities. You have to pay attention. If things take a turn for the worse then it is painful but it’s a chance to see things differently, a chance to see more. So that is a helpful pain.”
― Donna Goddard, Circles of Separation

“Make love to her mind but don’t leave her mindfucked.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“She’s a tornado in a tank top leaving wreckage in her wake.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Her eyes are planets whose subjects aren’t subject to the laws of gravity.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“There is always at least one person wondering if someone who has never loved them still loves them.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Tease her with your touch or she’ll tase you with her absence.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“I have felt more passion with less comfort elsewhere: the mysterious deep half-blind preferences of human beings for each other, the quick probing tentacles that seek in the dark, why one inexplicably and yet certainly loves A and is indifferent to B.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Sea, The Sea

“Christ, I loathe women. But I can't get going on the other tack either. And you needn't blush and look coy, I never fancied you. I know what you got up to with Fritzie Eitel! No—but I'd have had old Wilfred if he'd asked me. What did old Wilfred do for sex? No one ever knew. Perhaps he didn't have any, and if so good on him.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Sea, The Sea

“Sure, military combat is scary... but in some ways combat seems a little easier than personal relationships. At least in combat, the enemy is honest enough to claim themselves as such.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Love may not lead where we think or hope, but regardless of outcome it should be a call to seriousness and truth. If it is not that - if it is not moral in its effect - than love is no more than an exaggerated form of pleasure.”
― Julian Barnes

“Part of love is preparing for death. You feel confirmed in your love when she dies. You got it right. This is part of it all.”
― Julian Barnes

“Men and women have different dreams.'
She lifted her head, looked at him and touched his face.
'And when you put them together, you have a life.' she kissed his mouth”
― Ken Follett, World Without End

“love is not cruel
we are cruel
love is not a game
we have made a game
out of love”
― Rupi Kaur, Milk and Honey

“Do you love her?”

“Fuck no. What the hell would make you ask that?”

“Do you want to take her home tonight instead of me?”

“No.”

“Then I don’t care.”

Jake backed me into the bar, his arms at my sides holding onto the ledge. “I love you.”
― Layla Frost, Hyde and Seek

“Relationships are valuable for healing and learning how to love.”
― Donna Goddard, Circles of Separation

“When you were dealing with a person separated from everybody by an invisible thick glass wall - like a bubble where he didn't let anybody in - every little thing mattered.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Two Months and Three Days

“But it seems logical... a man and a woman have to be somewhat equal... as in, one of them can’t always be swooping in and saving the other one. They have to save each other equally. .... I can’t always be Lois Lane,” I insisted. “ I want to be Superman, too.”
― Stephenie Meyer, Twilight

“Many a woman secretly has a crush on a man who secretly has a crush on her man.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The quality of all your current relationships is a direct result of how you feel about yourself.”
― Angela Cecilia, Follow Your Bliss: How to Start Living the Life of Your Dreams

“We all have dark times!”
― honeya

“He studied her tastes and reactions - in food, sex, or music - as if he were drawing a map of the continent that he had just discovered.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Two Months and Three Days

“The only thing remaining was to hang Arina in the Louvre like the Mona Lisa and forget that she was alive.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Two Months and Three Days

“Hi. My name is Sue. Have some Gu, Let me put this under you.

IF you ask anyone who has ever taken a wilderness medicine course from me, this is how they remember me. This is what we say to someone we find injured or lost in the backcountry. Introduce yourself, add sugars and insulation to the patient.”
― Susan Purvis, Go Find: My Journey to Find the Lost—and Myself

“Don't tell God how big your problems are. Tell your problems how big your God is.”
― Kathleen O'Keefe-Kanavos, Surviving Cancerland: Intuitive Aspects of Healing

“I sometimes wish that the two of us would have first gotten to know each other later.”
― Anonymous

“A beau needs to love you for who you are, not who you're tryin' to be.”
― Beverly Lewis

“Some people I know should walk around with written warnings on, like the ones you find on cigarette packages.”
― Luigina Sgarro

“Sometimes it takes a lot of Joe to find the Joe who’s right.”
― PJ Adams

“Delicate ties lead to a stronger love”
― Bhumika Singh, Cherished Sins

“Love out of freewill is the purest of all. And this freewill means complete freedom, even the freedom to reject.”
― Bhumika Singh, Cherished Sins

“The more you love someone the more you become vulnerable to getting hurt”
― Bhumika Singh, Cherished Sins

“He didn't like personal questions. But, to be fair, he never really asked them either.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Two Months and Three Days

“Beautiful things come together one stitch at a time.”
― Donna Goddard, Circles of Separation

“Love is its own reward.”
― Donna Goddard, Circles of Separation

“Ήθελε να τον ρωτήσει αν θα άντεχε να την κοιτάει έτσι για το υπόλοιπο της ζωής τους ή αν θα κουραζόταν, όταν θα συνειδητοποιούσε ότι ήταν τελικά μια απλή γυναίκα και ότι τα μυστήρια που εντόπιζε ο ίδιος δεν ήταν παρά μια δική του επινόηση. Κοίταξε το ποτάμι, τα δέντρα και έπειτα τη γη στα πόδια της, και σκέφτηκε, ναι, αυτό θα πρέπει σίγουρα να είναι η ανθρώπινη ιστορία. Να ξεφορτώνεσαι και το τελευταίο σου μυστικό στο μυαλό ενός άντρα και να μην ξέρεις αν θα πνιγεί, αν θα ανθίσει ή αν θα χαθεί στο χώμα.”
― Γιάννης Σκαραγκάς

“Oftentimes, it is for the better but most of the time, you'll see the product of pain sauntering down the sidewalk, spewing its manifestations to every individual who crosses their path.”
― LaShonda C. Henderson, Selah The Myth of Love Life Stories

“They are out here treating love like it is War. But they are crazy because the only casualties are them! They are dead on the inside and they like being numb.”
― LaShonda C. Henderson, Selah The Myth of Love Life Stories

“Lindy, you're not disappointed with Tim. You're disappointed by your own expectations.”
― Lindy Tsang, A Beautiful Mind, A Beautiful Life: The Bubz Guide to Being Unstoppable

“Break up of relation ,sometime don't just breaks connection between two bodies , for someone it can be disconnect with the soul
And disconnect with soul,
it's called "Death”
― Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"

“He wanted Arina This thought filled her body with happiness. She was crazy!”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Two Months and Three Days

“Arina still remembered his hands holding her tight, not letting her escape.”
― Tatiana Vedenska, Two Months and Three Days

“Such a relationship does not stay longer if that holds the intended hopes, and motives.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

