“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”
― Winston S. Churchill

“He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much;
Who has enjoyed the trust of pure women, the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children;
Who has filled his niche and accomplished his task;
Who has never lacked appreciation of Earth's beauty or failed to express it;
Who has left the world better than he found it,
Whether an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul;
Who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had;
Whose life was an inspiration;
Whose memory a benediction.”
― Bessie Anderson Stanley, More Heart Throbs Volume Two in Prose and Verse Dear to the American People And by them contributed as a Supplement to the original $10,000 Prize Book HEART THROBS

“I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.”
― Herbert Bayard Swope

“If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.”
― W.C. Fields

“Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.”
― Albert Einstein

“It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.”
― Herman Melville

“Dare to Be

When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.

When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light.

When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it.

When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway.

When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back.

When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some.

When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going.

When times are tough, dare to be tougher.

When love hurts you, dare to love again.

When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal.

When another is lost, dare to help them find the way.

When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand.

When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile.

When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too.

When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best.

Dare to be the best you can –

At all times, Dare to be!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.”
― Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!

“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get”
― W. P. Kinsella

“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.”
― Truman Capote

“Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.”
― Salvador Dali

“The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.”
― Bette Midler

“Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.”
― Winston S. Churchill

“Anyone whose goal is 'something higher' must expect someday to suffer vertigo. What is vertigo? Fear of falling? No, Vertigo is something other than fear of falling. It is the voice of the emptiness below us which tempts and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defend ourselves.”
― Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being

“If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut”
― Albert Einstein

“Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. ”
― Coco Chanel

“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. ”
― Walt Disney

“Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand”
― Hayley Williams

“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.”
― Oliver Goldsmith, The Citizen of the World, Or, Letters from a Chinese Philosopher, Residing in London, to His Friends in the Country, by Dr. Goldsmith

“All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure. ”
― Mark Twain

“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it”
― Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning

“How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“No matter how old you are now. You are never too young or too old for success or going after what you want. Here’s a short list of people who accomplished great things at different ages
1) Helen Keller, at the age of 19 months, became deaf and blind. But that didn’t stop her. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree.
2) Mozart was already competent on keyboard and violin; he composed from the age of 5.
3) Shirley Temple was 6 when she became a movie star on “Bright Eyes.”
4) Anne Frank was 12 when she wrote the diary of Anne Frank.
5) Magnus Carlsen became a chess Grandmaster at the age of 13.
6) Nadia Comăneci was a gymnast from Romania that scored seven perfect 10.0 and won three gold medals at the Olympics at age 14.
7) Tenzin Gyatso was formally recognized as the 14th Dalai Lama in November 1950, at the age of 15.
8) Pele, a soccer superstar, was 17 years old when he won the world cup in 1958 with Brazil.
9) Elvis was a superstar by age 19.
10) John Lennon was 20 years and Paul Mcartney was 18 when the Beatles had their first concert in 1961.
11) Jesse Owens was 22 when he won 4 gold medals in Berlin 1936.
12) Beethoven was a piano virtuoso by age 23
13) Issac Newton wrote Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica at age 24
14) Roger Bannister was 25 when he broke the 4 minute mile record
15) Albert Einstein was 26 when he wrote the theory of relativity
16) Lance E. Armstrong was 27 when he won the tour de France
17) Michelangelo created two of the greatest sculptures “David” and “Pieta” by age 28
18) Alexander the Great, by age 29, had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world
19) J.K. Rowling was 30 years old when she finished the first manuscript of Harry Potter
20) Amelia Earhart was 31 years old when she became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean
21) Oprah was 32 when she started her talk show, which has become the highest-rated program of its kind
22) Edmund Hillary was 33 when he became the first man to reach Mount Everest
23) Martin Luther King Jr. was 34 when he wrote the speech “I Have a Dream."
24) Marie Curie was 35 years old when she got nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physics
25) The Wright brothers, Orville (32) and Wilbur (36) invented and built the world's first successful airplane and making the first controlled, powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight
26) Vincent Van Gogh was 37 when he died virtually unknown, yet his paintings today are worth millions.
27) Neil Armstrong was 38 when he became the first man to set foot on the moon.
28) Mark Twain was 40 when he wrote "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", and 49 years old when he wrote "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn"
29) Christopher Columbus was 41 when he discovered the Americas
30) Rosa Parks was 42 when she refused to obey the bus driver’s order to give up her seat to make room for a white passenger
31) John F. Kennedy was 43 years old when he became President of the United States
32) Henry Ford Was 45 when the Ford T came out.
33) Suzanne Collins was 46 when she wrote "The Hunger Games"
34) Charles Darwin was 50 years old when his book On the Origin of Species came out.
35) Leonardo Da Vinci was 51 years old when he painted the Mona Lisa.
36) Abraham Lincoln was 52 when he became president.
37) Ray Kroc Was 53 when he bought the McDonalds Franchise and took it to unprecedented levels.
38) Dr. Seuss was 54 when he wrote "The Cat in the Hat".
40) Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger III was 57 years old when he successfully ditched US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River in 2009. All of the 155 passengers aboard the aircraft survived
41) Colonel Harland Sanders was 61 when he started the KFC Franchise
42) J.R.R Tolkien was 62 when the Lord of the Ring books came out
43) Ronald Reagan was 69 when he became President of the US
44) Jack Lalane at age 70 handcuffed, shackled, towed 70 rowboats
45) Nelson Mandela was 76 when he became President”
― Pablo

“It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.”
― Leonardo da Vinci

“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“A thinker sees his own actions as experiments and questions--as attempts to find out something. Success and failure are for him answers above all.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.”
― Bob Dylan

“Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.”
― Coco Chanel, Believing in Ourselves: The Wisdom of Women

“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Never stop dreaming,
never stop believing,
never give up,
never stop trying, and
never stop learning.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.”
― Robert F. Kennedy

“If you try and lose then it isn't your fault. But if you don't try and we lose, then it's all your fault.”
― Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game

“At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.”
― Winston S. Churchill

“Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens”
― Tony DeLiso, Legacy: The Power Within

“I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor. If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. Simple as that.”
― Robert Michaels MD - 2007 - Graduation Speaker

“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: A Black Choice

“When you show yourself to the world and display your talents, you naturally stir all kinds of resentment, envy, and other manifestations of insecurity... you cannot spend your life worrying about the petty feelings of others”
― Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power

“Over the years, I have come to realize that the greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity, or power, but self-rejection. Success, popularity, and power can indeed present a great temptation, but their seductive quality often comes from the way they are part of the much larger temptation to self-rejection. When we have come to believe in the voices that call us worthless and unlovable, then success, popularity, and power are easily perceived as attractive solutions. The real trap, however, is self-rejection. As soon as someone accuses me or criticizes me, as soon as I am rejected, left alone, or abandoned, I find myself thinking, "Well, that proves once again that I am a nobody." ... [My dark side says,] I am no good... I deserve to be pushed aside, forgotten, rejected, and abandoned. Self-rejection is the greatest enemy of the spiritual life because it contradicts the sacred voice that calls us the "Beloved." Being the Beloved constitutes the core truth of our existence.”
― Henri J.M. Nouwen

“If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.”
― Sun Tzu, The Art of War

“Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“We are all failures- at least the best of us are.”
― J.M. Barrie

“Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.”
― Dalai Lama XIV

“The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.”
― Vince Lombardi

“I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you. ”
― Oprah Winfrey

“Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.”
― Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God

“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. ”
― Bill Cosby

“A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Never was anything great achieved without danger.”
― Niccolo Machiavelli

“The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.”
― Thomas A. Edison

“Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs.”
― Zig Ziglar

“You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.”
― Jason Mraz

“One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you"...whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it...cause a smile today for someone else...and give plenty of hugs.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.”
― George Bernard Shaw

“Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
― Dr Roopleen

“Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it...”
― Wilferd Peterson

“Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“May Light always surround you;
Hope kindle and rebound you.
May your Hurts turn to Healing;
Your Heart embrace Feeling.
May Wounds become Wisdom;
Every Kindness a Prism.
May Laughter infect you;
Your Passion resurrect you.
May Goodness inspire
your Deepest Desires.
Through all that you Reach For,
May your arms Never Tire.”
― D. Simone

“Congratulations!
Today is your day.
You're off to Great Places!
You're off and away!”
― Dr. Seuss, Oh, the Places You'll Go!

“To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.”
― Sir Winston Churchill

“And will you succeed? Yes indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three-quarters percent guaranteed!”
― Dr. Suess

“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“I've had great success being a total idiot. ”
― Jerry Lewis

“Success is getting what you want..
Happiness is wanting what you get.”
― Dale Carnegie

“Don't mistake activity with achievement.”
― John Wooden

“If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“The good news is that the moment you decide that what you know is more important than what you have been taught to believe, you will have shifted gears in your quest for abundance. Success comes from within, not from without.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success.”
― Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad, Poor Dad

“Don't blindly follow someone, follow market and try to hear what it is telling you.”
― Jaymin Shah

“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also....but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“You never know what kind of setup market will present to you, your objective should be to find opportunity where risk reward ratio is best.”
― Jaymin Shah

“Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.”
― Bernard Branson

“Keep your friends for friendship, but work with the skilled and competent”
― Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power

“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“Eighty percent of success is showing up.”
― Woody Allen

“Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.”
― Joyce Brothers

“Curious that we spend more time congratulating people who have succeeded than encouraging people who have not.”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson

“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed.”
― Booker T. Washington, Up From Slavery: An Autobiography

“When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive—to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love—then make that day count!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Success is determined not by whether or not you face obstacles, but by your reaction to them. And if you look at these obstacles as a containing fence, they become your excuse for failure. If you look at them as a hurdle, each one strengthens you for the next.”
― Ben Carson, Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story

“When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you.”
― Stephen Richards

“If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.”
― Jim Henson, It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider

“Spending time with God is the key to our strength and success in all areas of life. Be sure that you never try to work God into your schedule, but always work your schedule around Him.”
― Joyce Meyer

“It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.”
― Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents

“When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.”
― Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding

“People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.”
― Dale Carnegie

“If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.”
― Steven Wright

“Great Leaders Create More Leaders

Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Understanding the difference between healthy striving and perfectionism is critical to laying down the shield and picking up your life. Research shows that perfectionism hampers success. In fact, it's often the path to depression, anxiety, addiction, and life paralysis.”
― Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection

“Success, after all, loves a witness, but failure can't exist without one.”
― Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao

“Fortune sides with him who dares.”
― Virgil

“Possessions, outward success, publicity, luxury - to me these have always been contemptible. I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best for both the body and the mind.”
― Albert Einstein

“Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“To be independent of public opinion is the first formal condition of achieving anything great.”
― HEGEL

“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“To be successful you need friends and to be very successful you need enemies.”
― Sidney Sheldon, The Other Side of Midnight

“Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probably
become as ordinary as they expect you to be.”
― Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You

“Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better.”
― Flannery O'Connor

“Before success comes in any man’s life, he is sure to meet with much temporary defeat, and, perhaps, some failure. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and most logical thing to do is to quit. That is exactly what the majority of men do. More than five hundred of the most successful men this country has ever known told the author their greatest success came just one step beyond the point at which defeat had overtaken them.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century

“Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling”
― Tony DeLiso, Legacy: The Power Within

“Success means we go to sleep at night knowing that our talents and ablities were used in a way that served others.”
― Marianne Williamson

“I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be but a challenge to others.”
― Amelia Earhart

“There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.”
― Michael Jordan

“Success is a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don't quit when you're tired. You quit when the gorilla is tired.”
― Robert Strauss

“There are many aspects to success; material wealth is only one component. ...But success also includes good health, energy and enthusiasm for life, fulfilling relationships, creative freedom, emotional and psychological stability, a sense of well-being, and peace of mind.”
― Deepak Chopra

“There is no failure except in no longer trying.”
― Elbert Hubbard

“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
― Dr Roopleen, Words to inspire the winner in YOU

“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.”
― Suzy Kassem

“You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it's enough. It takes just one star to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“Running isn't a sport for pretty boys...It's about the sweat in your hair and the blisters on your feet. Its the frozen spit on your chin and the nausea in your gut. It's about throbbing calves and cramps at midnight that are strong enough to wake the dead. It's about getting out the door and running when the rest of the world is only dreaming about having the passion that you need to live each and every day with. It's about being on a lonely road and running like a champion even when there's not a single soul in sight to cheer you on. Running is all about having the desire to train and persevere until every fiber in your legs, mind, and heart is turned to steel. And when you've finally forged hard enough, you will have become the best runner you can be. And that's all that you can ask for.”
― Paul Maurer, The Gift - A Runner's Story

“If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”
― Steve Maraboli , Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Having a low opinion of yourself is not 'modesty.' It's self-destruction. Holding your uniqueness in high regard is not 'egotism.' It's a necessary precondition to happiness and success.”
― Bobbe Sommer

“All the time you're saying to yourself, 'I could do that, but I won't,' — which is just another way of saying that you can't.”
― Richard P. Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character

“You see the first thing we love is a scene. For love at first sight requires the very sign of its suddenness; and of all things, it is the scene which seems to be seen best for the first time: a curtain parts and what had not yet ever been seen is devoured by the eyes: the scene consecrates the object I am going to love. The context is the constellation of elements, harmoniously arranged that encompass the experience of the amorous subject...

Love at first sight is always spoken in the past tense. The scene is perfectly adapted to this temporal phenomenon: distinct, abrupt, framed, it is already a memory (the nature of a photograph is not to represent but to memorialize)... this scene has all the magnificence of an accident: I cannot get over having had this good fortune: to meet what matches my desire.

The gesture of the amorous embrace seems to fulfill, for a time, the subject's dream of total union with the loved being: The longing for consummation with the other... In this moment, everything is suspended: time, law, prohibition: nothing is exhausted, nothing is wanted: all desires are abolished, for they seem definitively fulfilled... A moment of affirmation; for a certain time, though a finite one, a deranged interval, something has been successful: I have been fulfilled (all my desires abolished by the plenitude of their satisfaction).”
― Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments

“We do not get to choose how we start out in life. We do not get to choose the day we are born or the family we are born into, what we are named at birth, what country we are born in, and we do not get to choose our ancestry. All these things are predetermined by a higher power. By the time you are old enough to start making decisions for yourself, a lot of things in your life are already in place. It’s important, therefore, that you focus on the future, the only thing that you can change.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Our way of thinking creates good or bad outcomes.”
― Stephen Richards

“Missing a train is only painful if you run after it! Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking.”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable

“The test of success is not what you do when you are on top. Success is how high you bounce when you hit the bottom.”
― George S. Patton Jr.

“Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you'd like to act.”
― Bob Dylan

“You differ from a great man in only one respect: the great man was once a very little man, but he developed one important quality: he recognized the smallness and narrowness of his thoughts and actions. Under the pressure of some task that meant a great deal to him, he learned to see how his smallness, his pettiness endangered his happiness. In other words, a great man knows when and in what way he is a little man. A little man does not know he is little and is afraid to know. He hides his pettiness and narrowness behind illusions of strength and greatness, someone else's strength and greatness. He's proud of his great generals but not of himself. He admires an idea he has not had, not one he has had. The less he understands something, the more firmly he believes in it. And the better he understands an idea, the less he believes in it.”
― Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!

“Inherited Will, The Destiny of the Age, and The Dreams of the People. As long as people continue to pursue the meaning of Freedom, these things will never cease to be!" - Gol D. Roger”
― Eiichiro Oda

“Whenever I am in a difficult situation where there seems to be no way out, I think about all the times I have been in such situations and say to myself, "I did it before, so I can do it again.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“When your back is to the wall and you are facing fear head on, the only way is forward and through it.”
― Stephen Richards, Releasing You from Fear

“Success comes from the inside out. In order to change what is on the outside, you must first change what is on the inside.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Vision without execution is just hallucination.”
― Henry Ford

“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Success is...
knowing your purpose in life,
growing to reach your maximum potential, and
sowing seeds that benefit others.”
― John C. Maxwell

“If you’re in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent.”
― Warren Buffett

“The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century

“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.”
― Reba McEntire

“Love yourself. Forgive yourself. Be true to yourself. How you treat yourself sets the standard for how others will treat you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.”
― Salvador Dali

“Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment”
― Oprah Winfrey

“Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.”
― Niccolo Machiavelli

“It's failure that gives you the proper perspective on success.”
― Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding

“If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Each new day is a blank page in the diary of your life. The secret of success is in turning that diary into the best story you possibly can.”
― Douglas Pagels

“Failure is constructive feedback that tells you to try a different approach to accomplish what you want.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.”
― Nathan W. Morris

“The money you make is a symbol of the value you create.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“At the end, someone or something always gives up. It is either you give up and quit or the obstacle or failure gives up and makes way for your success to come through.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for all Africans: How Every African Can Live the Life of Their Dreams

“There is no progress or accomplishment without sacrifice.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“It takes nothing to stay in poverty, but everything to break free from it.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for all Africans: How Every African Can Live the Life of Their Dreams

“Success is not obtained overnight. It comes in installments; you get a little bit today, a little bit tomorrow until the whole package is given out. The day you procrastinate, you lose that day's success.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Success will be within your reach only when you start reaching out for it.”
― Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free

“To dream of success is to set a goal of where you want to be; to wake up, take action, and achieve it is what true success is all about.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for all Africans: How Every African Can Live the Life of Their Dreams

“Men are born to succeed, not to fail.”
― Henry David Thoreau

“Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ”
― John R Wooden

“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
― Dr Roopleen, Words to inspire the winner in YOU

“But if you forgive someone for something they did to you, it doesn’t mean you agree with what they did or believe it was right. Forgiving that person means you have chosen not to dwell on the matter anymore; you have moved on with your life.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Before you can successfully make friends with others, first you have to become your own friend.”
― Stephen Richards

“When you work on something that only has the capacity to make you 5 dollars, it does not matter how much harder you work – the most you will make is 5 dollars.”
― idowu koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Today is a new day and it brings with it a new set of opportunities for me to act on.
I am attentive to the opportunities and I seize them as they arise.
I have full confidence in myself and my abilities.
I can do all things that I commit myself to.
No obstacle is too big or too difficult for me to handle because what lies inside me is greater than what lies ahead of me.
I am committed to improving myself and I am getting better daily.
I am not held back by regret or mistakes from the past.
I am moving forward daily.
Absolutely nothing is impossible for me.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter”
― Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power

“Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Judgment is a negative frequency.”
― Stephen Richards

“People don't need love. What they need is success in one form or another. It can be love but it needn't be.”
― Charles Bukowski, Factotum

“A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century

“Every single time you help somebody stand up you are helping humanity rise.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Act as if! Act as if you're a wealthy man, rich already, and then you'll surely become rich. Act as if you have unmatched confidence and then people will surely have confidence in you. Act as if you have unmatched experience and then people will follow your advice. And act as if you are already a tremendous success, and as sure as I stand here today - you will become successful.”
― Jordan Belfort, The Wolf of Wall Street

“One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.”
― Michelle Obama

“You’re frustrated because you keep waiting for the blooming of flowers of which you have yet to sow the seeds.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Decide what you want to be....
Pay the Price ...
And be what you want to be.”
― John A Widtsoe, In a Sunlit Land

“The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory. Thats the essence of it.”
― Vince Lombardi

“I do not like to repeat successes I like to go on to other things.”
― Walt Disney

“I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Let your creative and imaginative mind run freely; it will take you places you never dreamed of and provide breakthroughs that others once thought were impossible.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.”
― Mario Andretti

“Anyone who imagines they can work alone winds up surrounded by nothing but rivals, without companions. The fact is, no one ascends alone.”
― Lance Armstrong, It's Not about the Bike: My Journey Back to Life

“There are no secrets to success: don’t waste time looking for them. Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty to those for whom you work, and persistence.”
― Colin Powell

“Sure it could get rough sometimes, but life wasn't a Hollywood movie. Shit happened. You fought, you screamed, and somehow you worked like hell to get out the other side still intact.”
― Samantha Young, On Dublin Street

“Last night as I was sleeping, I dreamt --
O, marvelous error --
That there was a beehive here inside my heart
And the golden bees were making white combs
And sweet honey from all my failures.”
― Antonio Machado

“Your success and happiness lie in you.”
― Helen Keller

“It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. ”
― Anthony Robbins

“Be curious about the world in which you live. Look things up. Chase down every reference. Go deeper than anybody else--that's how you'll get ahead.”
― Austin Kleon, Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative

“As Aristotle said, 'Excellence is a habit.' I would say furthermore that excellence is made constant through the feeling that comes right after one has completed a work which he himself finds undeniably awe-inspiring. He only wants to relax until he's ready to renew such a feeling all over again because to him, all else has become absolutely trivial.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“It doesn't matter how great your shoes are if you don't accomplish anything in them.”
― Martina Boone, Compulsion

“Many times in life, we are held back from achieving our goals because we do not commit ourselves wholeheartedly. With an escape route in mind, we hold ourselves back from giving our all.”
― idowu koyenikan, All You Need Is a Ball: What Soccer Teaches Us about Success in Life and Business

“Don't set your goals by what other people deem important.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”
― Criss Jami, Venus in Arms

“The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The merit of all things lies in their difficulty.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers

“To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid - one must also be polite.”
― Voltaire

“Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“It is extraordinarily entertaining to watch the historians of the past ... entangling themselves in what they were pleased to call the "problem" of Queen Elizabeth. They invented the most complicated and astonishing reasons both for her success as a sovereign and for her tortuous matrimonial policy. She was the tool of Burleigh, she was the tool of Leicester, she was the fool of Essex; she was diseased, she was deformed, she was a man in disguise. She was a mystery, and must have some extraordinary solution. Only recently has it occrurred to a few enlightened people that the solution might be quite simple after all. She might be one of the rare people were born into the right job and put that job first.”
― Dorothy L. Sayers, Are Women Human? Astute and Witty Essays on the Role of Women in Society

“Who you are tomorrow begins with what you do today.”
― Tim Fargo

“Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.”
― Denis Waitley

“When emerging from humble beginnings, those around you tend to underestimate your authenticity because they knew you before you were 'somebody'.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action....no matter what.  So you're afraid? Be afraid.  Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“If you're not gonna go all the way, why go at all?”
― Joe Namath

“أتعلم لو كنت بقربي الآن ؟
لكنت ضممتك إلي بكل ما أوتيت من عشق وشوق إليك ..
ووضعت رأسي على قلبك الذي لطالما أدمنت هواه حد الثمالة !
وسألتك بوجع هذه الأرض وماحوت :
بربك لمَ أبعدتني عنك ؟”
― نجلاء حسن, طرف غترته

“When you go in search of honey, you must expect to be stung by bees.”
― Joseph Joubert

“There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Opinions are the cheapest commodities on earth. Everyone has a flock of opinions ready to be wished upon anyone who will accept them. If you are influenced by "opinions" when you reach DECISIONS, you will not succeed in any undertaking.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century

“REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESS

Before you were born,
And were still too tiny for
The human eye to see,
You won the race for life
From among 250 million competitors.
And yet,
How fast you have forgotten
Your strength,
When your very existence
Is proof of your greatness.
You were born a winner,
A warrior,
One who defied the odds
By surviving the most gruesome
Battle of them all.
And now that you are a giant,
Why do you even doubt victory
Against smaller numbers,
And wider margins?
The only walls that exist,
Are those you have placed in your mind.
And whatever obstacles you conceive,
Exist only because you have forgotten
What you have already
Achieved.

Poetry by Suzy Kassem”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Those who don't jump will never fly.”
― Leena Ahmad Almashat, Harmony Letters

“The most important thing is this: to sacrifice what you are now for what you can become tomorrow.”
― Shannon Alder

“There's no reason to have a plan B because it distracts from plan A.”
― Will Smith

“Early success is a terrible teacher. You're essentially being rewarded for a lack of preparation, so when you find yourself in a situation where you must prepare, you can't do it. You don't know how.”
― Chris Hadfield, An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth

“Even though our time in this life is temporary, if we live well enough, our legacy will last forever.”
― idowu koyenikan, All You Need Is a Ball: What Soccer Teaches Us about Success in Life and Business

“What is considered impossible is someone else’s opinion. What is possible is my decision.”
― idowu koyenikan, All You Need Is a Ball: What Soccer Teaches Us about Success in Life and Business

“The bird dares to break the shell, then the shell breaks open and the bird can fly openly. This is the simplest principle of success. You dream, you dare and and you fly.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Sometimes it is good to be in uncomfortable situations because it is in finding our way out of such difficulties that we learn valuable lessons.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Don't look so worried. Most successful missions are just a series of barely averted disasters.”
― Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night

“Acquiring wisdom is great but it is not the goal, applying it is.”
― idowu koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“When you fail, that is when you get closer to success.”
― Stephen Richards

“There is only one success-to be able to spend life in your own way.”
― Christopher Morley

“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
― Criss Jami, Venus in Arms

“The roughest roads often lead to the top.”
― Christina Aguilera

“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.”
― Beverly Sills

“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“You don't have to get a job that makes others feel comfortable about what they perceive as your success. You don't have to explain what your plan to do with your life. You don't have to justify your education by demonstrating its financial rewards. You don't have to maintain an impeccable credit score. Anyone who expects you to do any of those things has no sense of history of economics or science or the arts.”
― Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar

“The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces.”
― Will Rogers

“Don't worry about being effective. Just concentrate on being faithful to the truth.”
― Dorothy Day

“It’s a lack of clarity that creates chaos and frustration. Those emotions are poison to any living goal.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.”
― Henry Ford

“Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“You rarely win, but sometimes you do.”
― Harper Lee

“Nearly' only counts in horseshoes and hand-grenades.”
― Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book

“What do you mean I have to wait for someone's approval?  I'm someone.  I approve.  So I give myself permission to move forward with my full support!”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.”
― Robert Louis Stevenson

“If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“You have succeeded in life when all you really WANT is only what you really NEED.”
― Vernon Howard

“Never run from the enemy, tackle them”
― Victoria Addino

“Most men either compromise or drop their greatest talents and start running after, what they perceive to be, a more reasonable success, and somewhere in between they end up with a discontented settlement. Safety is indeed stability, but it is not progression.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Doing the tough things sets winners apart from losers.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”
― Maxwell Maltz

“ولو إستطعت أن أعود بعجلة الزمان إلى الوراء ،
لما إخترتك لي عاشقاً !
ولأبقيتك عابراً غريباً يزور مدائني
دون أن يحدث بداخلي أي ضجيج !”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“If you think you can then you can.”
― Stephen Richards

“No guts, no story.”
― Chris Brady

“To burn always with this hard gemlike flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.”
― Walter Pater, The Renaissance: Studies in Art and Poetry

“Stop waiting for the perfect day or the perfect moment... Take THIS day, THIS moment and lead it to perfection.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Never feel shame for trying and failing for he who has never failed is he who has never tried.”
― Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World

“A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failures certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.”
― Alexandre Dumas

“Success is a great deodorant.”
― Elizabeth Taylor

“Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“...it is well known that a vital ingredient of success is not knowing that what you're attempting can't be done.”
― Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites

“I am struck by how sharing our weakness and difficulties is more nourishing to others than sharing our qualities and successes.”
― Jean Vanier, Community And Growth

“Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.”
― Anna Quindlen

“No other success can compensate for failure in the home.”
― J. E. McCulloch

“The line between failure and success is so fine. . . that we are often on the line and do not know it.”
― Elbert Hubbard

“He will know from and early age that failure is not disgrace. It's just a pitch that you missed, and you'd better get ready for the next one. The next one might be the shot heard round the world. My son and I are Americans, we prepare for glory by failing until we don't.”
― Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot

“When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.”
― Jordan Belfort

“Lack of confidence, sometimes alternating with unrealistic dreams of heroic success, often leads to procrastination, and many studies suggest that procrastinators are self-handicappers: rather than risk failure, they prefer to create conditions that make success impossible, a reflex that of course creates a vicious cycle.”
― James Surowiecki

“The secret to success is constancy of purpose.”
― Benjamin Disraeli

“The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.”
― Bob Ross

“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.”
― Harshit Walia

“Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.”
― Jess C. Scott, Clear: A Guide to Treating Acne Naturally

“Learn to adapt. Things change, circumstances change. Adjust yourself and your efforts to what it is presented to you so you can respond accordingly. Never see change as a threat, because it can be an opportunity to learn, to grow, evolve and become a better person.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“Writing is really just a matter of writing a lot, writing consistently and having faith that you'll continue to get better and better. Sometimes, people think that if they don't display great talent and have some success right away, they won't succeed. But writing is about struggling through and learning and finding out what it is about writing itself that you really love.”
― Laura Kasischke

“Whatever you do, do it with purpose. Being focused is not something to be ashamed of. It is something to be proud of. When you know what are you are doing and have a clear vision of where you are going, you will not need to chase opportunities. Opportunities will seek you. Happiness will chase you. And, instead of being a choice, you will be the one choosing.”
― Najwa Zebian, Mind Platter

“Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Today is the only day in which we have any power.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“No one can travel so far that he does not make some progess each day. So let us never give up. Then we shall move forward daily in the Lord's way. And let us never despair because of our limited success. Even though it is so much less than we would like, our labour is not wasted when today is better than yesterday!”
― John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion

“Small shifts in your thinking, and small changes in your energy, can lead to massive alterations of your end result.”
― Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams

“Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“When we start being too impressed by the results of our work, we slowly come to the erroneous conviction that life is one large scoreboard where someone is listing the points to measure our worth. And before we are fully aware of it, we have sold our soul to the many grade-givers. That means we are not only in the world, but also of the world. Then we become what the world makes us. We are intelligent because someone gives us a high grade. We are helpful because someone says thanks. We are likable because someone likes us. And we are important because someone considers us indispensable. In short, we are worthwhile because we have successes. And the more we allow our accomplishments — the results of our actions — to become the criteria of our self-esteem, the more we are going to walk on our mental and spiritual toes, never sure if we will be able to live up to the expectations which we created by our last successes. In many people’s lives, there is a nearly diabolic chain in which their anxieties grow according to their successes. This dark power has driven many of the greatest artists into self-destruction.”
― Henri J.M. Nouwen, Out of Solitude: Three Meditations on the Christian Life

“The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.”
― Habeeb Akande

“Some say if you want success surround yourself with successful people. I say if you want true and lasting success surround yourself with people of integrity.”
― Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life

“Judging is preventing us from understanding a new truth. Free yourself from the rules of old judgments and create the space for new understanding.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Your life is a print-out of your thoughts.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“I was taught to strive not because there were any guarantees of success but because the act of striving is in itself the only way to keep faith with life.”
― Madeleine Albright, Madam Secretary: A Memoir

“Don't be afraid of failure. This is the way to succeed.”
― LeBron James, Shooting Stars

“The bottom line is, insults only hurt when they come from someone I respect.”
― Kresley Cole

“You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong.”
― Warren Buffett

“I never fail. It's just that the people around me succeed more than I.”
― Carroll Bryant

“With one day's reading a man may have the key in his hands.”
― Ezra Pound

“If you don’t know exactly where you’re going, how will you know when you get there?”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“There is absolutely no greater high than challenging the power structure as a nobody, giving it your all, and winning!”
― Abbie Hoffman

“If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.”
― Brad Szollose

“You will find the key to success under the alarm clock.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“God’s word is not just to be heard and repeated, it is to be breathed, lived, and emulated with each action.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.”
― Max Planck, Where is Science Going?

“It is not a failure to readjust my sails to fit the waters I find myself in.”
― Mackenzi Lee, The Lady's Guide to Petticoats and Piracy

“Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying basic fundamentals.”
― E. James Rohn

“Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.”
― Steve Maraboli

“If you want to give yourself a fair chance to succeed, never expect too much too soon”
― Po Bronson

“Almost anyone can be an author; the business is to collect money and fame from this state of being.”
― A.A. Milne, Not That It Matters

“What you perceive as a failure today may actually be a crucial step towards the success you seek. Never give up.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
― Sanhita Baruah

“How to win in life:
1 work hard
2 complain less
3 listen more
4 try, learn, grow
5 don't let people tell you it cant be done
6 make no excuses”
― Germany Kent

“Flaming enthusiasm, backed by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.”
― Dale Carnegie

“Do you love yourself enough to BE what you love yourself enough to WANT?”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“As naturally as the ruled always took the morality imposed upon them more seriously than did the rulers themselves, the deceived masses are today captivated by the myth of success even more than the successful are. Immovably, they insist on the very ideology which enslaves them. The misplaced love of the common people for the wrong which is done to them is a greater force than the cunning of the authorities.”
― Theodor Adorno, Dialectic of Enlightenment: Philosophical Fragments

“Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.”
~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I think for anyone to become good at something, they have to fail a lot too. And they have to be completely unafraid to fail or they'll never make it to the next level.”
― Amy Schumer, The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo

“What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise”
― Oscar Wilde

“The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.”
― Bruce Feirstein

“Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. If we do our best, we are a success.”
― Zig Ziglar

“How would your life be different if…You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today be the day…You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“To laugh often and much; to win the respect of the intelligent people and the affection of children; to earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate beauty; to find the beauty in others; to leave the world a bit better whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition; to know that one life has breathed easier because you lived here. This is to have succeeded.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“You've been given the innate power to shape your life...but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it...BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!”
― Steve Maraboli

“You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“I cannot say this too strongly: Do not compare yourselves to others. Be true to who you are, and continue to learn with all your might.”
― Daisaku Ikeda, Discussions on Youth

“You are where you are right now because of the actions you've taken, or maybe, the inaction you've taken.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.”
― John D. Rockefeller

“Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don't settle for them.”
― Mia Hamm

“Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“NEVER be surprised by your own success!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Don't waste your time hating a failure. Failure is a greater teacher than success. Listen, learn, go on.”
― Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype

“You can have it all, just not all at the same time.”
― Betty Friedan

“To become successful, one must put themselves in the paths of giants!”
― Lillian Cauldwell

“Sometimes not getting what you want is a brilliant stroke of luck.”
― Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success

“Sometimes success demands a certain refined insanity.”
― Isobelle Carmody, The Keeping Place

“Success is the progressive realization of a worthy ideal”
― Thomas S. Monson

“...success is not a comparison of what we have done with what others have done.”
― Myles Munroe, Understanding Your Potential - Discovering the Hidden You

“The problem for a lot of people is that they don't really know what they want. They have vague desire: to 'do something creative' or to earn more money or 'to be free', but they can't really pin down what it is precisely that they want.
So they drift from one thing to another, enjoying some moments and hating others, but never really finding fulfillment or success. (..)
This is why it's hard to lead a successful life (whatever that means to you) when you don't know what you want.”
― John C. Parkin, F**k It: The Ultimate Spiritual Way

“Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want.”
― Anthony Robbins

“If you feel obsessed to prove something to the world,
then you'd need world attention to be able to prove it.”
― Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. ”
― Will Rodgers, The Wit and Wisdom of Will Rogers in His Own Voice

“People can change anything they want to, and that means everything in the world. ”
― Joe Strummer

“Failure is always an option”
― Adam Savage

“My life changed the day I moved beyond just wishing for things and I started earning them. That is the day I learned that we don't get what we wish for, we get what we work for.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The only real battle in life is between hanging on and letting go.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“so here i sit. a sum of the parts. about a third way down this wonderful path, so to speak. and i've been thinking lately about a friendship that fell apart with time, with distance, and with the misunderstanding of youth. i'm trying not to confuse sadness with regret. not the easiest thing at times. i dont regret that certain things happened. i understand that perhaps i had a choice in the matter, or perhaps i believe in fate. probably not, but so far actions as small as the quickest glance to events as monumental as death have pushed me slowly along to right here, right now. there was no other way to get here. the meandering and erratic path was actually the straightest of lines. take away a handful of angry words, things once thought of as mistakes or regrets, and i'm suddenly a different person with a different history, a different future. that, i would regret. so here i sit. thinking about a person i once called my best friends. a man who might be full of sadness and regret, who might not give a damn, or who might, just might, remember the future and realize that's where its at.”
― chris wright

“The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want.”
― Patrick Swayze

“We set out to save the Shire, Sam and it has been saved - but not for me.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“Sky is not a limit for me; because I have no limit for myself in life. Because life is a world full of risk taking and possibilities. No matter how hard or easy life is; I will always find a way to enjoy myself; even in the mist of circumstances; because problems is a sense of adventure in sheep's clothing.”
― Temitope Owosela

“Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.”
― Ingrid Bergman

“Success comes in a lot of ways, but it doesn't come with money and it doesn't come with fame. It comes from having a meaning in your life, doing what you love and being passionate
about what you do. That's having a life of success. When you have the ability to do what you love, love what you do and have the ability to impact people. That's having a life of success. That's what having a life of meaning is.”
― Tim Tebow

“Go as far as you can see and you will see further.”
― Zig Ziglar

“Stop allowing your day-to-day life to be clouded by busy nothingness.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Play around. Dive into absurdity and write. Take chances. You will succeed if you are fearless of failure.”
― Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within

“At any given moment the choice to be happy is present- we just have to choose to be happy.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Happiness simply cannot be relied upon as a measure of success.”
― John C. Maxwell, Your Road Map for Success: You Can Get There from Here

“Diligence is the mother of good fortune.”
― Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra

“Your agreement with reality defines your life.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“...If there is no risk, there is no reward.”
― Christy Raedeke, The Daykeeper's Grimoire

“Stop lying to yourself. When we deny our own truth, we deny our own potential.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The most critical time in any battle is not when I’m fatigued, it’s when I no longer care.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Success is a poor teacher”
― Robert Kiyosaki, Cashflow Quadrant: Rich Dad's Guide to Financial Freedom

“Change is in the air. This change reminds us that we are made and beautifully sculpted by the same power that orchestrates the change of season. Let this be the season you embrace and align yourself with this change.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Participate in your own dreams, don’t just say what you want or complain about what you don’t have.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“أنا أخبئ بين أقفاص صدري أوجاع نساء الأرض ودموع الصغار ،
أنا أحمل على عاتقي خيبات ثكلى !
وفي حنجرتي تستقر حشرجة حزن مدوية ..
أنا الأنثى التي تقام كل ليلة على مدائن قلبها
مآتم الخذلان !
وبالرغم من ذلك الأسى المفرط .. .
تبتسم وتمضي دونما إكتراث !”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it's something you do.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“If you really want to eat, keep climbing. The fruits are on the top of the tree. Stretch your hands and keep stretching them. Success is on the top, keep going.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.”
― Confucius, The Sayings of Confucius

“No matter how good you get you can always get better, and that's the exciting part.”
― Tiger Woods

“Chanel is an institution, and you have to treat an institution like a whore – and then you get something out of her”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Beware of those who criticize you when you deserve some praise for an achievement, for it is they who secretly desire to be worshiped.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“When the actions becomes frequent than the words, success becomes heavier than the dreams. Do more, say less.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“If life didn’t give you at least one person not wanting you to succeed then half of us would lose are motivation to climb that cliff, in order to prove them wrong.”
― Shannon Alder

“Success is counted sweetest
By those who ne’er succeed.
To comprehend a nectar
Requires sorest need.”
― Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson

“It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.”
― Germany Kent

“The only guarantee for failure is to stop trying”
― John C. Maxwell

“If you can't do great things, Mother Teresa used to say, do little things with great love. If you can't do them with great love, do them with a little love. If you can't do them with a little love, do them anyway.
Love grows when people serve.”
― John Ortberg, The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You

“You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them.”
― Albert Camus

“Failure is a greater teacher than success”
― Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype

“Be an opener of doors”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Fashion does not have to prove that it is serious. It is the proof that intelligent frivolity can be something creative and positive”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“It is a common condition of being poor... you are always afraid that the good things in your life are temporary, that someone can take them away, because you have no power beyond your own brute strength to stop them.”
― Rick Bragg

“The backbone of success is...hard work, determination, good planning, and perserverence.”
― Mia Hamm

“Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think. So start each day by thinking of all the things you have to be thankful for. Your future will depend very largely on the thoughts you think today. So think thoughts of hope and confidence and love and success.”
― Dale Carnegie

“اعذرني !!
لن ألوث طهري ونقائي لمجرد إرضائك ،
ولن أدنس مبادئي لأكسب شرف قربك مني ..
ولن أنزع رداء الطفولة من روحي من ذاتي من وجداني ..
لأكون في نظرك أنثى كاملة النضوج
هذه أنا إن أردتني بطهري بطفولتي بنقائي بوفائي بعطائي !!
وإن لم ترغب بنجلائك كما هي ..
إذهب إليهن وغادرني
فكثيرات ياسيدي من هن بحجم رغباتك !
وقليلات / قليلات من هن بحجم نقائي !”
― نجلاء حسن, طرف غترته

“Constantly stopping to explain oneself may expand into a frustrating burden for the rare individual, so ceasing to do so is like finally dropping the weights and sprinting towards his goals. Those who insincerely misunderstand, who intentionally distort the motives of a pure-intentioned individual, then, no longer have the opportunity to block his path; instead, they are the ones left to stand on the sidelines shouting frustratedly in the wind of his trail.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Live your vision and demand your success.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Then what is good? The obsessive interest in human affairs, plus a certain amount of compassion and moral conviction, that first made the experience of living something that must be translated into pigment or music or bodily movement or poetry or prose or anything that's dynamic and expressivee--that's what's good for you if you're at all serious in your aims. William Saroyan wrote a great play on this theme, that purity of heart is the one success worth having. "In the time of your life--live!" That time is short and it doesn't return again. It is slipping away while I write this and while you read it, the monosyllable of the clock is Loss, loss, loss, unless you devote your heart to its opposition.”
― Tennessee Williams

“How many people you bless is how you measure success”
― Rick Ross

“Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.”
― Albert Einstein

“Moods can be contagious. Don't catch or spread a bad mood.”
― Marilyn Suttle

“You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“For some unknown reason, success usually occurs in private, while failure occurs in
full view.”
― Jill Shalvis, The Sweetest Thing

“Men love women who are courageous for it means they can go all the way with him in his pursuit of his good dreams and intentions.”
― Agu Jaachynma N.E.

“What do you think will be more effective when it comes to succeeding, believing you can or KNOWING you will? Let today be the last day you took timid steps of belief and start taking confident steps of purpose-driven knowing!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Success ... seems to be connected with action. Successful men keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.”
― Conrad Hilton

“Don't think that just because you made it to the next level that the haters and naysayers disappear. Remember, new levels bring new devils.”
― Steve Maraboli

“ Before I ever knew what the word Entrepeneur was, I realized in America and in the Western part of the world in general, you are given the opportunity to be whatever you want to be. And that is all anyone should ever expect from the Capitalist system. The rest is up to you.

It's up to you to educate yourself.

It's up to you to learn speaking skills and people skills.

It's up to you to try (and usually fail, but to try again) all sorts of ventures.

The rest is a combination of hard work, being at the right place ...at the right time...with the right thing...oh yes...and more (never ending) hard work.”
― Gene Simmons

“Busy with the ugliness of the expensive success
We forget the easiness of free beauty
Lying sad right around the corner,
Only an instant removed,
Unnoticed and squandered.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Success and failure, ultimately, have little to do with living the gospel. Jesus just stood with the outcasts until they were welcomed or until he was crucified — whichever came first.”
― Gregory Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of Boundless Compassion

“Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“There are going to be times when you learn more about the world you’re entering and feel defeated when you see the gap between the ideal and the reality… But that’s something we’ll all face. The people that face those obstacles and overcome them are people whose dreams come true.”
― Tsugumi Ohba, Bakuman, Volume 3: Debut and Impatience

“I believe that you're great, that there's something magnificent about you. Regardless of what has happened to you in your life, regardless of how young or how old you think you might be, the moment you begin to think properly, there's something that is within you, there's power within you, that's greater than the world. It will begin to emerge. It will take over your life. It will feed you. It will clothe you. It will guide you, protect you, direct you, sustain your very existence, if you let it. Now, that is what I know for sure.”
― Michael Beckwith

“Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel important." Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.”
― Mary Kay Ash

“According to the moral absolutism that characterizes McCandless's beliefs, a challenge in which a successful outcome is assured isn't a challenge at all.”
― Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild

“We may place blame, give reasons, and even have excuses; but in the end, it is an act of cowardice to not follow your dreams.”
― Steve Maraboli

“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.

If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Perfection' is man's ultimate illusion. It simply doesn't exist in the universe.... If you are a perfectionist, you are guaranteed to be a loser in whatever you do.”
― David D. Burns

“Your dream is a reality that is waiting for you to materialize. Today is a new day! Don’t let your history interfere with your destiny! Learn from your past so that it can empower your present and propel you to greatness”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“You’ve got to be sure of yourself before
You can ever win a prize.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century

“Why are you going to choose failure when success is an option?”
― Jillian Michaels

“أمقت تلك المسافات التي تفصلني عنك ،
أتذمر من تلك المواقيت التي تسرقني منك ..
أسخط على أعين تتأملك / على أنامل تلمسك
على أنفاسك وهي تستنشقك !
على نبضاتك وهي تستشعرك ، على ثيابك وهي تعانقك”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“A lack of clarity could put the brakes on any journey to success.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“To do more for the world than the world does for you - that is success.”
― Henry Ford

“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don’t just exist through it - LIVE through it!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable”
― Thomas Fowell Buxton

“We must transcend the illusion that money or power has any bearing on our worthiness as children of God.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.”
― Will Rogers

“Who is willing to be satisfied with a job that expresses all his limitations? He will accept such work only as a 'means of livelihood' while he waits to discover his 'true vocation'. The world is full of unsuccessful businessmen who still secretly believe they were meant to be artists or writers or actors in the movies.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“I don't do that kind of negativity. If you put your energy into thinking about how much the fall would hurt, you're already halfway down.”
― Tana French, Broken Harbour

“There's nothing in the world that breeds success like success.”
― Bob Ross

“You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“If failure has the strength to turn your life into bitterness itself, then patience has the strength to turn your life into the sweetest joy. Do not surrender to fate after a single failure. Failure, at most, precedes success.”
― Sri Chinmoy

“More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.”
― Orrin Woodward

“From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.”
~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive”
― Aaron Lauritsen

“Rise to the challenge of bringing your dreams to life! Do not be discouraged by resistance, be nourished by it. Success is the experience of rising to the level of your true greatness.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“They say you should know your limits and work within them. But how can you really know your limits unless you try to expand them?”
― Jonathan Cainer

“A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“An average man is egoistic, proud and has strong self esteem. They always require partners who massage their ego not those who will drag their ego to the mud.”
― Agu Jaachynma N.E.

“When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you'll find a way to get it.”
― Jim Rohn

“Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go… you are a part of everything.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Like poetry, fashion does not state anything. It merely suggests”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“You cannot continue on the same path and arrive at a different destination. Make the choice to have your actions reflect your goals.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“The speed of your success is limited only by your dedication and what you're willing to sacrifice”
― Nathan W. Morris

“Stop just cheering for others who are living their visions. Commit yourself to your own success and follow the steps required to achieve it.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Although goals are important, having a plan of action is vital to the success of those goals. Having a goal with no plan of action is like wanting to travel to a new destination without having a map.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Don't tie your success to anything other than what's inside you”
― Debra Anastasia, Poughkeepsie

“In theory, the risk of business failure can be reduced to a number, the probability of failure multiplied by the cost of failure. Sure, this turns out to be a subjective analysis, but in the process your own attitudes toward financial risk and reward are revealed.

By contrast, personal risk usually defies quantification. It's a matter of values and priorities, an expression of who you are. "Playing it safe" may simply mean you do not weigh heavily the compromises inherent in the status quo. The financial rewards of the moment may fully compensate you for the loss of time and fulfillment. Or maybe you just don't think about it. On the other hand, if time and satisfaction are precious, truly priceless, you will find the cost of business failure, so long as it does not put in peril the well-being of you or your family, pales in comparison with the personal risks of no trying to live the life you want today.

Considering personal risk forces us to define personal success. We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game. Personal goals, on the other hand, leave us on our own, without this habit of useless measurement and comparison.

Only the Whole Life Plan leads to personal success. It has the greatest chance of providing satisfaction and contentment that one can take to the grave, tomorrow. In the Deferred Life Plan there will always be another prize to covet, another distraction, a new hunger to sate. You will forever come up short.”
― Randy Komisar, The Monk and the Riddle: The Education of a Silicon Valley Entrepreneur

“If you think someone or something other than yourself is responsible for your happiness or success, I'd guess you're not that happy or successful.”
― Rob Liano

“There is nothing worse for the lying soul than the mirror of reality.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Too much action with too little intent makes for wasteful exertion of energy and the confusion between movement and progress.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Success is the best revenge.”
― Kanye West

“Whether you try too hard to fit in or you try too hard to stand out, it is of equal consequence: you exhaust your significance.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“I believe that anyone can be successful in life, regardless of natural talent or the environment within which we live. This is not based on measuring success by human competitiveness for wealth, possessions, influence, and fame, but adhering to God's standards of truth, justice, humility, service, compassion, forgiveness, and love.”
― Jimmy Carter, Our Endangered Values: America's Moral Crisis

“Free yourself from the inauthenticity and disempowerment of your story.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one ... quitting!”
― Gerard de Marigny, The Watchman of Ephraim

“You have to be uncomfortable in order to be successful, in some ways. If you stay in your comfort zone! You would never do the things that you need to do.”
― Lights Poxlietner

“No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Action is the universal language of success.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“There is no tomorrow and there was no yesterday; if you truly want to accomplish your goals you must engulf yourself in today.”
― Noel DeJesus

“If you want good luck; you must go out there and search for that luck!! Because luck is waiting for you to look for it.”
― Temitope Owosela

“People who work in an environment where doing their best is recognized have a better chance of feeling good about their work.”
― Marilyn Suttle

“True friends don't come with conditions.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Sometimes failure is the beginning of success”
― Astrid Scholte, Four Dead Queens

“I will eliminate hatred, envy, jealousy, selfishness, and cynicism, by developing love for all humanity, because I know that a negative attitude toward others can never bring me success. I will cause others to believe in me, because I will believe in them, and in myself.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century

“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.”
― Benjamin Disraeli

“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.”
― Dale Carnegie

“The way to wealth is as plain as the way to market. It depends chiefly on two words, industry and frugality: that is, waste neither time nor money, but make the best use of both. Without industry and frugality nothing will do, and with them everything.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“Success doesn't come to you; you go to it.”
― T. Scott McLeod

“It is said we learn more from our failures than our successes.”
― Holly Black, The Wicked King

“The road to success is always under construction.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“The difference between Success and failure is not giving up.”
― steven redhead, The Solution

“No matter how dim the light filtering through the trees is, you can still try your best to grasp it. -Kaien Cross”
― Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight, Vol. 16

“إحدى يديه كانت منهمكة بالعبث في خصلات شعري
والأخرى كان ينفث بها سيجارته ،
إلتقطتها منه بغضب وبإمتعاض ممقوت
وهمست له :
دعها تلك اللعينة فلن أسمح بأن تشاركني فيك !”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“If at first you don't succeed, remove all evidence you ever tried. ”
― David Brent

“بربك لا تبكِ بكاء المظلوم !
إن زرت أوطاني يوماً ولمحت نوافذ إنتظاري مغلقة
وأبواب فقدي لك مؤصدة ،
بربك لا تبكِ بكاء المظلوم !
إن إحتفلوا بيوم ميلادك وبحثت عن صوتي بينهم ..
ولم تجده ؟ وبحثت عن هداياي من بين هداياهم ولم تصلك”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“It's not always that we need to do more but rather that we need to focus on less.”
― Nathan W. Morris

“Do not get obsolete like an old technology, keep innovating yourself.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Success to me is being happy, truly fulfilled, being proud of myself, and doing different things all the time.”
― Leighton Meester

“I have some advice for the young generation who are wanting to become successful in life: become more grateful. Once you do that, Allah says, "If you are grateful, I will surely increase you (in everything)." If you're having a hard time in math, science, language and whatever else, become grateful to Allah and He will open doors for you. You'll even get better at basketball and become more athletic. I pray that Allah makes you grateful young people who are examples for others all over the world, ameen.”
― Nouman Ali Khan

“There's no talent here, this is hard work. This is an obsession. Talent does not exist, we are all equals as human beings. You could be anyone if you put in the time. You will reach the top, and that's that. I am not talented. I am obsessed.”
― Conor McGregor, Notorious

“If at first you don't succeed, lower you expectations”
― Jonathan Tropper, This is Where I Leave You

“Many people succeed when others do not believe in them. But rarely does a person succeed when he does not believe in himself.”
― Herb True

“The number of ways to live in one lifetime is limitless. So why limit yourself?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Prepare yourself for success. You have to see it coming to get there.”
― Destiny Booze

“Now I know what success is: living your truth, sharing it.”
― Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth

“In a situation of manipulation, the Left is almost always tempted by a “quick return to power,” forgets the necessity of joining with the oppressed to forge an organization, and strays into an impossible “dialogue” with the dominant elites. It ends by being manipulated by these elites, and not infrequently itself falls in an elitist game, which it calls “realism.”

Manipulation, like the conquest whose objectives it serves, attempts to anesthetize the people so they will not think. For if the people join to their presence in the historical process critical thinking about that process, the threat of their emergence materializes in revolution…One of the methods of manipulation is to inoculate individuals with the bourgeois appetite for personal success. This manipulation is sometimes carried out directly by the elites and sometimes indirectly, through populist leaders.”
― Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed

“The success of my rule does not rely on my ability to recite obscure Latin verse.”
― Sherry Thomas, The Burning Sky

“* نجلاء ..
نجلااااء ...
نجلااااااااء ... .
- الساعة الآن التاسعة صباحاً إنهضي
وإنفضي عن وسادتكِ رذاذ الأحلام ،
كان هذا صوتها أمي لتفيقني من ذاك
الحلم الذي كنت أهذي به كل ليلة !
تمنيت حينها لو أصيبت ذاكرتي بغيبوبة عن
واقع لا يحتويه ،
عن واقع لا يعانق وجوده !
أفقت وكعادتي أمضي إلى طريق مجهول
ومسافات غريبة أحمل حقائب أحلامي
وأجمع بها لوحاتي وأمل أتسكع به
على دهاليز مدينتي الباريسية !”
― نجلاء حسن, قلب صام عن هوى الرجال

“Society functions in a way much more interesting than the multiple-choice pattern we have been rewarded for succeeding at in school. Success in life comes not from the ability to choose between the four presented answers, but from the rather more difficult and painfully acquired ability to formulate the questions.”
― David Mamet, The Secret Knowledge: On the Dismantling of American Culture

“Success in this world depends on knowing exactly how little effort each job is worth...distribution of energy...”
― Evelyn Waugh, Vile Bodies

“Great losses are great lessons.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“We're all to driven by materialism. Obsessed with success. With money. With trying to impress people who'll never be impressed.”
― Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic Ties the Knot

“The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Do not dilute the truth of your potential. We often convince ourselves that we cannot change, that we cannot overcome the circumstances of our lives. That is simply not true. You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life. But you can't just wish it, you can't just hope it, you can't just want it... you have to LIVE it, BE it, DO it.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“I don't know where this pressure came from. I can't blame my parents because it has always felt internal. Like any other parent, my mother celebrated the A grades and the less-than-A grades she felt there was no need to tell anybody about. But not acknowledging the effort that ended in a less than perfect result impacted me as a child. If I didn't win, then we wouldn't tell anyone that I had even competed to save us the embarrassment of acknowledging that someone else was better. Keeping the secret made me think that losing was something to be ashamed of, and that unless I was sure I was going to be the champion there was no point in trying. And there was certainly no point to just having fun.”
― Portia de Rossi, Unbearable Lightness: A Story of Loss and Gain

“It's no use saying, "We are doing our best." You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.”
― Winston S. Churchill

“When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“Remember how far you’ve come, and you won’t have to rely on a destiny for your future. It will come on your own.”
― Shannon A. Thompson, Seconds Before Sunrise

“What good has impatience ever brought? It has only served as the mother of mistakes and the father of irritation.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Just pick a goal and stick to it―no big complicated secret.”
― Richelle Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“The French say you get hungry when you’re eating, and I get inspired when I’m working. It’s my engine”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you have to overcome to reach your goals.”
― Booker T. Washington

“If at first you don’t succeed, you’re doing it wrong. Learn from the experience. Try again, but with a different approach.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you… and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life… and you lead.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Success has always been the greatest liar - and the "work" itself is a success; the great statesman, the conqueror, the discoverer is disguised by his creations, often beyond recognition; the "work," whether of the artist or the philosopher, invents the man who has created it, who is supposed to have create it; "great men," as they are venerated, are subsequent pieces of wretched minor fiction”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil

“There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.”
― Bobby Orr

“This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The people we consider successful in our society are all people that seize every moment and make the best of each situation.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“It is important that when we make a resolution, or establish a goal, that we take the ACTION necessary to accomplish that goal.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Everything is easier said than done. Wanting something is easy. Saying something is easy. The challenge and the reward are in the doing.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“to be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running”
― Richard Branson, Losing My Virginity: How I've Survived, Had Fun, and Made a Fortune Doing Business My Way

“While others were dreaming about it - I was getting it done.”
― Nathan W. Morris

“The possibility of the dream gives strength.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes.”
― Denis Waitley

“There will be times in your life when things simply have to be replaced because they are tired, broken, worn out, harmful, outdated, or irrelevant. Take an inventory of the things that no longer serve your best and highest good so you can replace them with things which do.”
― Susan C. Young

“Stunt dwarf or destroy the imagination of a child and you have taken away its chances of success in life. Imagination transforms the commonplace into the great and creates the new out of the old.”
― L. Frank Baum

“If a writer of prose knows enough about what he is writing about he may omit things that he knows and the reader, if the writer is writing truly enough, will have a feeling of those things as strongly as though the writer had stated them. The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water. A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing. A writer who appreciates the seriousness of writing so little that he is anxious to make people see he is formally educated, cultured or well-bred is merely a popinjay. And this too remember; a serious writer is not to be confounded with a solemn writer. A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.”
― Ernest Hemingway

“Never mind those failures till yesterday. Each new day is a sequel of a wonderful life; gifted with hopes to succeed.”
― Aniruddha Sastikar

“Remember, results aren't the criteria for success — it's the effort made for achievement that is most important.”
― John Wooden, Coach Wooden's Pyramid of Success: Building Blocks for a Better Life

“Plant your tiny seeds and keep watering them every day. Soon, they’ll grow.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You

“Eighty percent of success is just showing up.”
― Stephen King, Mr. Mercedes

“Stop trying to 'fix' yourself; you're NOT broken! You are perfectly imperfect and powerful beyond measure.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse.”
― Rudyard Kipling

“سؤال دائما ما يطرح نفسه فى حياتنا.. ليه كل ما هو "صح" و "كويس" و "مفيد" صعب؟ و ليه كل ما هو "غلط" و "وحش" و "مؤى" سهل؟”
― عمرو سلامة, شاب كشك في رحلة البحث عن الجادون

“Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The empowered woman is powerful beyond measure and beautiful beyond description.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“A confident woman wears a smile and has this air of comfortability and pleasantness about her.”
― Agu Jaachynma N.E.

“You were born a winner, a warrior, one who defied the odds by surviving the most gruesome battle of them all - the race to the egg. And now that you are a giant, why do you even doubt victory against smaller numbers and wider margins? The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Whenever you should doubt your self-worth, remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“You become what you think about”
― Napoleon Hill, Success Through a Positive Mental Attitude

“Luck is a word the bitter teach to the ignorant.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Notice the difference between being in control and needing control.”
― Marilyn Suttle

“Challenges in life can either enrich you or poison you. You are the one who decides.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If there were a master of stupidity in this world,
I would really love to listen to his success story.”
― Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident], Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“Before the fruits of prosperity can come, the storms of life need to first bring the required rains of testing, which mixes with the seeds of wisdom to produce a mature harvest.”
― Lincoln Patz

“A person who makes few mistakes makes little progress.”
― Bryant McGill

“Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If you can transcend from the dark rut of disempowered thinking to the bright light of an empowered agreement with reality, you will see opportunities not barriers. You will see the finish line, not the hurdles.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.”
― Helen Keller

“Success sometimes may be defined as a disaster put on hold. Qualified. Has to be.”
― Nadine Gordimer, Get a Life

“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”
― Dr Roopleen

“Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, On Eagles Wings:Rise

“You‘ve been given the innate power to shape your life.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“There is little success where there is little laughter.”
― Andrew Carnegie

“You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“You think intelligence and grit can succeed by themselves, but I'm telling you that's a pretty illusion.”
― Nancy Kress, Steal Across the Sky

“There are many, many, many worlds branching out at each moment you become aware of your environment and then make a choice.”
― Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams

“Sometimes I feel proud of myself, not because of any success I’ve achieved, but because I’m aware of all the difficulties that I have suffered or went through.

I’m an eyewitness at all the fear, weakness, frustration, failure, depression, refraction and bad luck moments that I’ve been through alone and which affected significantly but never was able to beat me for so long.

This is why I’m proud, because I’m here now stronger that yesterday, I'm still able to stand and continue on my way, still following up my dreams, still trying my best to build better future for me and my family and I will never ever give up!”
― Shadi Kamal Kandil

“Every conscious thought you have, every moment you spend on an idea, is a commitment to be stuck with that idea and with aspects of that level of thinking, for the rest of your life. Spending just 10 seconds focusing on a topic that does not serve your interests is to invest your energy along a path that will continue to draw from you and define you.”
― Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams

“Sure I am this day we are masters of our fate, that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance. As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.”
― Winston S. Churchill

“It is safer to search in the maze than to remain in a cheeseless situation”
― Spencer Johnson, Who Moved My Cheese?

“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents’ prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .”
― Ali Shariati

“To be successful, one has to be one of three bees - the queen bee, the hardest working bee, or the bee that does not fit in.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.”
― Anthony Robbins, Unlimited Power: The New Science Of Personal Achievement

“You have to take your own bold approach, and if you do you will be rewarded with success.
Or calamitous failure. That can happen too.”
― Steven Moffat

“Have you found someone to share your heart with? Are you giving to your community? Are you at peace with yourself? Are you trying to be as human as you can be?”
― Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie

“Every flower blooms at a different pace.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“At any given point you can release your greatest self. Don’t let anyone hold you back. Don’t let anyone dilute you. Don’t be peer pressured into being less than you are. People willing to dilute themselves for the sake of others is one of the great tragedies of our time. Stop letting others define and set the pace for your life. Get out there and be your best. Do your best. Live your best. Make every day count and you’ll see how exponentially more exciting, thrilling, successful, happy and full your life will be.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“There are many people, particularly in sports, who think that success and excellence are the same thing. They are not the same thing. Excellence is something that is lasting and dependable and largely within a person's control. In contrast, success is perishable and is often outside our control. If you strive for excellence, you will probably be successful eventually. People who put excellence in the first place have the patience to end up with success. An additional burden for the victim of the success mentality is that he is threatened by the success of others and he resents real excellence. In contrast, the person that is fascinated by quality is excited when he sees it in others.”
― Joe Paterno

“If you have to ask if you’ve done enough, you haven’t. Each day brings with it the opportunity to do more than you did yesterday.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“There is no secret ingredient”
― Mr Ping, Po's father

“Powerful words come with powerful intent. Where you have passion, strength, courage, and determination you can accomplish anything!”
― K.L. Toth

“Recognize that throughout this beautiful day,you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Once you can write an alphabet, you can write a book of 100 million pages. It's just a matter of believing it as possible, and taking the cross millimetre by millimetre.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Living as we do in an age of noise and bluster, success is now measured accordingly. We must all be seen, and heard, and on the air.”
― Daphne du Maurier, The "Rebecca" Notebook: And Other Memories

“If you have money, power, and status today, it is due to the century and place in which you were born, to your talents and capacities and health, none of which you earned. In short, all your resources are in the end the gift of God.”
― Timothy Keller, Generous Justice: How God's Grace Makes Us Just

“Intent without dedicated action is simply not enough. Action without a clear intent is a waste. It is when these two powerful forces are aligned that the energy of the universe conspires in your favor.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“Where would his torture be, indeed, if at every step the hope of succeeding upheld him?”
― Albert Camus

“Should-haves solve nothing. It's the next thing to happen that needs thinking about.”
― Alexandra Ripley, Scarlett

“If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule. NEVER TO LIE TO YOURSELF.”
― Paulo Cohelo

“The time has come to harness the blessed power within us and to use it to transcend from our current existence into a more empowered reality.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free

“practice only envisioning yourself at the finish line and be unrelenting and fervent in racing towards that finish line. Undue preoccupation and fixation with the how's, whens, and what ifs will not only derail and further distance you from your destination, but will also feed your mind with those fatal seeds of doubt that make failure inevitable" ~ Awaken and Unleash your Victor”
― Ogor Winnie Okoye

“It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“It is not enough to be busy; so are the ants. The question is: What are we busy about?”
― Henry David Thoreau

“I tell you, life is extraordinary. A few years ago I couldn’t write anything or sell anything, I’d passed the age where you know all the returns are in, I’d had my chance and done my best and failed. And how was I to know the miracle waiting to happen round the corner in late middle age? 84, Charing Cross Road was no best seller, you understand; it didn’t make me rich or famous. It just got me hundreds of letters and phone calls from people I never knew existed; it got me wonderful reviews; it restored a self-confidence and self-esteem I’d lost somewhere along the way, God knows how many years ago. It brought me to England. It changed my life.”
― Helene Hanff, The Duchess of Bloomsbury Street

“Creativity is the brain's invisible muscle -- that when used and excercised routinely -- becomes better and stronger.”
― Ashley Ormon

“Failures make you humble, they make you realize that you are not the center of the world, proving that we are all alike, and they also shower you with wisdom. That’s why I have always been a great fan of failures as they offer you more than success can.”
― Neeraj Agnihotri, Procrasdemon - The Artist's Guide to Liberation From Procrastination

“The power behind taking responsibility for your actions lies in putting an end to negative thought patterns. You no longer dwell on what went wrong or focus on whom you are going to blame. You don't waste time building roadblocks to your success. Instead, you are set free and can now focus on succeeding.”
― Lorii Myers

“The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“You don't believe that your friend could ever do anything great. You despise yourself in secret, even – no, especially – when you stand on your dignity; and since you despise yourself, you are unable to respect your friend. You can't bring yourself to believe that anyone you have sat at table with, or shared a house with, is capable of great achievement. That is why all great men have been solitary. It is hard to think in your company, little man. One can only think 'about' you, or 'for your benefit', not 'with' you, for you stifle all big, generous ideas.”
― Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!

“No human ever became interesting by not failing. The more you fail and recover and improve, the better you are as a person. Ever meet someone who’s ALWAYS had EVERYTHING work out for them with ZERO struggle? They usually have the depth of a puddle. Or they don’t exist.”
― Chris Hardwick

“Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“Some people talk about other people’s failures with so much pleasure that you would swear they are talking about their own successes.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“What is success? It is being able to go to bed each night with your soul at peace”
― Paulo Coelho

“if you gone come in second, you're just the first loser!”
― Tiger Woods

“It is true that success is the most boring thing, it is tinny and brittle, failure runs deeper. Success is dangerous. I have a very complicated relationship with that word.”
― Arundhati Roy

“Beware of those who are bitter, for they will never allow you to enjoy your fruit.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.”
― Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish

“How many of us stop short of success on purpose? How many of us sabotage our own happiness because failure, while miserable, is a fear we're familiar with? Success, however, dreams come true, are a whole new kind of terrifying, an entire new species of responsibilities and disillusions, requiring a new way to think, act and become. Why do we REALLY quit? Because it's hopeless? Or because it's possible...”
― Jennifer DeLucy

“You must immerse yourself in your work. You have to fall in love with your work … You must dedicate your life to mastering your skill. That’s the secret of success.”
― Chef Jiro

“Forget about style; worry about results. ”
― Bobby Orr

“You cannot score a goal when you are sitting on the bench. To do so, you have to dress up and enter the game.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Once you figure out what you want in life—expect nothing less.”
― Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success

“Success is not determined by the outcome. The outcome is the result of having already decided that you are successful to begin with.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“Her failure was a useful preliminary to success.”
― Edith Wharton, The Custom of the Country

“He shrugged his shoulders to shift the pain of failure---the pain that is so much greater than the pleasure of success.”
― Ian Fleming, Moonraker

“Some people will insult your intelligence by suddenly being nice or nicer to you once you make it … or they think you have.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks and courage. ”
― Charles Luckman

“Racing is about discipline and intelligence, not about who has the heavier foot. The one who drives smart will always win in the end.”
― Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain

“One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!”
― Dr. C. Moorer, From Failure to Promise: An Uncommon Path to Professoriate

“FOCUS = Follow On Course Until Successful.”
― Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha

“The logic of worldly success rests on a fallacy: the strange error that our perfection depends on the thoughts and opinions and applause of other men!”
― Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain

“Los Angeles is a town where status is all and status is only given to success. Dukes and millionaires and playboys by the dozen may arrive and be glad-handed for a time, but they are unwise if they choose to live there because the town is, perhaps even creditably, committed to recognising only professional success, and nothing else, to be of lasting value. The burdensome obligation imposed on all its inhabitants is therefore to present themselves as successes, because otherwise they forfeit their right to respect in that environment ... There is no place in that town for the "interesting failure" or for anyone who is not determined on a life that will be shaped in a upward-heading curve.”
― Julian Fellowes, Past Imperfect

“5 Ways To Build Your Brand on Social Media:

1 Post content that add value
2 Spread positivity
3 Create steady stream of info
4 Make an impact
5 Be yourself”
― Germany Kent

“Optimists move through life with a happy exterior. What happens on the inside shows up on the outside.”
― Marilyn Suttle

“Success, for most people, requires unlearning as much as learning.”
― Orrin Woodward, LIFE

“With sticky thinking you can become unstuck!”
― Stephen Richards

“To get what you want, you have to deserve what you want. The world is not yet a crazy enough place to reward a whole bunch of
undeserving people.”
― Charles T. Munger

“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
― Dr Roopleen

“6 Ways To Give Your Mind A Break:

1. Stop stressing
2. Stop worrying
3. Give rest to the problems weighing you down
4. Lighten up
5. Forgive yourself
6. Forgive others”
― Germany Kent

“Without struggle, success has no value.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Quitting is never an option on the road to success. Find the way forward. If you have a positive mindset and are willing to persevere, there is little that is beyond your reach. The attitude of being ready to work even in the face of challenges and despite odds is what will make all the difference in your life.”
― Roopleen

“Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.”
― Arnold H. Glasow

“The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“When you give appreciation IN ORDER TO get something– it's manipulation and people can sense it. Appreciate genuinely.”
― Marilyn Suttle

“You have had a dream for so many years. Let today be the day you make a plan for it. Just think about how much more likely you are to hit your target when you finally aim at it.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“The key to flow is to pursue an activity for its own sake, not for the rewards it brings.”
― Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking

“Isana felt her throat tighten.
"We failed." Serai lifted her chin and patted Isana's arm firmly.
"We have not yet succeeded. There is a difference.”
― Jim Butcher, Academ's Fury

“The elegance under pressure is the result of fearlessness.”
― Ashish Patel

“When your intentions are pure, so too will be your success.”
― Charles F. Glassman MD

“Once you understand how powerful you are within, you exponentially increase the power and potentiality of everything outside of you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If we are looking for insurance against want and oppression, we will find it only in our neighbors' prosperity and goodwill and, beyond that, in the good health of our worldly places, our homelands. If we were sincerely looking for a place of safety, for real security and success, then we would begin to turn to our communities - and not the communities simply of our human neighbors but also of the water, earth, and air, the plants and animals, all the creatures with whom our local life is shared.
(pg. 59, "Racism and the Economy")”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“Never allow your desires to lead you away from God; allow nothing else to control you other than God and His Word. No matter what you see or pass through, don’t allow them to define you.”
― Agu Jaachynma N.E.

“That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.”
― Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish

“I dont write books so that you can be fascinated with me. I write them so you can be fascinated with YOU!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“It's impossible to walk through solid rock... You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.”
― J.M. Dattilo

“Patience is a virtue not a vice.”
― Agu Jaachynma N.E.

“I suppose the secret of his success is in his tremendous idleness which almost approaches the supernatural.”
― Lawrence Durrell, Justine

“Dear Fellow Human Being,

You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!

Tell yourself,

You do not deserve this!

All those toxic words you have to listen from people,

All those fears they try to pin on your mind,

All those giggles they aim at your dreams,

All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality,

All those fingers pointing towards your crude character,

All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations,

All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free,

Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it.

My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility.

You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!”
― Jasz Gill

“Do the best you can, with what you can, while you can, and success in inevitable.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“We can’t continuously be a society of well-wishers. We must take action to bring those wishes to fruition.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it’s something you do.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Discovering While Doing Is Natural...
But,Doing Immediately After Discovering Is The Attitude of Winners!”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“If a craftsman wants to do good work, he must first sharpen his tools.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“We cannot reach the pinnacle except by taking advantage of the abilities we have and acquiring those that we do not.”
― Muhammad Adb Al-Rahman Al-Arifi, Enjoy Your Life

“I haven't failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that don't work.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“You only struggle because you're ready to grow but aren't willing to let go.”
― Drew Gerald

“Happiness is something we reap from the seeds we sow. Plant misery seeds and that us what you reap.”
― Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free

“We live in a system that espouses merit, equality, and a level playing field, but exalts those with wealth, power, and celebrity, however gained.”
― Derrick Bell, Ethical Ambition: Living a Life of Meaning and Worth

“Don't wait for other people to be loving, giving, compassionate, grateful, forgiving, generous, or friendly... lead the way!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”
― Germany Kent

“What I have achieved by industry and practice, anyone else with tolerable natural gift and ability can also achieve.”
― J. S. Bach

“Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Rich will be my life if I
can keep my memories full
and brimming, and record
them on clear-eyed
mornings while I set
joyously to work setting
pen to holy craft.”
― Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy

“Have more humility. Remember you don't know the limits of your own abilities. Successful or not, if you keep pushing beyond yourself, you will enrich your own life – and maybe even please a few strangers.”
― A.L. Kennedy

“Hope and faith goes hand-in-hand, because without hope there is no faith. The same goes with want and needs, without any wants, there no need to have a need”
― Temitope Owosela

“No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success; If he thinks he is a winner, then he is.”
― Robert W. Service

“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Know what you want and reach out eagerly for it.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.”
― Josh Billings

“Even if you are on the right track, but just sit there, you will still get run over.”
― Will Rogers

“For me, Chanel is like music. There are certain notes and you have to make another tune with them”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Our moral economy went bankrupt long before our financial one.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If you have a success you have it for the wrong reasons. If you become popular it is always because of the worst aspects of your work.”
― Ernest Hemingway

“It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.”
― Roger Babson

“An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds of success.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“When we give ourselves permission to fail..we at the same time, give ourselves permission to excel.”
― Eloise Ristad

“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
― Roy Bennett

“Before you were born, and were still too tiny for the human eye to see, you won the race for life from among 250 million competitors. And yet, how fast you have forgotten your strength, when your very existence is proof of your greatness.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Don't be in a hurry to achieve your dreams. Take a day to play with your kids and relax - your dreams will still be there tomorrow.”
― Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success

“Do not let your good ideas to spend your brain energy, do it with all the effort because the shadow of the success can become a reality only with hard work.”
― Isra

“success awaits those who steadfastly commit to any requisite sacrifice”
― Ken Poirot

“If you won’t trust yourself, nobody else will.”
― Anamika Mishra

“Big things begin with big thinking.”
― Kent Healy

“Some people only dream of success… while others wake up and use Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!

“Never allow the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!”
― Babe Ruth

“To become a master at any skill, it takes the total effort of your: heart, mind, and soul working together in tandem.”
― Maurice Young

“Success teaches us nothing; only failure teaches.”
― Hyman G. Rickover

“All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.”
― Orison Swett Marden

“Success is not what you have done compared to what others have done. Success is what you have done compared to what you were supposed to do.”
― Tony Evans

“The fishing is best where the fewest go and the collective insecurity of the world makes it easy for people to hit home runs while everyone is aiming for base hits.”
― Timothy Ferriss

“Success goes to the ones who do. Get up. Show up. Throw up if you have to. Do it afraid, but do it no matter.”
― Toni Sorenson

“How we feel is not who we are. We might feel like failures, but as long as we are still trying, we are not failures. We are works in progress.”
― Toni Sorenson

“An intelligent woman is a goldmine! She has the ability to learn, reason and understand things better and faster than her contemporaries. She is competent, alert and can reason out stuffs easily.”
― Agu Jaachynma N.E.

“For the rest of history, for most of us, our bright promise will always fall short of being actualised; it will never earn us bountiful sums of money or beget exemplary objects or organisations....

Most of us stand poised at the edge of brilliance, haunted by the knowledge of our proximity, yet still demonstrably on the wrong side of the line, our dealings with reality undermined by a range of minor yet critical psychological flaws (a little too much optimism, an unprocessed rebelliousness, a fatal impatience or sentimentality). We are like an exquisite high-speed aircraft which for lack of a tiny part is left stranded beside the runway, rendered slower than a tractor or a bicycle.”
― Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work

“When we fail, our pride supports us, and when we succeed it betrays us.”
― Charles Colton

“Some of the most powerful speeches I have given have been delivered in the dedicated silence of my actions.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Do not let your grand ambitions stand in the way of small but meaningful accomplishments.”
― Bryant McGill

“Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.”
― George Alexiou

“Timing, perseverance, and ten years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success.”
― Biz Stone

“The key ingredient to any kind of happiness or success is to never give less than your best”
― Russell Simmons

“I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E., The Best Option

“The condition and characteristic of an uninstructed person is this: he never expects from himself profit (advantage) nor harm, but from externals. The condition and characteristic of a philosopher is this: he expects all advantage and all harm from himself.”
― Epictetus, Enchiridion and Selections from the Discourses

“Life is a web of intersections and choices. Your 1st choice is to recognize an intersection. Your 2nd choice is to be grateful for it.”
― Ryan Lilly

“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavour.”
― Truman Capote

“Some people dream of SUCCESS while other wake up and work hard at it.”
― Barbara Rubel

“The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“As an Odd-Fish, it is not my job to be right,' said Sir Oort. 'It is my job to be wrong in new and exciting ways.”
― James Kennedy

“How would your life be different if...you had a plan of action towards your goals? Let today be the day...You stop allowing your days to be stolen by busy nothingness and take calculated steps towards your goals.”
― Steve Maraboli, The Power of One

“Credentials are like potential energy, the compliments of a name on paper, in documents, word of mouth, but faith is like kinetic energy, the motion and the force that which is witnessed. Hence in the end it is the faith rather than the credentials that really takes you places.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“If your failure is not a lesson, it's indeed a failure.”
― Ogwo David Emenike, The Fortune in Failing: Decoding the Message of Failure

“Be aware that how you feel has a direct impact on your thinking process. When we set standards for ourselves they seem objective, but standards and goal-setting are totally subjective and personal." From The Biology of Success.”
― Robert Arnot

“And for all those years, we never talked about the disaster at the recital or my terrible accusations afterward at the piano bench. All that remained unchecked, like a betrayal that was now unbreakable. So I never found a way to ask her why she had hoped something so large that failure was inevitable. And even worse, I never asked her what frightened me the most: Why had she given up hope?”
― Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club

“You are successful if you are able to work on the kind of material that you want to - if your life conforms to your dreams, regardless of outside acceptance or acclaim.”
― James Franco

“Success is not to discover what others like, it is to acquire and practise the skills that help one gain their love.”
― Muhammad Adb Al-Rahman Al-Arifi, Enjoy Your Life

“If you find yourself drawn to an event against all logic, go. The universe is telling you something.”
― Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road

“Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.”
― Charlotte Eriksson

“Opportunity doesn't make appointments, you have to be ready when it arrives.”
― Tim Fargo

“Separate yourself from those who hinder your vision. Make a choice to walk away from the trap set to ensnare you. Realize when someone is pulling you backwards every time you take a step forward. Separate from them and the result of your action will be a life of success.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Reconnect with the highest truth and ignite the divine sparks in you.”
― Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step

“Encouragement is like water to the soul, it makes everything grow.”
― Chris Burkmenn

“Don't try to follow trends. Create them.”
― Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish

“A dream is a seed.
Vision plants it.
Imagination nurtures growth.
Opportunities create blooms.
Thoughts become things!”
― Donna McGoff

“Marriage is the union of two 'I's to form a 'V'. Both 'I's have to tilt equally to make a good 'V'. 'I's standing tall can never make a 'V'.”
― Ashok Kallarakkal

“Every achievement is a servitude. It compels us to a higher achievement.”
― Albert Camus

“Formal education and current position can define your worthiness. What makes you extraordinary is defined by your attitude towards others.”
― Ashish Patel

“Some people have just rented your body to live in it for sometime and depart. Others consider you as a permanent residence to dwell in forever. Which ever, you must remember to accommodate all those who want to be accommodated. Be each other's keeper”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Ambition is not what a man would do, but what a man does, for ambition without action is fantasy.”
― Bryant McGill

“But in the military you don't get trusted positions just because of your ability. You also have to attract the notice of superior officers. You have to be liked. You have to fit in with the system. You have to look like what the officers above you think that officers should look like. You have to think in ways that they are comfortable with.

The result was that you ended up with a command structure that was top-heavy with guys who looked good in uniform and talked right and did well enough not to embarrass themselves, while the really good ones quietly did all the serious work and bailed out their superiors and got blamed for errors they had advised against until they eventually got out.

That was the military.”
― Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow

“A master in the art of living draws no sharp distinction between her work and her play; her labor and her leisure; her mind and her body; her education and her recreation. She hardly knows which is which. She simply pursues her vision of excellence through whatever she is doing, and leaves others to determine if she is working or playing. To herself, she always appears to be doing both.”
― Francois Rene De Chateaubriand

“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Success and failure come and go, but don't let them define you. It's who you are that matters.”
― Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth

“Success is assured when a person fears the pain of regret more than the pain of the process.”
― Orrin Woodward

“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”
― Ryan Lilly

“Nothing succeeds like success.”
― Alexandre Dumas, Ange Pitou

“As much as I would really like to have saved myself heartache, embarrassment or gossip, I also know that my biggest mistakes have turned into my best lessons. And sometimes my greatest career triumphs. If my life had been turbulence-free, maybe my music would be beige, maybe the stadiums wouldn’t be full and the mantle would be a little more empty.”
― Taylor Swift

“And the thing is, we can’t fail. We’ve already hit the bottom and come out of it. From here on out, if we just love and listen, we can’t go wrong, babe.”
― Erin McCarthy, Hot Finish

“You see it as me going back. I see it as me staying on track.”
― Germany Kent

“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
― Roy Bennett

“Those who reach for the Sun, usually drop the world.”
― Lionel Suggs

“Let us waste no further time looking for the secret of success or the key to happiness. Already the door is open and whosoever will may enter.”
― Ernest Holmes, The Science of Mind

“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
― Roy Bennett

“No amount of reading or memorizing will make you successful in life. It is the understanding and application of wise thought that counts." -Bob Proctor”
― Bob Proctor

“Unbreakable, would you thought they called me Mr. Glass
Look back on my life like the ghost of Christmas past
Toys R Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire”
― Kanye West

“Happy people produce. Bored people consume.”
― Stephen Richards

“No matter how small you start, always dream big.”
― Stephen Richards

“Fortunate are those who take the first steps.”
― Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept

“So, I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.”
― Charles Dickens, Great Expectations

“That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Stuff your brain with knowledge.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“Any fool can hope when success lies plainly in view. It wants genuine strength to hope when matters are hopeless.”
― Michael Flynn, Eifelheim

“There is a difference between talented people and gifted people.Talented people are good AT something; Gifted people ARE that something.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Success is a decision, not a gift.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“My dreams are worthless, my plans are dust, my goals are impossible.

All are of no value unless they are followed by action.”
― Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World

“Don't nourish your fears more than you nourish your hopes.”
― Steve Maraboli

“No one can take the shot for you.”
― Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success

“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”
― Steve Pavlina

“Success is realising the true joy and wonder of life can only be yours if you follow your own intuition, aiming to achieve your bliss.”
― Steven Redhead, The Solution

“A knock down has never been a knockout unless you allow it.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Nothing makes a person desire improvement like failure”
― Chris Stocking

“For some people, their fear to lose is greater than their desire to succeed, so they end up doing nothing and their dreams become impossible.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“I believe that everyone should have a dream and believe in it. Make it real, bring it to life. You'll never regret trying. Trying is what strengthens your heart and delivers courage. Once you believe in yourself, nothing can stop you.”
― Richard Denney

“The really essential factors of success in any undertaking are money and opportunity, and as a rule, the man who can make the first can make the second.”
― Dorothy L. Sayers, Whose Body?

“Imagine in vibrant, wonderful detail your heart’s desire—a reality only you can envision, an adventure only you can direct.
Then cradle your creation. Caress it. Mold it. Coddle it until it comes to life.
And when your precious treasure grows so grand as to steal your breath away, set it free for all the world to experience. For that is how you live your dreams.”
― Richelle Goodrich, Eena, The Curse of Wanyaka Cave

“Doubts in your mind are a much greater roadblock to success than obstacles on the journey.”
― Orrin Woodward, LIFE

“When the awareness of what is achievable brushes your life, your journey has begun.”
― Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success

“A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.”
― Christian Nestell Bovee

“Don`t allow ignorance to further enslave your destiny.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“It's better to dare to dream big and achieve half of your dreams than to dream small dreams and achieve all”
― Bernard Kelvin Clive, Your Dreams Will Not Die

“The disempowered mind believes dreams come true; the empowered mind knows you bring your dreams to life.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Moving forward implies MOTION when in all actuality it may be simply standing STILL and seeing the salvation of the Lord.”
― John Paul Warren

“Why be a man when you can be a success.”
― Bertolt Brecht

“If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Yes, a deep lesson from the postage stamp. It attaches itself to a moveable material, the envelope and gets going. A good relationship keeps you going forward; a bad one keeps you static. Attach yourself to someone who is also going forward and you will also get there.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“When you know you can do something, and you feel good about yourself, you do not have to devalue others.”
― John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That

“We all have our youthful follies, embarassing to recall -- but people somehow find it hard to dismiss as a youthful folly anything that has happened to be a financial success.”
― John Wyndham, The Day of the Triffids

“Reconnect to what makes you happy and brings you Joy. If there is something that used to make you happy which you have stopped doing, do it again. Seek to find deeper meaning and significance rather than living on the surface.”
― Susan C. Young

“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
― Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen

“The grandest ambition that any man can possibly have, is to so live, and so improve himself in heart and brain, as to be worthy of the love of some splendid woman; and the grandest ambition of any girl is to make herself worthy of the love and adoration of some magnificent man. That is my idea. There is no success in life without love and marriage. You had better be the emperor of one loving and tender heart, and she the empress of yours, than to be king of the world. The man who has really won the love of one good woman in this world, I do not care if he dies in the ditch a beggar, his life has been a success.”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty Of Man, Woman And Child

“This is an inevitable and easily recognizable stage in every revolutionary movement: reformers must expect to be disowned by those who are only too happy to enjoy what has been won for them.”
― Doris Lessing

“It's the place built out of Man's ceaseless failure to overcome himself. Out of Man's endless war against himself we build our successes as well as our failures. Making it the city of all cities most like Man himself— loneliest creation of all this very old poor earth.”
― Nelson Algren, Chicago: City on the Make

“If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.”
― Sidney Madwed

“Don’t grieve when people fail to recognize your ability. Grieve for your lack of ability instead.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.”
― Ryan Lilly

“Momentum builds success.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.”
― Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish

“I'm happy for all who reached for the stars happily and successfully.”
― Ana Monnar

“The noble-minded worry about their lack of ability, not about people’s failure to recognize their ability.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“When a man finds this kind of woman, he will go all out for her knowing that she will not be a letdown.”
― Agu Jaachynma N.E.

“I'd rather strive for the kind of interview where instead of me asking to introduce myself to society, society asks me to introduce myself to society.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“With adequate planning, passion and perseverance, you can achieve the God-given goals.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”
― Roy Bennett

“The way into the hall of success always passes through the chamber of decision. Decide to be a success; success is deliberate!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes

“There's sometimes a tugging feeling you get to push further when you aren't being challenged enough or when things get too comfortable.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“You cannot control the past but you have control over the life you build going forward.”
― Nancy D. Butler, Above All Else, Success in Life and Business

“Make plans for your new goals. And press towards achieving the goals with all your strength.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Sometimes, you have to step into oblivion, in order to paint success.”
― Lionel Suggs

“We should learn to smile as we fall,
So much so as when we have it all.”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job

“Ephron insisted, "It will be a little messy, but embrace the mess. It will be complicated, but rejoice in the complications. It will not be anything like what you think it will be like, but surprises are good for you. And don't be frightened: you can always change your mind. I know: I've had four careers and three husbands.”
― Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead

“Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
― Roy Bennett

“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
― Roy Bennett

“Cultivate an optimistic mind, use your imagination, always consider alternatives, and dare to believe that you can make possible what others think is impossible.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats. Yet each struggle, each defeat, sharpens your skills and strengths, your courage and your endurance, your ability and your confidence and thus each obstacle is a comrade-in-arms forcing you to become better... or quit. Each rebuff is an opportunity to move forward; turn away from them, avoid them, and you throw away your future.”
― Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World

“The true measure of a man is not what he dreams, but what he aspires to be; a dream is nothing without action. Whether one fails or succeeds is irrelevant; all that matters is that there was motion in his life. That alone affects the world.”
― Mike Norton, White Mountain

“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts; it gives you what you demand with your actions. In essence, you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Success and failure are two edges of the same blade, two sides of the same coin. To fear one is to forever deny the possibility of the other.”
― Michelle Sagara West, Cast in Courtlight

“Erase self-doubt by working to build your strengths instead of focusing on your weaknesses.”
― Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes

“Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.”
― Fadi Hattendorf

“Whoever submits himself to a super-discipline can expect great triumphs.”
― Samael Aun Weor

“If one felt successful, there'd be so little incentive to be successful.”
― Alain de Botton

“Friendship is not by force but by choice.
You can never please everybody, he who aims to please everybody will end up pleasing nobody.”
― Stella Oladiran, Winning Formulas

“Do ordinary things extraordinarily well.”
― Gregg Harris

“It’s a shame how much artists have to bleed for people to enjoy their work.”
― Solange nicole

“Victory does not come to cowards;it comes to the brave ones.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Athletes who are able to stay completely focused in pursuit of their dreams are the ones that are most likely to become champions.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Success for a woman means absolute surrender, in whatever direction. Whether she paints a picture, or loves a man, there is no division of labor possible in her economy. To the attainment of any end worth living for, a symmetrical sacrifice of her nature is compulsory upon her.”
― Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, The Story of Avis

“Life may bring you to your knees; pray. Then GET UP and participate in the answer. BECOME the remedy! BE the solution!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“It's not so much what you accomplish. But what's more important is how far you've come to accomplish what you have.
Success is the measure of not mere achievement, but also how hard one had to work.”
― Therone Shellman

“God doesn't like it when we ask Him for the smallest things, dare to make your dream so big that He can conveniently fit into it and make your dream come true.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E., The Best Option

“What have you gained since you haven't prayed? What will you lose if you pray?”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E., The Best Option

“the old maxim... "there are three things necessary to success in life--Impudence! Impudence! Impudence!”
― william hazlitt

“The way to be nothing is to do nothing”
― Nathaniel Howe

“Satisfaction in life doesn't jump on you, you work for it, you earn it. You will not sit in a place, fold your hands and expect to be satisfied with life.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E., The Best Option

“hard work + smart work = eye caching success, shortcut is not ever”
― Chiranjit Paul

“Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If all the world's a stage, I suggest you start performing at your best.”
― Rob Liano

“Destiny, Talent, Calling, purpose. each of us came with our Talents, Purpose and Calling. What you do with them is the summary of your life here on earth.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E., Risk It, Be Different

“Dont struggle for salary.. DO struggle for Success..”
― Bhadra

“It is our action that determines the viability of our dream.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.”
― Bunker Hunt

“The greatest reward for a man's failure is not necessarily the consequent success, but what he becomes by it.”
― Ogwo David Emenike, The Fortune in Failing: Decoding the Message of Failure

“We do not live to think, but, on the contrary, we think in order that we may succeed in surviving.”
― José Ortega y Gasset

“Two types of choices seem to me to have been crucial in tipping the outcomes [of the various societies' histories] towards success or failure: long-term planning and willingness to reconsider core values. On reflection we can also recognize the crucial role of these same two choices for the outcomes of our individual lives.”
― Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed

“Determination, effort, and practice are rewarded with success.”
― Mary Lydon Simonsen, The Perfect Bride for Mr. Darcy

“It was ironic, but when you scratched the surface, most successful men were working for one thing only--to retire--and the sooner the better. Whereas women were the complete opposite. She had never heard a woman say she was working so she could retire to a desert island or to live on a boat. It was probably, she thought, because most women didn't think they deserved to do nothing.”
― Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle

“Strength and success - they are above morality, above criticism. It seems, then, that it is not what you do, but how you do it and what you call it. Is there a check in men, deep in them, that stops or punishes? There doesn't seem to be. The only punishment is for failure. In effect no crime is committed unless a criminal is caught.”
― John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent

“Success nullifies. You then have to do it again, preferably differently”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Becoming well known (at least among your prospects & connections) is the most valuable element in the connection process.”
― Jeffrey Gitomer

“There are three qualities that every individual must have to achieve success: a Monk’s patience, a Warrior’s courage, a Child’s imagination.”
― Sharad Vivek Sagar

“When you’re busy, avoid taking the quickest action. Instead make the extra effort to truly serve the customer.”
― Marilyn Suttle

“It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“If you are a success in life, there are places you must go and pay to be humiliated. It is an unwritten law that human beings must be tormented throughout their lives in one way or another. If you are fortunate enough to have risen to a social level where no one does it to you for free, then you must pay for the service. ”
― Jonathan Carroll, White Apples

“In Paris, where raillery is so quick to throw emotion out the window, silence, in a roomful of clever people after a story, is the most flattering of all marks of success”
― Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly

“Success certainly isn’t achievement of popularity. Success in God’s kingdom is loving God, loving one another, and being faithful to what He’s called us to do.”
― Gabriel Wilson

“Success is more a function of consistent common sense than it is of genius.”
― An Wang

“The futility of action does not absolve one from the failure to act. -”
― Janette Turner Hospital , The Last Magician

“Run wild and free like a waterfall”
― Anamika Mishra

“Do an evening review at the end of the day to reflect on what went well, and what you'd do differently next time.”
― Marilyn Suttle

“The goal of retirement is to live off your assets-not on them”
― Frank Eberhart

“You have had many successes, and you have earned the right to be respected.”
― Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace

“The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication. ”
― Cecil B. DeMille

“Sharing your success with others reveals your true humanity. Don't ever be afraid to open your heart to that practice. It has made all the world of difference to me.”
― Andrea Michaels, Reflections Of A Successful Wallflower: Lessons In Business; Lessons In Life

“No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.”
― Brandi L. Bates, Moonshine For The Soul: A Path to Strength, Wisdom, Growth, Health & Happiness

“I am learning, and I believe I shall do quite well.”
― Shannon Drake, Reckless

“One person's success doesn't take away from your own.”
― Jeremy Piven

“[T]he concern of man is not his future but his present, not the world but his soul. We must be just, we must strive, we must engage ourselves with the business of the world for our own sake, because through that, and through contemplation in equal measure, our soul is purified and brought closer to the divine. ... Thought and deed conjoined are crucial. ... The attempt must be made; the outcome is irrelevant. Right action is a pale material reflection of the divine, but reflection it is, nonetheless. Define your goal and exert reason to accomplish it by virtuous action; successs or failure is secondary.”
― Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio

“Visionary decision-making happens at the intersection of intuition and logic.”
― Paul O'Brien, Great Decisions, Perfect Timing: Cultivating Intuitive Intelligence

“When I was small I felt like a Superhero as my father threw me up in the air.
Now after reaching this success peak I unmask - Real Superhero made me Superhero!”
― Hasil Paudyal

“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
― Roy Bennett

“The greater the success, the closer it verges on failure.”
― Robert Bresson, Notes on the Cinematographer

“Self determination is greatest will power.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“Every man has a specific skill, whether it is discovered or not, that more readily and naturally comes to him than it would to another, and his own should be sought and polished. He excels best in his niche - originality loses its authenticity in one's efforts to obtain originality.”
― Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile

“Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart.”
― Ziad K. Abdelnour

“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
― Dee Dee Artner

“Stop worrying about someone taking your spot. God already have it reserved. Do the work to get there and fill it!”
― Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried: A Memoir

“Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Achieving success is a challenge but so is struggling so you may as well choose success. ”
― Rob Liano

“The ultimate story of success: When a nobody, who has never once in his entire life known the feeling of being remembered or respected, suddenly snaps and becomes a world dictator. On one hand it sounds just, but on the other, it illustrates the reason why a prosperity message has and needs its limitations.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
― Dee Dee Artner

“You can be sure of succeeding in your attacks if you only attack places which are undefended.You can ensure the safety of your defense if you only hold positions that cannot be attacked.”
― Sun Tzu, The Art of War

“You know you made it, when your friends tell their friends that you are their friend.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“If you drop your beliefs, you drop your success. God's mighty people begin to fall even as achievers when they begin to drop the beliefs they pursue at first.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes

“You know you made it, when people you know, tell people they know, that you know them.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Not every hen lay eggs. Not every hen that lays eggs gets them hatched. Not everyone born with greatness becomes as such. Go, hatch your eggs.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes

“Take action! An inch of movement will bring you closer to your goals than a mile of intention.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Sina jinsi. Nguzo ya maisha yangu ni historia ya maisha yangu. Historia ya maisha yangu ni urithi wa watu waliojifunza kusema hapana kwa ndiyo nyingi – waliojitolea vitu vingi katika maisha yao kunifikisha hapa nilipo leo – walionifundisha falsafa ya kushindwa si hiari. Siri ya mafanikio yangu ni kujitahidi kwa kadiri ya uwezo wangu wote; au 'pushing the envelope' kwa lugha ya kigeni.”
― Enock Maregesi

“The strength of every individual is the grace for great work.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“A lot of people come up here and they thank Jesus for this award. I want you to know that no one had less to do with this award than Jesus. He didn't help me a bit. If it was up to him, Cesar Millan would be up here with that damn dog. So all I can say is, 'suck it, Jesus! This award is my God now'!”
― Kathy Griffin

“If you're always following the crowd, you will never truly know who you are. Walk your own path.”
― Julian Pencilliah

“The awful penalty of success is the haunting dread of subsequent failure.”
― A.C. Benson, Escape and Other Essays

“The fundamental virtue of success is that it allows you to know the true significance of what it means to have the freedom to make your dreams come true.”
― Stacy Keach

“Real success is not rooted in positions, places or possessions, but in fulfilment of God's purposes for our lives.”
― Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha

“To soar, we must leave anything that weighs us down...”
― Saru Singhal, Rousing Cadence

“Even if you do nothing, say nothing and be nothing, there will still be many who will criticise you. It is much better to be criticised for success than be condemned for failures because success rids you of the many miseries of life.”
― Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership

“Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder

“The mind is the mine of man, wherein he digs out good or evil.”
― Ogwo David Emenike, The Fortune in Failing: Decoding the Message of Failure

“Success is a choice; you choose it and work it out! Excellence is deliberate and so it is intentionally pursued. No successful person ever remained idle for success to knock his/her door for him/her”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!

“You only have to doze a moment, and all is lost. For ruin and salvation both have their source inside you.”
― Epictetus

“Moja putanja spiralnog je oblika i život je postupno odmata. Sudjelujem, svakodnevno gubim ponešto slobode, umaram glasnice, ali uspjet ću već zbog toga što nisam motiviran koristoljubljem.”
― Jasna Horvat, Auron

“don't read the success stories
you will get message
but read the failure stories
you will get the ideas become successful”
― Asif Jaana

“Success, like happiness, is a by-product, not a goal.”
― Roy Bennett

“Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“One may not always know his purpose until his only option is to monopolize in what he truly excels at. He grows weary of hearing the answer 'no' time and time again, so he turns to and cultivates, monopolizes in his one talent which others cannot possibly subdue. Then, beyond the crowds of criticism and rejection, the right people recognize his talent - among them he finds his stage.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Be a King. Dare to be Different, dare to manifest your greatness.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Don't die without fulfilling your purpose.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Listen for the call of your destiny, and when it comes, release your plans and follow.”
― Mollie Marti

“INTENT reveals desire; ACTION reveals commitment.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“God is never tired of bringing the sun out every morning, taking it in the evenings and bringing out the moon.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Dare to be different. Represent your maker well and you will forever abide in the beautiful embrace of his loving arms.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Your words are powerful so what you say goes a long way to either establish or destroy you; this is why you should say things that God has said concerning you, not things that situations or circumstances say.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.”
― Prem Rawat

“Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Integrity is a powerful force, keeping you alive to others long after you’ve left their presence.”
― Mollie Marti

“Without enthusiasm then what we have surrounded ourselves with becomes worthless.”
― Stephen Richards

“It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“The secret code of success is patience,
a virtue that can not be replaced.
It takes time to build great dreams.”
― Bernard Kelvin Clive

“Want something else more than success. Success is a lovely thing, but your desire to say something, your worth, and your identity shouldn’t rely on it, because it’s not guaranteed and it’s not permanent and it’s not sufficient. So work hard, fall in love with the writing—the characters, the story, the words, the themes—and make sure that you are who you are regardless of your life circumstances. That way, when the good things come, they don’t warp you, and when the bad things hit you, you don’t fall apart.”
― Veronica Roth

“BREAKING NEWS: You're awesome and designed for success; live this day accordingly!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Success works as a cycle - growth and contraction, balancing and unbalancing - all while you're encountering hurdles that get higher and higher over time.”
― Julien Smith, The Flinch

“Behind a life of influence you will find a masterful storyteller.”
― Mollie Marti

“You can start to change your luck today. Begin believing that you can have what you desire and superior things will arrive.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Getting lost is not fatal. Almost every time, it will make your world.”
― Julien Smith

“The thrust of continuous action is the firewood which fuels motivation.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“I would hesitate to use the word 'success' in the way many people do. I don't know that I would apply it to what I've done as though I have now reached the ultimate goal. To me success is a continuing thing. It is growth and development. It is achieving one thing and using that as a stepping stone to achieve something else. Success comes as you have confidence in yourself. Self-confidence is built by succeeding, even if the success is small. It is the believing that makes it possible.”
― Walter Knott

“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.

[Eddie Scissons]”
― W.P. Kinsella, Shoeless Joe

“Whether you dance, draw, make music, shoot field goals, build houses, tune engines, or sit around all day watching television, you are an artist. Your single greatest work of art is your self. As with any art form, the more you understand and develop your talents, the more empowered and masterful you become as an artist. This is particularly important when engaging in the art of consciously shaping your own life.”
― Scott Edmund Miller

“We are pathfinders on a mission, Beholders following the Light, Runners gunning for the prize and Fighters remaining focused...You have been described, do not accept any other description!”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E.

“Only great fools remain ungrateful.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E., The Best Option

“Do not look down with disdain on what Christ spent so much to achieve for you.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Do the things you were sent here to do effectively.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E., The Best Option

“No man succeeds without faith. Whether you call it religious faith or label it something else. I don't feel anything worthwhile is accomplished without it. When you believe there is a Supreme Being guiding the destiny of this universe and that within each of us there is a little part of that Being, then you will have faith in yourself, in your country, in that Supreme Being, and in humanity itself.”
― Walter Knott

“If you want to lead an extraordinary life, find out what the ordinary do–and don't do it.”
― Tommy Newberry, Success is Not an Accident: Change Your Choices Change Your Life

“The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.”
― Rensis Likert

“The lesson of Buffett was: To succeed in a spectacular fashion you had to be spectacularly unusual.”
― Michael Lewis

“Because memory is time folding back on itself. To remember is to disengage from the present. In order to reach any kind of success in automobile racing, a driver must never remember.”
― Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain

“Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Philosophy, art, politics, religion and bohemia have never sought to do away entirely with the status hierarchy; they have attemptee, rather, to institute new kinds of hierarchies based on sets of values unrecognised by, and critical of, those of the majority.. They have provided us with persuasive and consoling reminders that there is more than one way of succeeding in life.”
― Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety

“Resistance is a powerful motivator precisely because it enables us to fulfill our longing to achieve our goals while letting us boldly recognize and name the obstacles to those achievements.”
― Derrick Bell

“If you wish success in life, make perseverance you bosom friend, experience your wise councellor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.”
― Joseph Addison, The Spectator

“Man is an end in himself.”
― Ayn Rand

“Nothing succeeds like indifference to success.”
― Marty Rubin

“It is questionable, for that matter, whether success is an adequate response to life. Success can eliminate as many options as failure.”
― Tom Robbins

“On your quest to spirituality it is often required to suspend your rationality; but true spirituality asks that you enhance your rationality.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“life is a continous journey of transformation”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Whoever is under a man's power is under his protection, too.”
― David Schwartz

“character is not made in a crisis- it is only exhibited”
― Robert Freedman

“Success is counted sweetest by those ne'er succeed.”
― Emily Dickinson

“I wokeup in morning and saw, world has move on”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Failure is The Way of Success”
― Chiranjit Paul

“Success comes to those who hustle wisely.”
― K.A. Jordan

“The ladder of success is there waiting for you... you just have to realize it and reach towards and climb as high as you can you will surely be successful.”
― Noor Ahmad

“Never sit back and wait for a opportunity to find you, get up and search for one, it exists find it!”
― Victoria Addino

“When you've succeeded, you'd say:
'Indeed I'd to go through those hell
before fit into all of this happiness.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Bukan doa orang lain yang membuat anda sukses atau gagal,
tapi karena anda telah mengaminkannya, sadar atau tak sadar.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“I couldn't do no yodelin', so I turned to howlin'. And it's done me just fine.”
― Howlin' Wolf

“النجاح في الحياة ليس هو ما تنجزه لنفسك، أو تحصل عليه لشهواتك الخاصة، بل النجاح الحقيقي هو ما تنجزه للآخرين، ما يستفيد منه غيرك، لأن شهواتك زائلة، ولا أحد غيرك يذكرها، أما إنجازاتك للآخرين فإن العالم كله سيذكرها، وستصبح تاريخاً، فتاريخ البشرية هو تاريخ الأفعال المؤثرة على المجموع، لا تاريخ الأحداث الشخصية للفرد الواحد.”
― محمد الشموتى

“Successful people play the part of being successful consistently in all that they do.”
― Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace

“I don't define success by how much money someone makes. I don't define success by how many trophies or plaques or awards someone has.

I don't define it by membership in exclusive clubs or the ability to name-drop about someone's famous friends.

I don't define it by how many luxury cars or opulent homes someone might own or how many sumptuous vacations they might taken in exotic locales all over the globe.

I don't define success...oh, hell, I'm just kidding. Actually, all that stuff is fantastic!”
― Celia Rivenbark, You Don't Sweat Much for a Fat Girl: Observations on Life from the Shallow End of the Pool

“The devil can be a clown of prizes in moments like these. Moments of knowing you’ve ventured too far down the wrong path and all you can do is accept more prizes ...”
― J.M. August

“If you want to be a successful runner, you have to consider everything. It's no good just thinking about endurance and not to develop fine speed.”
― Arthur Lydiard

“I've always believed that one woman's success can only help another woman's success.”
― Gloria Vanderbilt, It Seemed Important at the Time: A Romance Memoir

“Those who keep sitting idle and waiting for miracles to happen cannot be a part of the process and hence, their ideas never get any closer to reality.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“You can do this, and if you can't do it today, you'll do it tomorrow. You are not a failure.”
― Alisha Rai, Wrong to Need You

“Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then...do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.”
― Lee Iacocca

“Did you once have a grand plan which has become obsolete and no longer serves you? If there are areas in your life which must change to help you create better results, a redesign may be in order. Consider going back to the ‘drawing board’ to deconstruct what isn’t working and start anew.”
― Susan C. Young

“Enlightenment is like quantum tunneling - when everyone sees walls and barriers, enlightened one sees infinite possibilities.”
― Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step

“So here I am with this double life, one where my grammatically incorrect writing is a nice success with tens of thousands of readers, and another one where my carefully written books are read by a dozen people.”
― Christian A. Dumais

“As a child, at the age when others promise to be Chateaubriand or nothing, I had written that I would be myself or nothing. I had certainly not foreseen that one day I would find myself in the position of being both myself and nothing. 65”
― Marcel Benabou, Why I Have Not Written Any of My Books

“Connecting with others gives us a sense of inclusion, connection, interaction, safety, and community. Your vibe attracts your tribe, so if you want to attract positive and healthy relationships, be one! Staying connected and getting reconnected feeds the flow of goodness which empowers our humanity.”
― Susan C. Young

“...at some point you need to stop looking out at others and start looking inward, at yourself, at your own accomplishments, at your own foibles, at your own successes and your own failures. It's only when you begin to look inward that you can begin to have an effect on those out there, the ones with the greedy eyes and outstretched hands.”
― Scott F. Falkner

“Os livros são escritos devido a anos virados do avesso por ideias que não nos libertam até serem escritas e, até mesmo então, a escrita é o último recurso, um resgate desesperado que pagamos para que a vida nos seja devolvida.”
― Richard Bach, Running from Safety: An Adventure of the Spirit

“Anything worthy is worth the fight!”
― Besa Kosova

“Actually, I'm an overnight success. But it took twenty years.”
― Monty Hall

“It had evidently not occurred to her as yet that those who consent to share the bread of adversity may want the whole cake of prosperity for themselves.”
― Edith Wharton, The Glimpses of the Moon

“Win or lose, you are trying, that's what matters.”
― Avina Celeste

“When it comes to making the right moves at the right time, your dance partner is life itself or what can be referred to as your destiny. The more you pay attention and practice intuitive decision making skills, the better you will become at sensing the unique rhythm of your life.”
― Paul O'Brien, Great Decisions, Perfect Timing: Cultivating Intuitive Intelligence

“The sure way to succeed Is to endure to the very end.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Success is messy. But so is life. Deal with it. Poverty is messier.”
― James Arthur Ray, Harmonic Wealth: The Secret of Attracting the Life You Want

“Time utilization and effectiveness is a major marker for success”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Even if yesterday was wildly successful, I still don’t want to repeat it. Rather, I want to build on it.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Men's lives are short .
The hard man and his cruelties will be
Cursed behind his back and mocked in death.
But one whose heart and ways are kind - of him
strangers will bear report to the whole wide world,
and distant men will praise him.

- Penelope in Robert Fitzgerald trans. THE ODYSSEY (364)”
― Robert Fitzgerald, The Odyssey

“The most successful people in the world today are entrepreneurs”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Success is determined by how best you can utilize your time”
― Sunday Adelaja

“We ought to relentlessly ignore excuses, especially those we are told by ourselves.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The purpose is to get across; change horses mid-stream if necessary.”
― Haresh Sippy

“Your daily product determines how far you go”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Never give up just because you failed initially”
― Sunday Adelaja

“when you want to go up that mountain and everyone else around you is telling you that is too hard, and you’ll never going to make it, please listen to that small voice inside your heart and one day you will reach the mountain top”
― Manuel Corazzari

“For you to be successful in your promised land, you must study the land”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
― Rashedur Ryan Rahman

“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you — envy, jealousy, and resentment may put out your flame before it grows.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The tower of success stands on the pillars of vision, action, patience and the character to withstand criticisms.”
― Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion

“Success needs vision to see, passion to transcend, patience to withstand and the character to overcome failures.”
― Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion

“Be a person that others will look for your posts daily because they know you will encourage them. Be the positive one and help others to have a great day and you will find that not only they like you but you will like you too.”
― John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That

“Success requires no explanations. Failure permits no alibis.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich

“People who are ready to learn are those who will be the best to lead.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You

“If you want to make a stand, help others make a stand, and if you want to reach your goal, help others reach their goal. Consider yourself and treat others accordingly: this is the method of Humanity.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“In Catcher in the Rye, the protagonist Holden Caulfield mentions reading books that make him wish he could be friends with the author and be able to call him on the phone and so forth. I would consider a literary work that made someone feel this way a success. Furthermore, it’s the only kind of success in literature that means anything to me.”
― Thomas Ligotti

“Be open about your thoughts, ideas, and desires and you will be right with your decisions.”
― Auliq Ice

“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“Never give up on the fight until you win the belt.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You

“You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“Don’t aim at success—the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it.”
― Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning

“Don’t just manage; go extra mile and win your race. Never give up the fight. You will win.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You

“Be a life-long learner. Whether you are seeking to achieve peace and harmony, learn a new technology to do your work faster, or design a strategy to blow your competitors out of the water, retraining is a pivotal way to strengthen your knowledge and realize your goals”
― Susan C. Young

“There’s an interesting story about Abraham Lincoln. During the American Civil War he signed an order transferring certain regiments, but Secretary of War Edwin Stanton refused to execute it, calling the president a fool. When Lincoln heard he replied, ‘If Stanton said I’m a fool then I must be, for he’s nearly always right, and he says what he thinks. I’ll step over and see for myself.’ He did, and when Stanton convinced him the order was in error, Lincoln quietly withdrew it. Part of Lincoln’s greatness lay in his ability to rise above pettiness, ego, and sensitivity to other people’s opinions. He wasn’t easily offended. He welcomed criticism, and in doing so demonstrated one of the strengths of a truly great person: humility. So, have you been criticised? Make it a time to learn, not lose.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Who dare tries is a success, and shall master the art of conquering dreams.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“It's only out of reach when you choose to keep your feet flat on the floor.”
― Lana M.H. Wilder

“Start small and keep going.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
― Compton Gage

“You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“It`s Okay to Play or Work Alone in the Information Age But If We Must Make Headway in this Transformation Age, Collaboration is the Way to Go.”
― Anyaele Sam Chiyson, The Sagacity of Sage

“Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve." ”
― Wilfred Peterson

“No experience is wasted. It is the stepping stones for a great success.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“A beautiful idea can give you immortality—not success or money.”
― Debasish Mridha

“I was free with every road as my home. No limitations and no commitments. But then summer passed and winter came and I fell short for safety. I fell for its spell, slowly humming me to sleep, because I was tired and small, too weak to take or handle those opinions and views, attacking me from every angle. Against my art, against my self, against my very way of living. I collected my thoughts, my few possessions and built isolated walls around my values and character. I protected my own definition of beauty and success like a treasure at the bottom of the sea, for no one saw what I saw, or felt the same as I did, and so I wanted to keep to myself.
You hide to protect yourself.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving

“There is no try. There is only do.”
― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars

“Leaving what feels secure behind and following the beckoning of our hearts doesn't always end as we expect or hope. We may even fail. But here's the payoff: it can also be amazing and wonderful and immensely satisfying.”
― Steve Goodier

“The only limitation is that which one sets up in one's own mind.”
― Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century

“WINNER:is A Runner who “Wins Inspite Of Ninety Nine Excellent
Runners!”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“He who has the audacity to stop you from dreaming is he who had given you the imaginations to think, but not those who watch you as you explore the dreams!”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.”
― Napoleon Hill

“No matter how you define success, you will need to be resilient, empowered, authentic, and limber to get there.”
― Joanie Connell, Flying Without a Helicopter: How to Prepare Young People for Work and Life

“COMPETITOR is one who can steal a few deals, but, the pinch of which, A VISIONARY Never feels...!”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“Some of you may be perfectly happy with mediocrity. Some of you will get nothing but heartbreak. Some of you will be heralded as geniuses and become huge. Of course, all of you think that one describes you...hence the delusion necessary to push on.”
― Marc Maron, Attempting Normal

“Giving is the master key to success, in all applications of human life.”
― Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason

“Let All Your Life’s Experiences Lead To More Writing & Encourage More Reading..!”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days,
you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets
clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“It is during our failures that we discover our true desire for success.”
― Kevin Ngo, Let's Do This! 100 Powerful Messages to Help You Take Action

“Winners were not born winners; they learnt and practiced how to win and they have it! Everyone who gives a great testimony about his/her life begins with a beginning that was "inadequate" until something happened... an a breakthrough became evident!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes

“Gloating is a superficial glowing, floating is an idle flowing, and bloatedness is the paralysis of blowing up; because silent movement results in loud victories.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“You got to insist on your success, resist every obstacle and persist in times of difficulty and you will get there.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream

“No matter how loud the sirens or how numerous the hazard signs, we all touch the flames at least once to prove they're hot.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway

“Success is Never Ending, Failure Is Never Final.”
― Dr. Robert Schuller

“Result of HARDWORK Is Neither Friends Nor Enemy,
To the AGE Of the ACHIEVER!”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“People who found something to live and die for always live in the hope of success. They never allow doubts to create distances between them and their harvest time. That is also their decision.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!

“Being sick successfully is not included in society’s panoply of worthy goals.”
― Kaimana Wolff, Broken Sleep

“If you work hard, and become successful, it does not necessarily mean you are successful because you worked hard, just as if you are tall with long hair it doesn't mean that you would be a midget if you were bald.”
― Lemony Snicket

“You mark and celebrate errors, transforming failures into successes.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“To succeed in this competition means finding yourself in a place where you call the shots and get the gains. This is not an easy feat, unless you are born into it. if you are not, you will need to out-smart your equals. You need to be more ambitious than they are. You need to work harder. You need to look better and smarter. You need to justify why it should be you and not them. It’s a competition.”
― Emi Iyalla

“Wasifu wa viongozi wa Kolonia Santita ni siri kwa sababu siri ni siri ya mafanikio.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Nothing is impossible, Everything should be possible when we trying for achieve the goal”
― Sanjeev Murukan

“I shall not dwell in the past...
I shall not dread the present...
I shall not fear the Future...

For as Long as I live...
I shall only think of success.”
― Oscar Trejo Jr., Remember Me Tomorrow

“We must thank to all the failed people in the history as they showed us the true way to success!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Be as successful as a Smith.”
― Gregory C Dugger

“A man who fails well is greater than one who succeeds badly.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“One does not have to be a philosopher to be a successful artist, but he does have to be an artist to be a successful philosopher. His nature is to view the world in an unpredictable albeit useful light.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Have nuts and be nuts.”
― Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality

“This just gets worse and worse," Rob Pierre sighed as he skimmed Leonard Boardman's synopsis of his latest gleanings from the Solarian League reporters covering the PRH. "How can one person—one person, Oscar!—do this much damage? She's like some damned elemental force of nature!"

"Harrington?" Oscar Saint-Just quirked an eyebrow and snorted harshly at Pierre's nodded confirmation.

"She's just happened to be in the right places—or the wrong ones, I suppose, from our perspective—for the last, oh, ten years or so. That's the official consensus from my analysts, at least. The other theory, which seems to have been gaining a broader following of late, is that she's in league with the Devil.”
― David Weber, Ashes of Victory

“The only secret of wealth creation is knowing how to use Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Your life isn't behind you; your memories are behind you. Your life is ALWAYS ahead of you. Today is a new day - seize it!”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Human beings are incredibly slow, Cosmic Ordering is incredibly fast!”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!

“The harder you work, the luckier you are, and I worked like hell.”
― Gerald Ford

“There is a funny story I always tell my students...when I came for the first time to the US. I didn’t speak English (Only Spanish) & I saw on every door the word “exit” which in Spanish means Success = Exito. And then I said :”No wonder Americans are winners ,every door they take leads to success” ~smile :)”
― Pablo

“Success comes to us when we have a burning desire to achieve and we focus our full power on achieving that.”
― Sakshi Chetana, How to be Successful: Powerful Lessons for Success

“Failure has its successes.”
― Brian Howard

“I've never considered the possibility of defeat. I've never planned for it. That's the job for those people who plan for such things. My job is to only plan for success...victory; it has my complete focus.”
― Spuds Crawford

“Twenty years from now you will be disappointed you never used Cosmic Ordering today.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Everybody talks about being rich, Cosmic Ordering does something about it.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“A man may fail many times, and then he turns to Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!

“A clever person solves a problem; a wise person uses Cosmic Ordering!”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“To fail is nothing, unless you continue to ignore Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“There are more triumphs than defeats with Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“In the beginning man was poor, then along came Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Whatever your desire, use Cosmic Ordering to get what you require!”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Often the only difference between success and failure is not using Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“Everybody achieves success in life—a blessed few early in their careers, the rest of us when we lower our standards”
― Dag Ekeberg, Missing in Thailand

“Success is not the end of the journey. It is the beginning of the expression of your infinite potential.”
― Sakshi Chetana, How to be Successful: Powerful Lessons for Success

“Cosmic Ordering success sticks to you like mud to a blanket.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful

“Believe and achieve with Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!

“When life gives you lemons, use Cosmic Ordering!”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide

“On the road to success some will always expect tragedy ... ditch your doubts and experience success with Cosmic Ordering.”
― Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!

“Success will not come to you like a baby who came to his mother”
― Isra

“If you say you can't, you won't!

The only thing holding you back from success is yourself.”
― Jody Provost, Hitty and Her Next Hundred Years

“Success is not only a goal. It is a journey. When you commit yourself to the journey, the goal is surely there to be attained.”
― Sakshi Chetana, How to be Successful: Powerful Lessons for Success

“The people who stand before kings may look like they did it all by themselves. But in fact they are invariably the beneficiaries of hidden advantages and extraordinary opportunities and cultural legacies that allow them to learn and work hard and make sense of the world in ways others cannot. It makes a difference where and when we grew up. The culture we belong to and the legacies passed down by our forebears shape the patterns of our achievements in ways we cannot begin to imagine. It's not enough to ask what successful people are like, in other words. It is only by asking where they are from that we can unravel the logic behind who succeeds and who doesn't.”
― Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers: The Story of Success

“Lineage, personality, and environment may shape you, but they do not define your full potential.”
― Mollie Marti

“Don't call yourself discouraged anymore;it's no longer your name.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Don't let any situation intimidate you anymore, don't accept defeat anymore.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Weigh whatever you are about to say; what will it do to your hearer - encouragement, edification, disappointment or fear? What will it do to your life - glorify, edify, beautify or weigh you down? Speak well and things will go well.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“With every choice you create the life you’ll live; with every decision you design it.”
― Mollie Marti, Walking with Justice: Uncommon Lessons from One of Life's Greatest Mentors

“Dominate in your domain; You can do it.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Don't say negative things about your spouse and children.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“You recreate your world to your taste with God's Word in your mouth.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“You are not permitted to suffer what others suffer, you are not permitted to fail or die young.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“God rewards every act of obedience to His Will.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Your decision not to join the crowd may be what God is waiting for to grant you revelation on how to deliver your family, your country, business, profession or even your church!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Your mouth is not given to you for feeding alone; it is given to you to programme events and circumstance around you.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Create your world with God's Word in your mouth just say it and it will be accomplished!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“The presence of God is so important in the life of believers. There is abundance of all you need to make your life comfortable in His presence.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“I awoke one morning to find myself famous.”
― Lord Byron

“Worship is the marriage of two Spirits - the Spirit of God and the Spirit of man.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu

“Your status has changed. Your Name is changed! You are a new creation.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“The presence of the Lord destroys a life of struggle. You will struggle until you encounter His presence.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“You are not permitted to live and die as a non-entity because you have encountered the greatness that is associated with Christ.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Another way of remaining in intimacy with God is by remaining in His presence.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“True success is a silence inner process that can empower the mind, heart and soul through strong aspiration for great achievement.”
― Nur Sakinah Thomas

“God wants all man's attention, thoughts and focus to be on Him.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“I rather now strive to reach rather than wait to receive!”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett

“Let your words glorify God and edify your hearers and then beautify your life.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“The choice is yours. Don't let your pronouncements destroy your destiny rather let them build your future up!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“The price you have to pay to be great at something - is repetition.”
― Andrew Brown

“An exceedingly well-informed report,' said the General. 'You have given yourself the trouble to go into matters thoroughly, I see. That is one of the secrets of success in life.”
― Anthony Powell, The Kindly Ones

“Words are directed to your personalities namely; - God, your hearers, devil and yourself.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“It is easier for one to take risks and to chase his dreams with a mindset that he has nothing to lose. In this lies the immense passion, the great advantage of avoiding a materialistic, pleasure-filled way of life.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“When we are connected to the source, we will not be afraid of any task set before us.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“It is easy to surpass a predecessor, but difficult to avoid being surpassed by a successor.”
― Eiji Yoshikawa, Musashi

“A strong man does not succumb to pressures, he knows that without pressures he will not find pleasures and so he will not be made.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“You may not attain the highest height with one leap but my dear; you will reach your destination.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Things get done only if the data we gather can inform and inspire those in a position to make difference.”
― Mike Schmoker, Results

“Happy roads is bunk. Weary roads is right. Get you nowhere fast. That's where I've got—nowhere. Where everyone lands in the end, even if most of the suckers won't admit it.”
― Eugene O'Neill, Long Day's Journey into Night

“So cheer up Beloved; for your God is able, He is the maker of all things.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“You can actually recreate your world with the Word of the Creator in your mouth.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Sometimes success is simply being willing to give it your all.”
― Amanda Beard, In the Water They Can't See You Cry: A Memoir

“He is the only option for better living.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Man is like a bride unto God. God is jealous when man veers away from Him.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“We cannot prevail by our own might or strength, we need to plug on to the source of our strength so that we will remain resourceful always.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“I am unique...I play by a different set of rules; I am not intimidated by anything.”
― Agu Jaachynma N.E.

“The way to achieve your goals is step by step, you just need to build enough track, to be ahead of the train." ~ John Milton Lawrence”
― John Milton Lawrence

“Human beings have an extraordinary capacity to imagine possibilities and then turn those possibilities into realities. Evident in the gifts of civilization—in our arts, languages, sciences, technologies, businesses, governments, and so on—it is clear that we are a profoundly creative species. Yet many of us only access a smidgen of our creativity.”
― Scott Edmund Miller

“God is not a thief. That which steals, kills and destroys is the devil - not God!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“God comes down in the evenings to chat with man, enjoy man's company and find out how man faired in the course of the day.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Are you the fruit of redemption? If yes, then make a delightful noise unto Him.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Knowledge is very vital in life`s transformation and transition”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“The minute you start talking about what you’re going to do if you lose, you have lost.”
― George P. Shultz

“Everyone that enters through Him is secured and the person shall find pastures for himself. Jesus really cares!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“The Prince came to give life unto those whose lives were almost being snuffed out by the devil via the cares of this world.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Life will be a whole lot better if we understand what our salvation in Christ means.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“You don't need to go running from pillar to post looking for what God looks like.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Yes, all you need do is to change your orientation and have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ that He can make you whole, change your status, and add value to your destiny.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“It doesn't matter how wealthy you may be in material things, what matters is do you know what to do with those wealth?”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“On the road to success, even little stones may cause you fall down! If you are not serious and careful, forget about reaching your target!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“your right standing with God and your connection to Him remains your strongest defense in the day of calamity.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Set out time to worship God in your closet, give Him quality praise and watch Him raise you.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper

“Too often, people get stuck in a state of over-thinking, the result is that they never reach a decision.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Compete like you cannot fail.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“The first step is the most important. It is the most crucial and the most effective as it will initiate the direction you have chosen.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Act like a champion, and then become one.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Money. The ultimate motivation. The ultimate way of keeping score.”
― Michael Connelly, Chasing the Dime

“Patience and persistence are the keys... The keys to unlock doors of success... With these two virtues, you grow in reasoning and experience.”
― Ogwo David Emenike

“Blame is the creed of the disempowered.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If you want to continue to be the best in the world, then you have to train and compete like you are second best in the world.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“If you remain static and wait for success to come to you it will certainly not happen.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“The quest for a lost city erodes your body, damaging you beyond all reason. But it is your mind that bears the heaviest toll. Listen to the doubters, the worriers and the weak, and the vaguest hope of success evaporates.”
― Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City

“Nothing could be any worse than having to turn to your friends, your colleagues and your loved ones and say –‘I gave up too soon’.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“100% of a Guru’s marketing plan depends on you holding the belief that you are not enough; that you were created less equipped than necessary to fulfill your purpose. What if you let go of that belief and connected with the truth of your innate power to change and shape your life? You ARE enough. You CAN change and shape your own life. Anyone who tells you different is simply lying. Your life has immeasurable potentiality for greatness; act accordingly.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Success is simply never giving in to failure - either in mind or body.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“It is true to say that the secret of a winning formula is the ability to accept that there is a vast area of unexploited potential beyond what you currently perceive to be your maximum.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Previous journeys in search of treasure have taught me that a zigzag strategy is the best way to get ahead.”
― Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City

“God is not ecstatic about the lack you are experiencing; He is not delightful over your failures, He is not happy about your stagnancy.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E.

“The only test is what you see when you look in a mirror.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“(Ulrich, 100 year old Bulgarian man): in Solo, by Rana Dasgupta
"Ulrich has sometimes wondered whether his life has been a failure. Once he would have looked at all this and said yes. But now he does not know what it means for a life to succeed or fail. How can a dog fail its life, or a tree? A life is just a quantity; and he can no more see failure in it than he can see failure in a pile of earth, or a bucket of water. Failure and success are foreign terms to such blind matter." (p. 160)”
― Rana Dasgupta

“Dining with the King; your attire, attitude and mentality must change.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E., Risk It, Be Different

“If you are able to focus unswervingly on your goals, then all that you desire will become yours.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Your world of poverty can be recreated to that of affluence simply by speaking the Prince's language.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E.

“I felt sure we could gain the upper hand by putting ourselves in the mindset of the Incas.”
― Tahir Shah, In Search of King Solomon's Mines

“The sprint is like life ... blink and you miss it.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“You have to create your self-belief by going to your core to find the probable reasons for the negativity in you, and then demolish them.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Just identify the very first physical action you need to take, and do it.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Try to turn as many soft, aspirational goals as possible into success criteria, and make them specific enough that you can actually tell whether or not you've met them.”
― Erin Kissane, The Elements of Content Strategy

“He would never again need anything from his mother and father but their love.”
― Frederick Drimmer, Born Different: Amazing Stories of Very Special People

“Options abound in our world. You can choose where to stay and how to stay there. Where you are Today is as a result of the option you took yesterday and no doubt where you will be Tomorrow is embedded in your option Today. Choose right; choose wisely, Take THE BEST OPTION. The Best Option will deliver your inheritance to you. It will change your state and deliver to you, your brand new estate. You do not blame anyone for failing to do it right the first time. You accept the blame. The Best Option will cause you to get it right the first time and always.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E.

“Being poor in the Spirit means you are humble, gentle, meek, God-fearing,kind and exhibit the fruits of the Spirit but being Spiritually poor is lacking in every thing that pertains to life and godliness.”
― Agu, Jaachynma N.E.

“When the Prince comes into your life, you will stop thinking and start reasoning.”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu

“There are three types of people in this world. Firstly, there are people who make things happen. Then there are people who watch things happen. Lastly, there are people who ask, what happened? Which do you want to be?”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“If obstacles are large, jump higher.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“If you have positive energy you will always attract positive outcomes.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“If not now, when?”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“It is action that creates motivation.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Share your aspirations only with those who will support you, not those who will respond with doubt or lack of interest.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“See it first in your mind, then become it.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Invest your energy in the things you can control.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“A mind filled with negative thoughts makes you feel miserable and inadequate and will lead to failure after failure no matter how hard you try to succeed.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Your current apathy is simply your soul telling you that it is confused.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“To think is good. To obsess is bad.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“If not you, who?”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Do you want to know what one of the secrets to achieving all of your goals is? You’ve got to be committed.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Although you can’t go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“It is one thing to know what should be done, it is another to do it.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“When you think a positive thought, you become positive.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Success is virulent. Once you get the bug then it’s in you.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“These are the people who will encourage you to go after your dreams and will inspire you to succeed. Stick to them like a barnacle to a rock.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can’t keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Mix with positive-minded people as a means to tap into your unexploited potential.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“See it, feel it, trust it!”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Trust in your own beliefs or succumb to the influence of others’.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“To deliver your own personal maximum, you’ll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Stop pointing fingers and placing blame on others. Your life can only change to the degree that you accept responsibility for it.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“Ultimate prosperity is one's value within. It takes a man of depth, morality, and charm to be envied yet without a sign of wealth or romance. A passion to prove such inner worth is his permission to achieve whatever he desires.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Bad luck with women is a determined man's road to success. For every affliction, he makes, out of indignation, yet another advancement in order to exceed the man that the woman chose over him. This goes to show that great men are made great because they once learned how to fight the feeling of rejection.”
― Criss Jami, Venus in Arms

“The more we see ourselves as a vibrant, successful, inspiring person who boldly declares and manifests her vision, the more we become just that.”
― Kristi Bowman

“The only credential the city asked was the boldness to dream. For those who did, it unlocked its gates and its treasures, not caring who they were or where they came from.”
― Moss Hart, Act One

“The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.”
― Mark Cain

“People think that the opposite of success is failure, but it's not. Failure is part of the process of success.”
― Randy Gage

“I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate.”
― George Burns

“The measure of a society is not only what it does but the quality of its aspirations.”
― Wade Davis

“When Marconi suggested the possibility of wireless transmission of sound (the radio),he was committed to a mental institution. But people like Lincoln, Edison, and Marconi were strongly motivated. So they didn't give up. They somehow knew that the only real failure is the one from which we learn nothing. They seemed to go on the assumption that there is no failure greater than the failure of not trying, and so they continued to try in the face of repeated failures.”
― John Joseph Powell, فن التواصل: أنت وأنا والذات الحقيقية

“The library is full of stories of supposed triumphs which makes me very suspicious of it. It's misleading for people to read about great successes, since even for middle-class and upper-class white people, in my experience, failure is the norm”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Hocus Pocus

“Your greatest responsibility in your life is to be the best version of yourself. When you feel for what the soul believes that is who you become.”
― Shannon Alder

“Lucky people will focus on what’s in front of them rather than scrabbling about for what they’re searching for.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Explore. Train your conscious mind and your subconscious mind to start working for you by getting those great powers to move in a new direction. Start creating your own good luck today.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Morale and attitude are fundamentals to success.”
― Bud Wilkinson

“Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“Some false representations contravene the law; some do not. ... The sensibilities of no two men are the same. Some would refuse to sell property without carefully explaining all about its merits and defects, and putting themselves in the purchasers' place and inquiring if he himself would buy under the circumstances. But such men never would be prosperous merchants.”
― Clarence Darrow, The Story of My Life

“Many of our problems are broadly similar to those that undermined ... Norse Greenland, and that many other past societies also struggled to solve. Some of those past societies failed (like the Greenland Norse) and others succeeded ... The past offers us a rich database from which we can learn in order that we may keep on succeeding.”
― Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed

“As Tim followed me up the narrow stairwell, he playfully pinched my butt with every step, a pleasant (and painful--in a black-and-blue sort of way) reminder that all I had yearned for as a student twenty-five years before had come true, even if I hadn't taken the time to notice it until now: I was happy. At twenty years old, had I articulated what I thought I needed in life, I would have probably said a big house, a successful husband, and a great career. Yet all I really needed for true happiness was the homeless, unemployed bus driver right behind me, pinching my butt every step of the way.”
― Doreen Orion, Queen of the Road: The True Tale of 47 States, 22,000 Miles, 200 Shoes, 2 Cats, 1 Poodle, a Husband, and a Bus with a Will of Its Own

“They don’t give Olympic medals out for talking a good game.”
― Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success

“At this rate, I'm still going to be aspiring by the time I'm expiring.”
― Scott Cherney

“The successful cannot be unhappy -- it was a contradiction in terms.”
― Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger

“He'd had his career, his triumphs. Success had brought him nothing but misery; he couldn't handle it. Success had thrown him in the gutter”
― John Grisham, The Testament

“Be confident in your approach to success in having a better future. Take risks, try new things, become diligent, and find new techniques because in the end you will develop a compelling emotional element.”
― Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated

“Whatever beginning goals you set for yourself, following through on them will build momentum and a sense of achievement and those small success will point the way to bigger ones”
― Pamela Glass Kelly, From Inspiration to Publication: How to Succeed as a Children's Writer: Advice from 15 Award Winning Writers

“Cultivate your curiosity. Keep it sharp and always working. Consider curiosity your life preserver, your willingness to try something new. Second, enlarge your enthusiasm to include the pursuit to excellence, following every task through to completion. Third, make the law of averages work for you. By budgeting your time more carefully than most people you can make more time available. Does the combination of curiosity, enthusiasm, and the law of averages guarantee success Indeed it does not ... Success in the final analysis always involves luck or the element of chance. Louis Pasteur grasped this well when he said that chance favors the prepared mind.”
― John Hanley Jr.

“You were born into this life equipped to succeed. You are a part of God’s perfect plan. Yes, you. The plan would not be perfect if you were missing. Think about that. You matter more than you know.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Life is a journey worth making.”
― Diva Jefferson

“Because I keep it real and reality is a ruthless bitch. Plus I wanna make money – you cool with that?” - Gable”
― J.M. August

“Failure are given power, not success ..”
― David S. Mark

“In those things toward which we exerted our best endeavors we succeeded.”
― George Clason, The Richest Man in Babylon

“Failure isn't bad if it doesn't attack the heart. Success is all right if it doesn't go to the head.”
― Grantland Rice

“As Henry Moore carved
or modelled his sculpture every day,
he strove to surpass Donatello

4. and failed, but woke the next morning
elated for another try.”
― Donald Hall

“I can only strive for what is important”
― Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby

“Success shuns the man who lacks ideas.”
― David Schwartz

“How many stopped-up men and women does it take to produce one Einstein? Ten? A thousand? A hundred thousand? ... So this is what Einstein meant when he looked me in the eye that day and said, I would be nothing without you. It was not success he saw written in my face. He saw, rather, that I would never accomplish anything at all.”
― Rana Dasgupta, Solo

“If you fail at the large things it means you have not large ambitions. Concentration, focus - that is all. The aptitudes come, the tools forge themselves.”
― Ian Fleming, Doctor No

“Your career success in the workplace of today–independent of technical expertise–depends on the quality of your people skills. (9)”
― Max Messmer, Managing Your Career for Dummies

“ We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game. ”
― Randy Komisar, The Monk and the Riddle: The Education of a Silicon Valley Entrepreneur

“يتم الوصول الى السعادة بطريقة من ثلاث:الأولى :وجود شيء تتطلع إليه أو تترقبه , الثانية :بالمشاركة ,الثالثة : جعل شخص آخر سعيدا.”
― Richard Denny, Succeed for Yourself: Unlock Your Potential for Success and Happiness

“If I have succeeded better than many who surround me, it has been chiefly - may I say almost solely - from universal assiduity.”
― John Dalton

“The right moment will never exist until and unless you create it.”
― Manan Verma, Wait Late: Waiting is not the right option execution is

“You will become impressive the day to stop trying. You will become successful the day you stop being busy.”
― Maxime Lagacé

“Design your belief energy. Articulate it. Communicate it and manifest it. Belief energy is the heart of leadership and success. ”
― Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management

“Oh . . . and I won an Oscar. When I traveled north from LA to show it to my folks, it showed up on the airport x-ray and I had to drag it out of my bag. Upon reaching San Mateo, I walked into the kitchen, where my father was still sitting and smoking like a blue-collar Buddha, and plopped it down on the table in front of him. He looked at it, looked at me and said, “I’ll never tell anybody what to do ever again.”
― Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run

“We try to hard. Try to be happy, successful and popular. Trying and striving creates the sense of not having enough, thus you can never have what you strive for.”
― Pelle Skogsberg

“The need is just to put the right piece, at the right place, at the right time.”
― Manan Verma, Wait Late: Why waiting is not the right option execution is

“In order to get what you want, you need to know what you want.”
― Debra Eckerling, Your Goal Guide: A Roadmap for Setting, Planning and Achieving Your Goals

“Don't think about doing it.
Just think about if you want to do it.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Our use of time is a critical factor in whether we will be successful or unsuccessful in the important areas of life. Successful people keep the main thing the main thing. They don't let their time fill up with busyness that keeps them from the important parts of their lives that really need attention.”
― Randy Carlson, The Power of One Thing: How to Intentionally Change Your Life

“Successful people are not afraid to ask themselves tough questions and then go deep to get the answers. Unsuccessful people avoid the tough questions, and if they come across one, either they won't answer it or they avoid it. Of course, it's not enough to pose good questions, which is why successful people are also good listeners. Most people tend to be so busy formulating their next statement that they hear very little of what is said to them.”
― Randy Carlson, The Power of One Thing: How to Intentionally Change Your Life

“You are running too fast, in the false direction.”
― Abdullah Shawaf

“Is there really no hope?" our young woman asked as she stood before her.

"None whatever. There never has been. It has not been a successful life."

"No — it has only been a beautiful one.”
― Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady

“True Success lurks in the nobility of head and heart'.”
― Dr Mallika Tripathi

“to measure their success as a society — not only from how much the economy grows, but also from how much their lives are improved, not just by the standard of living but quality of life.”
― Meik Wiking, The Little Book of Hygge: The Danish Way to Live Well

“Good things will happen when you decide to make your own happiness a priority.”
― Aurora Berill

“Decide to believe in yourself. Be patient and strong, because there is no doubt you possess the ability to overcome obstacles throughout your life.”
― Aurora Berill

“Money changes some people: Many a woman goes from being ashamed of being some poor or broke man’s girlfriend to being proud of being his girlfriend or even ex-girlfriend as soon as she realizes that he has become rich.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“While recovering from failure, the bitter find comfort, not in the phrase ‘This too shall pass’, but in their hope that ‘They too shall fail’.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Think about your future in a positive way and you will move towards your goals.”
― Aurora Berill

“I struggle to reveal my struggle to people who are struggling to believe I struggle in the first place. In fact, my real struggle is with my struggling willpower, which refuses to struggle hard enough to make my struggle a success.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“A mere compliment has been the seed of some people’s downfall.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Be your best, it is enough.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Be prepared to go the extra mile; there is less competition there.”
― Mac Anderson, 212 Service: The 10 Rules for Creating a Service Culture

“Success is always a relative matter. One person's success may even be the failure of another person.”
― Syed Badiuzzaman

“There is no satisfaction like the joy of work, well done.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Every person has their own timeline of success. Others succeed sooner others later. As in everything, both timelines have both advantages and disadvantages.”
― Maria Karvouni

“It's what you do in the dark that puts you in the light”
― Under Armour

“Most of our desires tend to reveal their pettiness a few months, weeks, days, hours, minutes, or even seconds, after they have been fulfilled.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Premature success rarely lasts as long as delayed success.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Some people are a degree of impatience away from wishing a year were only a few weeks long.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Loss, at first it naturally brings the pain, the restlessness, the feeling of being trapped; we struggle, try harder, but our mind stops thinking about the reason of loss, it just signals our body to go for the win, we keep running, mentally exhausted, physically drained but still no win; we try harder & harder but keep doing similar work which earlier decorated us with success, eventually it becomes a ritual triggering the euphoria of a absolute surrender, we get used to the loss. Every day the ritual is followed, but we get used to the loss like we get used to the unanswered prayers, we stop thinking about the win, although bad feelings grip us from time to time but it passes very quickly, And just as losers justify their loss, we become addicted to a thought process which only blames other people and situation for our loss.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Success is the key of complete determination.”
― pranita deshpande

“Pursuing happiness comes with being pursued by unhappiness.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Success is a necessary niefortune of human life, but it is only to the very unfortunate that it comes early.”
― Trollope

“The fear of failure repels opportunities for success”
― Chido Tapera Mapungwana

“Sometimes you need to set aside your pride to achieve something you can be proud of.”
― Ernest Cadorin

“Jangan kita mengejar kejayaan. Biar kejayaan mengejar kita.”
― Syasya de Luna, Kembara Mistik: PERIGI

“The secret of my success: I don't compare myself to anyone, and I don't compete with anyone.”
― Marty Rubin

“Dreams are the catalyst to goals whether it be to heal, to grow, to learn, to create, to imagine what could be or to strive to make it come to fruition. Dreams are the drive to succeed and to do the impossible and make it real and possible.”
― Angel M.B. Chadwick

“Success isn't what makes you happy. It really isn't. Success is doing what makes you happy and doing good work and hopefully having a fruitful life. If I've felt like I've done good work, that makes me happy.”
― Philip Seymour Hoffman

“The Church of Contentment and Prosperity

Now offering the best stage shows in America declaring peace with the enemies of God.

With flashing lights, stage smoke, visualizing tantalizing sights of women dancing on stage, flags waving, artist painting, preachers more like ringmasters of the ventriloquists' dummies taking it all in like a rock 'n' roll show for a fee of actors and celebrities called deacons and elders all in the name of some manmade Jesus!”
― John M. Sheehan

“The one who masters his mind achieves ultimate success.”
― Vinaya Panicker

“Enjoyment is not the result of success: it is a requirement for success.”
― Jo Owen, Leadership Rules: 50 Timeless Lessons for Leaders

“If you wish to develop courage, power; if you wish to become a success, less timid, more aggressive; if you wish to improve your life in general, including your health, prosperity and so forth, you must practice breathing through
the right nostril.”
― Hamid Bey

“Whatever the obstacle, you can overcome it and achieve success as long as you just keep moving forward.”
― Ken Poirot

“Personal development is the vehicle through which success and economic growth travel”
― Nicky Verd, Disrupt Yourself Or Be Disrupted

“Care the most. Succeed the most.”
― Maxime Lagacé

“The less you care about suffering and pain, the higher your chances of success and gain.”
― Maxime Lagacé

“مشكلتك إنك شايف نفسك صغير و عاجز عن مواجهة أي حاجة في حين إن ربنا شايفك كبير و تقدر تهزم أي محن بيبتليك بيها لإن سبحانه و تعالى مش بيديلك غير الضربات اللي تقدر تستحملها و تخرج منك إنسان جديد ... أقوى من الأول.”
― نورهان إبراهيم, انعكاس

“Change!
You deserve a better you.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“One big secret about succeeding in the new year lies in concentrating more on things that matter most in life, and walking away from those things that are of no value or use.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“Make 2020 the year that you want to remember.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Success is like an iceberg. Nobody sees the work that comprises it.”
― Jeffrey Fry

“Success is a slow process, and quitting does not speed it up.”
― Jeffrey Fry

“Don't be a basket in Life.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“When the talent is torrential, the harvest is inevitable.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Connectivity is force that leads to commitment to a common cause.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There is no beauty like being your best.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Is there any success like salvation?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There is no success like salvation”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The moment I thought I could fall down, was the very moment which lift me up..!”
― Mahendar Singh Jakhar

“Difficulties come not to obstruct, but to instruct.”
― Brian Tracy

“The first step, no matter what it is for, is always the hardest, the scariest, and the most terrifying.
No matter our age when we take it, it is still the same and always will be.
We just need to be able to learn to control our fears.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Success depends not on who you are or where you are coming from. Success depends on what you think - when you think”
― Rene Esteban

“If you think you’re always right, you’re usually always wrong.”
― Trevor Carss

“Windows hold a different dream for each of us.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“The vitality of youth is to employ all your might to pursue your visionary goals.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“It takes wisdom to gain wealth without losing health.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Imagine how much more crazy money would drive us if we could each drive more than one car at the same time.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“If we don't attain mastery over our mind; our mind will gain supremacy over us.”
― Venugopala CV

“No material gift can be compared to coming into the New Year with great joy
in one's heart.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“We must innovate our ways to growth and productivity in the new year by
embracing artificial intelligence, machine learning and internet of things.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“In order to be successful in the new year, stay focused, develop a positive
attitude, and be passionate with your dreams.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“When success comes knocking at the door, He is God. When blessings overflow, He is still God. No matter how much He blesses us, He remains God. He deserves our praise, even after we made it in life.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Your destiny is in your hands. If you don't do anything for it. You will never be anything.”
― Deb Chakraborty

“Persist. Even when you’re heavy with emotion, pick yourself up bringing the axe of your actions down, repeatedly chopping at the day until you bring the sun low with success.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“The formula for success is 2% talent, 8% luck, and 90% of showing up every day.”
― Jeffrey Fry

“Sometimes, we try, not because we'll succeed, but because we've got no other option.”
― Ogwo David Emenike

“لحظات فشلنا المتكررة مش هتخلص ... في كل مرحلة بتمر بيها هتقابلك لحظة فشل ما هتعلن ميلاد إنسان جديد جواك في نهايتها ...
ما تحددش نجاحك أو فشلك بناء على رأي الناس في اللي بتعمله ،
ما تحكمش على نفسك بالفشل من مجرد محاولة واحدة الحظ ما خدمكش فيها ،
الفشل الحقيقي هو إنك تفقد إيمانك بنفسك و باللي بتعمله ،
الفشل الحقيقي هو إنك تبطل تحاول لحد ما توصل ،
الفشل الحقيقي هو إنك تبيع القضية و تخسرها قدام نفسك.”
― نورهان إبراهيم, انعكاس

“I understand how insubstantial this seems, how minor: man buys a coffee in French! But it was Gégé and Jean-Claude, and my own Walker, who reminded me how to do that simpest thing. They reminded me not to be ashamed. That is never a small accomplishment.”
― Ian Brown, The Boy in the Moon: A Father's Journey to Understand His Extraordinary Son

“It is strange when we expect all students to do well academically and ignore the fact that individuals' abilities vary.
If a child/kid/teenager cannot do well in academics and shows signs of distraction, it is an indication that his mind isn't in the strict form and obligations of the school curriculum.
His cleverness and creativeness could show in other aspects of life. It could be in arts, sports, photography, computer world, gardening, carpentry, or any other field in life.
Judging students' based on their grades and accusing them of failure is an excuse for the limited space the educational system provides to students to succeed in life.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“Singleness of purpose is the key to success.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Experience is what you get when you get out of your comfort zone.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Persistent endeavour is the grace to keep you going towards the pursuit of your goals against the great odds.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You are not getting because you are not giving. For example, you can get sales orders only after you give attention, admiration or information first.”
― Meir Ezra

“Leading the Global Market in this Golden Age of the 21st Century Requires Dominance, Influence, Permanence & Compliance! Excellence is the Atmosphere in the Ambiance, Intelligence & Sapience is All You Need to Maintain, Retain & Sustain relevance at the Marketplace.”
― Anyaele Sam Chiyson, The Leading Lights of a Golden Age: It is Time to Take Up Leadership and Entrepreneurial Roles, Creating Business Opportunities and Empowering the Communities. ... of Africa`s Future Leaders. Book 1)

“Emerson's own best insight into fame is in his essay on Character. "The most dismaying aspect of fame from the point of view of its possessor is not just that fame is generally disproportionate to actual achievement, but that the fame that we first assume to be a reward for work well done becomes instead an impossible promise of about future work. Fame casts an anticipatory chill over current efforts because it awakens expectations that can never fully be met".”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Character

“The Greatest success stories are beautifully painful”
― James D Wilson

“The average American watches more than four hours of TV each day. In a 65-year life, that person will have spent nine years glued to the tube. Why? Simple. Life sucks. Life needs an escape. Life is no good.
Show me someone who spends hours online playing Mafia Wars or Farmville, and I'll show you someone who probably isn't very successful. When life sucks, escapes are sought. I don't need television because I invested my time into a real life worth living, not a fictitious escape that airs every Tuesday night at 8 p.m.
Again, majority thinking yields mediocrity, and for that majority, time is an asset that is undervalued and mindlessly squandered.”
― M.J. DeMarco, The Millionaire Fastlane: Crack the Code to Wealth and Live Rich for a Lifetime!

“A failure is someone who gets used to the failure, by allowing themselves trapped in a vicious cycle of failure and forgetting.
Successful people never forget the pain associated with failure. They work towards not getting hurt again.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Successful people bring about new things. Unsuccessful people move around things which were already created by those who can observe – those who can create something from nothing.”
― Meir Ezra

“Success VS Luck
When you understand that you can influence your reality, you call it 'SUCCESS'
When you don't understand that you can influence your reality, you call it 'LUCK”
― Dilan De Silva

“To be a versatile enterprising successful person one must be willing to have extreme focus and take risks when others won't.”
― Germany Kent

“You got to do the work no one else is willing to do, in order to get the kind of success most people only dream about having.”
― Jeanette Coron

“If a man uses his gift, he will be glad.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“You don’t need anyone to support you to achieve great things in life. You are the only one who can help you out to grow in life.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“What gets you to improve is your decision to put the pluses there - you put the good there.”
― Meir Ezra

“For our success to happen, millions of billions of things, the vast majority of which were neither in our control nor in our awareness, needed not only to happen but also to happen how, when, where, and—in some cases—for how long, they have happened; and to happen to the things and the people to whom they have happened.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana, On Friendship: A Satirical Essay

“The very act of seeking sets things in motion.”
― Laurie Buchanan, PhD

“Goals are meant for today.
Dreams are meant for tomorrow.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“If a door closes on you and you cannot find another to open, carve out your own.”
― Joy Madden

“Today's inaction is tomorrow's reality.”
― Noel Jhinku

“SOONER OR LATER YOU'LL BE MY HATER”
― Mukesh Yadav

“No stress. Just keep sticking it to failure until you give birth to success.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“You'd be surprised how good writing matters when you're going after money.”
― Alice Walker, The Color Purple

“Those who cannot fly, walk on water.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Life is a Festival which should be celebrated every day.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“There is this guilt that often accompanies being the first one to leave home.
You will feel as though you shouldn’t have, so you will find a way to suffer, to not succeed.
Your mind will trick you into believing it is a mistake to survive without the rest.”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“There is this guilt that often accompanies being the first one to leave home. You will feel as though you shouldn’t have, so you will find a way to suffer, to not succeed. Your mind will trick you into believing it is a mistake to survive without the rest.”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“All conflicts are rooted in emotions. If you can satiate the emotions, you can resolve the conflicts.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“If you don't know how you feel, you will certainly not know, why you think the way you think.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“If you want to be happy, drop the past, drop the worries of the future, focus your energy to fulfill the dreams in your heart.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“Failure doesn't define you,
Giving up does.”
― - Dhinesh Kumar CEO- Point To Business Services

“Grateful people generate a higher vibration, and a stronger energy because they run on love and awareness that life is a true gift.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Success is a mindset and not a point in time but an inbuilt combination of character, discipline, behaviors and set of principles that make who the person becomes”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“Certain emotions drive certain thoughts and actions. Knowing your emotional drivers is essential to regulate behavior.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“People who master the art of gratitude are people who know the value of life.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Everything you do, and everything you don't in life, is to satisfy an emotion.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“Reading refreshes as well as renews the mind.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Emotion is the most powerful driver of thoughts and actions. If you can figure your emotion, you can figure your thoughts and actions.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“Those can't understand themselves, can never understand others.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“If you don't know how you feel, you wouldn't know why you act the way you act.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“If you can't keep it, don't wish for it.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“All your identity is rooted in your emotions. You are what you actually feel, at any given time.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“Empathy is not just about being in others shoes, it's also about being in one's own.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“Your success or failure is a compound of thousands (if not millions) of micro-failures and micro-successes.”
― Andrzej Krzywda, Blogging for Busy Programmers

“Failure and success have always both a dramatic turn. But unlike failure, which, most often, timorously withdraws by taking a U-turn, success fearlessly takes a head-on collision with failure upon failures until it clears its path along the way.”
― Danny Castillones Sillada

“If you make a mistake, don’t spend precious time and energy trying to deny it or point the finger at someone else. Be a leader and own it, then spend your time and energy fixing the problem. As I’ve already noted, start-ups often fail because founders want to be seen as the smartest person in the room, which means not being wrong. Making a mistake is going to happen. None of us is perfect. But the difference between success and failure is how you handle that mistake.”
― Ziad Abdelnour- Start-Up Saboteurs How Incompetence, Ego, and Small Thinking Prevent Wealth

“If you want success and longevity for your business, earning a reputation for integrity is crucial. People want to work with people and companies they can trust. Trying to hide a mistake and hope nobody notices or passing the buck does not inspire confidence or respect—from anyone, employees, vendors, or customers alike. Owning up shows integrity and whatever embarrassment you may feel is worth it because in the end people will likely trust you more going forward. It’s not the mistake that is a deal-breaker, it’s being dishonest about it.”
― Ziad Abdelnour- Start-Up Saboteurs How Incompetence, Ego, and Small Thinking Prevent Wealth

“You will certainly find whatever you are searching. Not just once, but many times over. Just be careful of what you are searching.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“Failure doesn't define you
Giving up does.”
― Dhinesh Kumar

“Without seeking truth it is unlikely you will find success. The truth very well might set you free, but it’s not always fun. People say they want the truth, but more accurately, they want the truth that is easy to hear. They don’t want the painful truths that don’t support our decisions or force us to accept we were wrong about something. But without truth, you will never be able to course-correct. Putting the company first and your bruised feelings second is an important step in saving your start-up from failure.”
― Ziad K. Abdelnour

“If you make a mistake, don’t spend precious time and energy trying to deny it or point the finger at someone else. Be a leader and own it, then spend your time and energy fixing the problem. As I’ve already noted, start-ups often fail because founders want to be seen as the smartest person in the room, which means not being wrong. Making a mistake is going to happen. None of us is perfect. But the difference between success and failure is how you handle that mistake”
― Ziad K. Abdelnour

“Мені пощастило зустріти в житті різних видатних і досвідчених особистостей — світових лідерів, інвесторів, музикантів, астронавтів, спортсменів, професорів, підприємців, артистів та письменників, лікарів-новаторів і дослідників [...]. Ось чого я навчилася у них: всі вони зустрічали скептиків. Декого й досі супроводжує чималий натовп критиків, яких вистачило б, аби заповнити стадіон. І вони за найменшої похибки кричатимуть: "Ми ж казали, ми ж попереджали!". Цей галас ніколи не стихне, проте найуспішніші особистості, яких я знаю, навчилися жити з цим, навчилися спиратися на людей, які в них вірять, і завдяки цьому вони й далі посуваються вперед, до своєї мети.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“Success is not success until it impacts the community of people around you.”
― Jerome Samson Ukoke

“GRATITUDE changes ATTITUDE in an instant.”
― Toni Sorenson

“When you woke up this morning you woke to possibilities that have never been. Make the most of this miracle, my friend.”
― Toni Sorenson

“A grateful heart turns a mundane day into a miracle.”
― Toni Sorenson

“When we are grateful for what we have, what we have becomes an abundance.”
― Toni Sorenson

“The answers to making it, to me, are a lot more universal than anyone's race or gender, and center on having a tolerance for delayed gratification, a passion for the craft, and a willingness to fail.”
― Ali Wong, Dear Girls: Intimate Tales, Untold Secrets, & Advice for Living Your Best Life

“Faith and fear are found on the same streets”
― Johnnie Dent Jr.

“The greatest secret to life's success is to help someone else achieve it.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“A strong animal with a weak mind is feeble in front of his foes.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Celebrities want to be treated like normal people and normal people want to be treated like celebrities. There's a balance to all things.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Every dream is laughable until they've seen you achieve it.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Success is just a stepping stone to what you've already achieved.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Make it happen, or it won't.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Whatever you desire, you must first become.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Dreams are conceived when you factor in and implement the small steps that will lead you to your victory!”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“nothing worthwhile in life is gained by avoiding what is uncomfortable initially”
― Steve Lentini, Sales Success for the Rookie: How to Succeed At Sales Right From The Start

“It’s looks smaller, I know, The way I can make it even BIGGER, The Business!”
― Mayestron

“The true secret to success lies in believing in it.”
― Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook

“Success is making those who believed in you look brilliant.”
― Victor Vickery

“If you’ve never experienced the misery of failure, the chances are pretty good that you haven’t tried very hard to succeed. I’ve never met anyone who has made it to the top—and managed to stay there—who didn’t first taste the bitterness of defeat, usually many defeats.”
― Robert Ringer, Looking Out for #1: How to Get from Where You Are Now to Where You Want to Be in Life

“Someone: The best part of success is, you'll have time, friends and lots of $$$$$.
Me: ...and the worst part is to find someone who is really happy for your success.”
― Mohammed Israil

“Passion without action achieves nothing. I fear being last than trembling with success.”
― Kangoma Kindembo

“Wir reiten in die Kreuz und Quer
Nach Freuden und Geschäften;
Doch immer kläfft es hinterher
Und bellt aus allen Kräften.
So will der Spitz aus unserm Stall
Uns immerfort begleiten,
Und seines Bellens lauter Schall
Beweist nur, daß wir reiten.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“Behind the mask of pessimism there is nothing more than this pathetic fear that spends every waking moment of its day fearing that we might actually succeed.  ”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“A civilization is glorious in its successes and tragic in its failures. An anti-civilization is terrifying in its successes and spectacular in its failures. A pseudo-civilization is annoying in its successes and ridiculous in its failures.”
― Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski

“Success is not found in the result. Success is found in the efforts toward results.”
― Todd Stocker

“A sudden realization flashed in her mind.

No one else's opinion mattered.

It was so simple, one of those things a consoling parent might say, and yet it contained a fundamental truth. The entire world could believe in Hazel's greatness but their faith was meaningless if she didn't believe it herself. Conversely, the world could dismiss her ambitions, but it didn't matter as long as Hazel believed in their possibility. Greatness not only started with her, it could not begin anywhere else.”
― Henry H. Neff, Impyrium

“Then why can't I do it?'

'You haven't given yourself permission.'

She laughed weakly.

To Hazel's surprise, Hob didn't bat an eye. 'I'm dead serious. Failure scares some people so badly they forget what they're even trying to do. They're not trying to succeed at something; they're just trying not to fail. There's a big difference. I saw it on seyu and at the Province exams. Bibliosk was easy because you weren't afraid of the outcome and could just be in the moment. You even had fun with it.' He leaned forward. 'It's time to believe in yourself, Your Highness. Give yourself permission not just to succeed but to be great.”
― Henry H. Neff, Impyrium

“Failure of success can be shattering,
But revival of effort is unbreakable”
― Dominic J Anton

“The habit of losing small battles gives way to losing the big ones. Failure can be permanent only when we fail to notice the regularity at which we are failing.
Don't give-up. No opposition is stronger than your courage, make efforts, even if going down is inevitable better go down as heroes & not as sitting ducks.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Don't let your fear of success keep you from it”
― Bobby Darnell, Time For Dervin - Living Large In Geiggityville

“If you are unsuccessful, the common advice is to "just keep writing." That way, you will have many books under your belt.

However, to be noticed, you really have to loosen that belt and take those pants off.”
― Trevor Carss

“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is
the key to success.”
― Albert Schweitzer

“Parenting is the privilege of constant failure... and being loved anyway.”
― Damon Thueson

“Some mentors are an open window to success. Other mentors are a closed door. Let people get to where they want through you as an open window...without blocking their view with a closed door ego.”
― Richie Norton

“To catch the rainbows of your dreams, love yourself, love what you do, and how you do.”
― Amit Ray, Power of Exponential Mindset for Success Leadership and Spirituality

“The secret to successful entrepreneurship is to couple your passion with strategy, and your drive with patience.”
― Andrena Sawyer

“Only those who confront unusual challenge can flaunt unusual success.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“To reach the stars of your dream, you need to take a brand-new path, overcome the challenges of life and rise above the horizon like a new sun.”
― Amit Ray, Power of Exponential Mindset for Success Leadership and Spirituality

“Dear Life,

I am always prepared for the Worst,
making no space for sorrow surprises.

Mistakenly Yours,
Life Member”
― Somya Kedia

“The world will progress with you or without you, it's always a choice either you part of something that really matters.”
― Ankit Samrat

“It's ok to be successful in your own way, no matter what control freaks say.”
― Kelly L. Miller

“Embracing an attitude of gratitude is a great antidote for the natural negativity within us and that surrounds us.”
― DeWayne Owens

“Setting self-limits to our efforts, limits a very limited exposure to the limitless possibilities, which, if explored could have provided us with unlimited resources towards success.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“If there is such a thing as the business of sadness, what is its 401K plan or how to succeed without really trying.”
― Aimee Herman, Meant to Wake Up Feeling

“I don't chase success in life. I live life following my principles and ethics. One of the foremost aims of my life is to create value. For me success is creating value while doing the work one loves doing.”
― Avijeet Das

“How would you do what you are doing if there was no reward, no goal, no measure of Success or Failure attached to it? How would you perform if you only focused on doing something for the joy of doing it? When you live Life, working only for joy, then neither Success nor Failure can hold you hostage. Of course, please demand a premium for your service or offering in the commercial market, but please don’t fall into the trap of valuing what you do only on economic or material parameters. When you enjoy the journey and realize that it is the only reward, you will never be keyed up over the outcomes. This is the way to a perennial state of Happiness, to Bliss!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Mediocrity rules in this world, and successful is he who knows how to appease them - the mediocre class.”
― Anurag Shrivastava, The Web of Karma

“إنّ جزءًا كبيرًا من النجاح الذي نحقّقه، ونظلّ نلوكُه فيما بعد، يعود في المقام الأوّل إلىٰ ما هو غير مرئيّ، إلىٰ الجذور”
― Afonso Cruz, O Pintor Debaixo do Lava-Loiças

“The difference between success and failure is that when you see barriers you bring about failure, and when you see possibilities you bring about success.”
― Meir Ezra

“Patience pays tons better than urge to get quick profit with same amount of investment.”
― Ankit Samrat

“Most of the maps that I create go from the nowhere of where I am to the nowhere of what I think is a somewhere. For without God, my nowhere and my somewhere will not take me anywhere.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Fowls are incessant feeders and early risers, if we incessantly feed our minds healthfully and rise early to our possibilities and responsibilities, we will crow with success.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“Hard worker always feel energetic.”
― Md Parvej Ansari

“Hard work never cheats, it leads to success.”
― Md Parvej Ansari

“The doors of success never open to the mind shut so defiantly towards a new approach, that it stops seeing or believing in the door's existence.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“The sweet of success comes after the sweat of discipline.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“The possibility of failure does not prevent contestants from competing because when we are optimistic, we tend to ignore failure. But it is failure that teaches success. Success and failure are not simultaneous; one must take precedence.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“The road to success is rough and tough, you boil and toil but you finally smile in style.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“You succeed in reverse ratio to the number of doubts you have. Success is a condition where you have no doubts.”
― Meir Ezra

“Everyone supposedly knows from this world what greatness is. However, not everybody realizes that we actually live in such
a world.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Your vision is sometimes seen through your actions. As leaders, it's our responsibilty to give our teams the experience of that vision by our work each day.”
― Janna Cachola, Lead by choice, not by checks

“I refuse to achieve “success” at the expense of my life.”
― Richie Norton

“What’s the success you think success will bring you? Go after the after-success, first.”
― Richie Norton

“Final cause is the success after the success. Always step over success to begin with final cause.”
― Richie Norton

“When you're ready, nothing can stop you. If something's stopping you, you're not ready.”
― Drew Gerald

“Our dreams require us to betray who we "should" be for who we are to become.”
― Drew Gerald

“The lonely entrepreneur will struggle all his long-life career to barely make it, but the one who belongs to a network of friends will uplift each other all the way to the top ladder of success”
― Manuel Corazzari

“You wouldn't know how far you can go in mastering a skill, or gaining experience unless you strive and give all your effort to achieve that.
Those who mastered some wonderful skills like drawing, or writing, or learning a new language, or cooking, or whatever beautiful skill there is, they spend the time, and effort, and were very patient in seeking that dream.
If you have the potential, then don't waste your time dreaming of mastering what you want, but work on it.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“Self-help books help you to become a better version of your present self.”
― Deepak Kumar, Apple Juice For Success

“Many people really want to develop themselves, but not too many are alacritous to work at it.”
― Previledge Tafadzwa Makaza

“You become better by adopting better thinking.”
― Deepak Kumar, Apple Juice For Success

“How full the cup of my life might be is based largely on the degree to which I’m willing to risk failure, with the degree to which I’m willing to risk success following at a close second.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“What does success mean to you?'
Those are moments when I feel like I’m
contributing something but I’m also receiving
something. Reciprocity feels like success. (Melissa Harris-Perry)”
― Grace Bonney, In the Company of Women: Inspiration and Advice from over 100 Makers, Artists, and Entrepreneurs

“Failure is an event. A mere data point. You tried something. And it didn’t work out. But society makes it looks like a crime. The label of Failure that is pinned on you is far more burdensome than the act of failing itself. So, the simplest thing to do is to not let that label stick; peel it off and chuck it away! For the same reason, don’t take Success too seriously either. Life happens through you, not because of you! Your success is not your own doing; it is Life’s longing for expressing itself through you. And when you fail, it is Life’s way of teaching you more about itself, about the fact that Life, not you, is in control!”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“Il successo è una funzione della perseveranza, della caparbietà e della propensione a impiegare ventidue minuti per trovare il senso a qualcosa che la maggior parte delle persone lascerebbe perdere dopo 30 secondi.”
― Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers: The Story of Success

“The straight tree is the first to be chopped down; the well of sweet water is the first to run dry. Sir, your intention is to display your knowledge in order to astonish the ignorant, and by developing your self, to cast a light upon the crudeness of others. You shine, you positively glow, as if you carried with you the sun and moon. All this is why you cannot avoid disasters.

I have heard the great fulfillment man say, “The boastful have done nothing worthwhile, those who do something worthwhile will see it fade, fame soon disappears.” There are few who can forget success and fame and just return to being ordinary citizens again! The Tao moves all, but the perfect man does not stand in its light, his Virtue moves all, but he does not seek fame. He is empty and plain, and seems crazy. Anonymous, abdicating power, he has no interest in work or fame. So he doesn’t criticize others and they don’t criticize him. The perfect man is never heard, so why, Sir, do you so want to be?”
― Zhuangzi, The Book of Chuang Tzu

“These ( negative) people were a natural trigger for my imaginative reasoning and idea development, even if it led to failure sometimes, but at the end, I am the winner, failure is just the first step in the path of success, but only, for those who learn from their mistakes.”
― Amr Okasha

“One of the greatest problems that we have as people is that we think too much, but we fail to take action; and it is at that point that fear takes over and makes its home within us.”
― Previledge Tafadzwa Makaza

“In life, if you ever wish to see obstacle, just take your eyes off the goal.”
― Previledge Tafadzwa Makaza

“Past has no power on your present but if you feel it has means you are allowing your past to interfere in your present.”
― Deepak Kumar, Apple Juice For Success

“Mistakes have the power to turn you into something better than you were before.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, Let's Face It

“You can learn a lot from your mistakes when you aren't busy denying them.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Your failures make a hater happier than their own success.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, The Secret of Greatness

“Haters need to see you go down to lift themselves up.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“If you have haters, the solution is simple: ignore them and keep doing what you do.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“If a hater can directly influence your plans, then your plans aren’t ambitious enough.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“There is no magic wand to get rid of haters. There is no secret spell to win them over to your side.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Your improvement may bother people who are used to you existing below their level. They may openly campaign for you to get your life together, but they secretly relish their superiority over you.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Progress on the social ladder is almost always the result of progress in other areas of your life.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Purpose, Vision and Values are crucial to the journey of Life. Why are you doing what you are doing (Purpose), where are you headed (Vision) and what guiding principles (Values) will you never compromise on? When you are clear about these aspects of your Life then the result does not matter. Yes, there will be times you will get what you want, but that Success will sit lightly on you. And in the times when you don’t get what you want, Failure will not torment you, it will not weigh you down. Being unmoved by both Failure and Success is the only art you need to master to get through Life; this is what leads you to being happy despite the circumstances.”
― AVIS Viswanathan

“I have this curious ability to be successful at everything except the things I want to be successful at.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Failure is one missing step; while success is that extra step.”
― Meir Ezra

“Fear will keep you grounded in the wrong way; take the leap and soar.”
― Martika Shanel

“If you want appreciation go by the applaud of the masses but if you want to truly succeed go by the criticism of the few.”
― Amit Abraham

“What's very dangerous is not to evolve”
― Jeff Bezos

“Keep looking at the finishing line in your way to achieve your dreams. Each step you take will carry you closer to your goal. Sometimes you will need to run, sometimes you will slow down to a walk, and sometimes you might need to take a break. Evaluate your effort, improve, and keep going; the only thing you will do wrong is to quit. Quitting will never take you anywhere but farther from your ambition and from all the effort you made so far.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“His looks were the kind that improved with age if one had the confidence that came with success but became blander if one did not.”
― Marc Grossberg, The Best People: A Tale of Trials and Errors

“Trying to think of startup ideas doesn't merely yield few good ideas; it yields bad ideas that sound plausible enough to fool you into working on them.”
― Paul Graham

“The past is our history, let’s go build a legacy.”
― Temi O’Sola

“If you are to succeed in life, you must believe that you can succeed. That self-belief lifts you up.”
― Benjamin Kofi Quansah

“Do what you fear and fear disappears.”
― David Schwartz

“The downfall of a man, is not the end of his life.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, The Secret of Greatness

“The World of which we speak of...
Driving success,
Technologically advanced,
Better Education,
Better Infrastructure..
Better Lifestyle!
I simply ask one question: "Are you Happy?”
― Somya Kedia

“Namely, there is a true and repeatable path to success, a path that eliminates or mitigates the most egregious risks and allows the company to grow into a large, successful enterprise.”
― Steve Blank, The Four Steps to the Epiphany: Successful Strategies for Startups That Win

“Sometimes it realizes me that I am the most idle person hell on this universe. Because whenever I tried to contact her, she always replied that, "I am busy".”
― Raj Kumar Koochitani

“Life is a dream and in a dream there isn't any concept of reality.”
― Raj Kumar Koochitani

“No doubt my heart will grow fonder in your absence. But be sure you're going to be Lonely in your happiness.”
― Raj Kumar Koochitani

“Sometimes its necessary to realize the people what actually the word attitude means.”
― Raj Kumar Koochitani

“Our lives are always limited but the dreams and ambitions are not so, thing big and grow big because this is the only way which will keep you alive forever.”
― Raj Kumar Koochitani

“What currency are you bringing to invest in your job, in others, and in yourself, now and in the future? I’m not talking about money denominated in USD, GBP, or Euros. I’m talking about your skills, your capabilities, your expertise, your values, your behaviors, your personal energy, your time, your loyalty.
You’re the owner of this human capital, and you decide when, how, and where to invest it. You hold the key to value creation.
Therefore, create value, preserve that value, and always anticipate value. The journey from success to significance begins with you.”
― Benjamin Kofi Quansah

“The goal is to be rich, not show everyone how rich”
― Daniel Derrick Mwesigye

“To me success and fulfilment lead in two different directions: one outwardly to the hope of glory, the other inwardly to the guarantee of peace.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“Why would I spend my life chasing rainbows when I can be still and see them in their full beauty”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“Business success is 80% psychology and 20% mechanics.”
― Tony Robbins

“The secret of every rise, every improvement, every success, every progress is to be able to look at yourself from a distance and observe yourself from afar!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Be adamant about your success ; compassionate about your work ;honest with your relationship
and committed to self !”
― Sophiaa

“Choose wisely that which you dare to believe; for once you believe it, you begin to live it.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Learning to crow: If we’ve been taught to credit our success externally and debit our failures to ourselves, we’re indeed in a bind. It is important to come to an authentic assessment of our talents and strengths, speaking from our center. [p. 91]”
― Jill Hackett, Women, Voice, and Writing: How to define, develop, and strengthen your writing voice

“I will not live a stagnant life. I will explore the length, depth, and breadth of what this beautiful life offers. Wins and losses, love and heartbreak, laughter and tears... I’m not just here for the victories; I’m here for the scars. I refuse to experience anything less.”
― Steve Maraboli

“A successful individual typically sets his next goal somewhat but not too much above his last achievement. In this way he steadily raises his level of aspiration.”
― Kurt Lewin

“Negativity leads to fear, anxiety and weakness, Positivity leads to power.”
― Sophiaa

“Your action plan is your roadmap. It helps you get the wheels in motion, and it steers you toward long-term success: consistent, intentional practice. This is your path to creating and sustaining healthy habits that fuel you to keep going.”
― Melissa Steginus, Self Care at Work: How to Reduce Stress, Boost Productivity, and Do More of What Matters

“...the progress is in the process. The growth is in the doing, and the success is in the longevity.”
― Melissa Steginus, Self Care at Work: How to Reduce Stress, Boost Productivity, and Do More of What Matters

“Maslow was right. Insecurity is main source of ego and aggression. Achievements and success lead.”
― Talees Rizvi, 21 Day Target and Achievement Planner [Use Only Printed Work Book: LIFE IS SIMPLE HENCE SIMPLE WORKBOOK

“To win an argument, rely on logic. To win in life, question logic.

If you’re not willing to often take actions that don’t make much sense, having a mediocre life will make perfect sense.”
― Vizi Andrei, Economy of Truth: Practical Maxims and Reflections

“When you are closer to success, don't get upset by the tiny failures, no matter what happen, put more love, more awareness, more effort to your goal. The Sun will rise again.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“If you do NOT see what You want to see in life, it is because of HOW you have been trained to look when you attended school. To succeed you only need to develop the ability to see what you WANT to see and NOT what others trained you to see.”
― nick catricala

“...but she wouldn’t leave the legacy she desired simply through prideful public displays, like some men did. There were advantages to a low profile. It was like a man to scratch his name on the banister of history, but Helen had come to believe that it was better to be the stairs.”
― J. Ryan Stradal, The Lager Queen of Minnesota

“Never Trust Anyone Who Succeeds When You Fail.”
― Casey Bell

“In life when pursuing my dreams I accept failing until I succeed.”
― Angel Moreira

“Normal people learn from their mistakes.
Great people learn from others mistakes.
Normal people think that they know it all.
Great people learn from coaches & mentors.
Normal people test their own blueprint.
Great people use success blueprints that are already tested.
The results are obvious.”
― Dilan De Silva, The Blueprint to Take Your Life to the Next Level: Your Gateway to Wealth and Success

“If you remain the symbol of success, the symbol belongs to you and if you remain the symbol of failure, the symbol belongs to the world”
― P.S. Jagadeesh Kumar

“Sometimes, you have to hold on to the things that tried to tear you down, because it’s good to be reminded why you’re going to succeed”
― Meghan Quinn, Two Wedding Crashers

“The biggest enemy of future success is arrogance, indifference and the unwillingness to learn, unlearn, relearn, change and grow.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, The Secret of Greatness

“Dissatisfaction is bad for health; complacence is bad for success.”
― Ananya Rajaraman

“Success as I see it, isn't about me being busy, it's about living life on a steadily improving way. No matter how slow it may be, I am happy knowing I am improving and that’s what’s most important, because it also means, I become more effective day by day while bringing value to the world.”
― nick catricala

“Even after 72 years of partition, Pakistan is still dependent upon India for both its sadness (when India succeeds at something) and its happiness (when India fails at something). What sort of Independence is this, dear Pakistan?”
― Nitya Prakash

“Today, how can I tackle the fact that I want to be “one of the above”, meaning, I want t be amazingly successful in my field of interest. Simply being willing to be “none of the above”, meaning not to be like everyone else who is already popular, then the top place belong to me and only me.”
― nick catricala

“Be like water,

Flow like a river,

Crash like the rain,

Fly like the cloud again!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“In the Value Economy, you succeed by creating value for your company. You need time to create value, but a very different kind of time. You need blocks of your best, uninterrupted time to strategically focus on those things that you do for your company that create the most value. Low-value email and third-party requests? You’ll get to them, but only after you’ve invested the best hours of your week into your highest-value creation activities. The low-value stuff gets your remnant time, not your best time.”
― David Finkel

“Success is not the final route, failure is a lesson, not something worth crying over, it is the courage and bravery to fight on that counts.”
― Mike Sherratt

“The most critical success factor for leaders is their ability to influence the right people, at the right time, about the right thing.”
― Daren Martin

“Different outcomes require new ways of thinking and acting. The old way always leads to the old results.”
― Daren Martin

“When more is required of you than you are capable of, increase your capabilities.”
― Daren Martin

“When a big vision meets a dysfunctional system, the dysfunctional system wins every time. Fix the system and success will flourish!”
― Daren Martin

“God is in the mountain. God is in the sea. God is in everybody… God is in you and me.”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, Be Happy in the Now!

“There are consequences of our action. Its good when people protest to deliver their message. If they can't be heard . The problem is they are creating opportunities for companies to invest in AI (Artificial Intelligent). Companies will want to buy robots in replacing people , because robots wont protest, sexual abuse someone , get sick, be racist or favor certain employees. . As an employee you are supposed to generate cost for the company not costing the company.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Sometimes the reason why our problem don't go away .It is because we glorify our problems too much rather coming up with solution.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Success isn't measured in money.
It's measured in happiness.
That's why there are so many unhappy people in the world.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“You've failed in life, so now I'm going to give you your identity back and move on.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“People who base success on the here and now, have no hope for keeping it for long. True success takes on a life of its own. The beauty of that life is, it can be immortal. If you nurture, cultivate, build, and believe in the power of a successful life, it will live on well past the person who conceived it.”
― Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity

“The only place that a defeat becomes a defeat is when I make it so in my mind.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“They say think outside the box. I say think without the box . Let your mind be free to think beyond, what human eye can comprehend. Your mind should be thinking without limitation.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“If you have to sail in a very stormy weather, take the word 'sinking' out of your dictionary! Success is achieved first in the mind!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Success is often experienced through the absence of a past sensation rather than the presence of a new one.”
― Daniel V Chappell

“Your day job funds your dream job.”
― Ken Coleman

“All at once the anger ran out of John Harkless; he was a hard man for anger to tarry with. And in place of it a strong sense of home-coming began to take possession of him. He was going home. “Back to Plattville, where I belong,” he had said; and he said it again without bitterness, for it was the truth. “Every man cometh to his own place in the end.”

Yes, as one leaves a gay acquaintance of the playhouse lobby for some hard-handed, tried old friend, so he would wave the outer world God-speed and come back to the old ways of Carlow. What though the years were dusty, he had his friends and his memories and his old black brier pipe. He had a girl’s picture that he should carry in his heart till his last day; and if his life was sadder, it was infinitely richer for it. His winter fireside should be not so lonely for her sake; and losing her, he lost not everything, for he had the rare blessing of having known her. And what man could wish to be healed of such a hurt? Far better to have had it than to trot a smug pace unscathed.

He had been a dullard; he had lain prostrate in the wretchedness of his loss. “A girl you could put in your hat — and there you have a strong man prone.” He had been a sluggard, weary of himself, unfit to fight, a failure in life and a failure in love. That was ended; he was tired of failing, and it was time to succeed for a while. To accept the worst that Fate can deal, and to wring courage from it instead of despair, that is success; and it was the success that he would have. He would take Fate by the neck. But had it done him unkindness? He looked out over the beautiful, “monotonous” landscape, and he answered heartily, “No!” There was ignorance in man, but no unkindness; were man utterly wise he were utterly kind.”
― Booth Tarkington, The Gentleman from Indiana

“Your day job funds your dream job.”
― Ken Coleman

“Revisionist historians either introduce new discoveries and theories to challenge outdated belief systems OR they conveniently twist things to suit their own agenda. The former creates hope and progress; the latter creates fear and conflict.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Everything I dreamed of became a reality, and my reality became a dream.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“When it comes to life, I would much rather have run the race well than have run the race fast. For if we understand life, we would realize that the first one to cross the finish line is not necessarily the one who actually won the race.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Always look at all the award not so much as a symbol of your personal success, but as a reminder of the responsibility that you have towards the world, you live in.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Rather than defining success by the number of people who love us, may we define it by the number of people we have loved.”
― Joshua Becker

“If at first you think it’s rejection, it’s probably actually new found freedom.”
― Emilyann Allen (pseudonyms Emilyann Phoenix and Emilyann Girdner)

“Your wealth is a measure of how much you trust yourself.”
― Meir Ezra

“I’ve done much too far to be looking back.”
― Jordan Hoechlin

“Your thought may become words,
Your words may become deeds,
Your deeds may become habits,
Your habits will determine your character,
Your character will determine your destiny.”
― Kudretullah Sak

“Live in alignment with your value, not your vanity.”
― David Finkel

“Patriotism creates warmth and helps overcome ethnocentrism and division. Break down barriers and work together towards peace and tolerance.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Sometimes success happens when somebody you know, sees a talent in you and says, why don't you try something else.”
― Linda Rawson

“Music is one of life's most important behavioral motivators that creates energy and action.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“I believe in the existence of multiple parallel universes that form a multiverse. And the only way to ramify with it is through our sole duty of following our own natural inclinations and our particular talents composed of many different realities. Hence, generating a dynamic energy capable of opening the horizons of the mind, producing new scenarios, and being part of this elaborate system of channels that plays an absolutely essential role and that, if it did not exist, would make life on Earth unfeasible.


With that being said, I can only reiterate that we are all able of taking advantage of our own creative spirit. Unfortunately, the great majority desires and focuses exclusively on the rapid successes of wealth, status and power, and seek being compared to the great geniuses -without sincere dedication or passion, trampling on their own talents and imagination. And this can be felt in many cases where the technique is seen but does not convey any emotion. Consequently, the production as an end in itself does not satisfy any of those desires nor the existence of multiple parallel universes that form a multiverse.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“When you can't win by being better, you can win by being different. By combining your skills, you reduce the level of competition, which makes it easier to stand out. You can shortcut the need for a genetic advantage (or for years of practice) by rewriting the rules. A good player works hard to win the game everyone else is playing. A great player creates a new game that favors their strengths and avoids their weaknesses.”
― James Clear, Atomic Habits: An Easy & Proven Way to Build Good Habits & Break Bad Ones

“Stay positive for a better future.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Wisdom from Within #2

Here we are talking about energy again. Negative energy results in a power drain or loss on the network, so to speak, Positive energy allows for a free flow of power.
SMILING. HAPPINESS. POSITIVE THOUGHTS.
All of these go into promoting a positive flow of energy.
Days become brighter.
Time to recharge becomes shorter.
Friendships become stronger.
And...
Life becomes better for all.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Nothing’s so partial as the laws of fate,
Erecting blockheads to suppress the great.
Sir Francis Drake the Spanish plate-fleet won;
He had been a pirate if he had got none.
Sir Walter Raleigh strove, but missed the plate,
And therefore died a traitor to the State.
Endeavour bears a value more or less,
Just as ’tis recommended by success:
The lucky coxcomb ev’ry man will prize,
And prosp’rous actions always pass for wise.”
― Daniel Defoe, An Essay upon Projects

“Failure is a pre requisite to success”
― James D Wilson

“Your 'why' needs to push your SO hard that you don't even come up for air sometimes.”
― Monroe Mann, Successful New Year!: The 52 Week Inspirational Planner That Will Change Your Life Forever

“Be bold to begin.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“It’s so Funny how things can change in a second.”
― Jordan HOECHLIN

“You can always tell how successful a man is when his divorced wife still bears his name. ~ Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu”
― Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu

“It’s not that mankind is failing. Rather, it’s that mankind has failed to understand that failure is most often a choice based on the belief that we cannot succeed.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Courage to fail, confident to succeed.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“If you have the courage to fail, you find the strength of confident to succeed.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Sorry Houston, but failure is an option.”
― Bobby Darnell, Time For Dervin - Living Large In Geiggityville

“A problem is opportunity shouting at you!”
― T Jay Taylor

“Freedom comes when you're Brave Enough to chase your dreams, and achieve the Success and Financial Freedom you want.

In order to be FREE, you have to be BRAVE.”
― Jeanette Coron

“If one fights in the arena forgetful of the past,
Success will elude him who ignores what he should know.”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“But no one is strong at night;
no one can fight alone;
no success is achieved without a helper.”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“Your success is not based on the success of others.”
― Brenda Diann Johnson

“Happy is the heart of the king when gifts come to him.
And when every foreign land [comes],
that is our success, that is our fortune.
What shall we do about it ? All is ruin!”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“Remember...
You're Not What People Or Situations Call You...You Are What You Answer!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Woman: You've Got ALL IT TAKES!

“If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, he will meet with success unexpected in common hours.”
― Henry David Thoreau

“Now this peasant came petition him an eighth time; he said: “0 high steward, my lord! Men fall low through greed. The rapacious man lacks success ; his success is loss. Though you are greedy it does nothing for you. Though you steal you do not profit. Let a man defend his rightful cause!”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“It’s never too late to have a happy childhood. To enjoy and express whatever it is that you want to express.”
― Andrew Poupart

“Even if you feel like you're giving it your all, but still not seeing the desired results; Keep Going. Sometimes the Key to Your Breakthrough is to Persevere and to Not Give Up.”
― Jeanette Coron

“Don't underestimate Small Humble Beginnings, because sometimes they can turn out to be the Greatest Success Stories.”
― Jeanette Coron

“Bad things happen to our life so as to favor the good things that will happen next.”
― Maria Karvouni

“Success repeats itself until it becomes boring.”
― Marty Rubin

“For no man has adherents on the day of woe.
I gave to the beggar, I raised the orphan,
I gave success to the poor as to the wealthy..”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“The success of a great will is the greatest driving force for the success of a weak will!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“If you can see your legs, you will understand the focus and determination you will ever need to leave a life-changing footprint on the soil of our time.”
― Anyaele Sam Chiyson, You Are A Success: Laugh Your Way to the Top of the World and Be on Top of the World with Anyaele Sam Chiyson`s Success Laws.

“It was who you knew and not how good you were that determined success in certain high altitude observatories.”
― Steven Magee

“The operetta was the product of a world of ‘laissez faire, laissez passer’, that is, a world of economic, social and moral liberalism, a world in which everyone was able to do what he liked, so long as he abstained from questioning the system itself. This limitation meant, on the one hand, very wide, on the other, very narrow frontiers. The same government that summoned Flaubert and Baudelaire to a court of law tolerated the most insolent social satire, the most disrespectful ridiculing of the authoritarian régime, the court, the army and the bureaucracy, in the works of Offenbach. But it tolerated his frolics only because they were not or did not seem to be dangerous, because he confined himself to a public whose loyalty was beyond doubt and needed no other safety-valve, in order to be quite happy, than this apparently harmless banter. The joke seems mischievous only to us; the contemporary public missed the sinister undertone which we can hear in the frantic rhythm of Offenbach’s galops and cancans. The entertainment was, however, not quite so harmless. The operetta demoralized people, not because it scoffed at everything ‘venerable’, not because its deriding of antiquity, of classical tragedy, of romantic opera was only criticism of society in disguise, but because it shattered the belief in authority without denying it in principle. The immorality of the operetta consisted in the thoughtless tolerance with which it conducted its criticism of the corrupt system of government and the depraved society of the time, in the appearance of harmlessness which it gave to the frivolity of the little prostitutes, the extravagant gallants and the lovable old ‘viveurs’. Its lukewarm, hesitant criticism merely encouraged corruption. One could, however, expect nothing else but an ambiguous attitude from artists who were successful, who loved success more than anything and whose success was bound up with the continuance of this indolent and pleasure-seeking society.”
― Arnold Hauser, The Social History of Art: Volume 4: Naturalism, Impressionism, The Film Age

“Stop just talking... Shut-up and take ACTION! Let your words speak. Remember, when you talk, you’re just communicating with people. When you ACT, you’re communicating with the Universe.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Don't look for success in life. Rather try to create value!”
― Avijeet Das

“One of my systems involves continually looking for patterns in life.

Here’s my own list of the important patterns for success that I’ve noticed over the years:

Lack of fear of embarrassment
Education (the right kind)
Exercise
Education and psychological bravery are somewhat interchangeable. If you don’t have much of one, you can compensate with a lot of the other. When you see a successful person who lacks a college education, you’re usually looking at someone with an unusual lack of fear.

There’s one more pattern I see in successful people: they treat success as a learnable skill. That means they figure out what they need and they go and get it.”
― Scott Adams, How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big: Kind of the Story of My Life

“Today is a great day to divert your attention to something more positive than negative media. Life is far too short for skanky fodder.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Today is a great day to divert your attention to something more positive than negative media.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Life is far too short for skanky fodder.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Good business relationships build trust and create a way to exchange ideas openly without second-guessing the other person.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Collaboration is a business strategy that integrates innovative partners seeking blue oceans.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Business planning is better if a team of key stakeholders meets regularly to discuss and evaluate their marketplace assumptions.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Refuse To Allow Limitations Stop You!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Woman: You've Got ALL IT TAKES!

“We have collectively and constantly created and are creating the world we exist in, who knows who really authored what. If every success is someone else’s failure, and failure someone else’s success, how then can we not all be part of the manifested.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Measurement is an illusion”
― Mike Stagnitta

“If you spend enough “time” in the future or past you will realize neither exist or existed.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Answers come from solving problems with new problems. Must everything have an answer?”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Do you need to know that you are happy to be happy?”
― Mike Stagnitta

“What is a word? What is the word death without its meaning to us? What is the word life without it’s meaning to us? Is it meaningless? Does it in fact have less meaning? Less meaning implies opposition. Less meaning than what? What is life or death without the meaning we attach to it. Without the words life or death, If In fact we knew them not, what then would they be? The answer is simple, nothing... no thing. So then what is a word, if not a fabrication made to solve the problem of not knowing. Not knowing is the beautiful landscape of life, of being. We act like we know what death is, and go on experiencing it while we think we are living. The word for this is irony or more specifically tragedy.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Thoughts are a way of concealing the truth.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“If we live to change the world, we lose our life, if we let the world be, our life will change the world.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“What happens in the moment is more important than remembering it. Being is more important than seeing.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“healthiness and happiness are dependent on each other”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Transcendence begins when you realize that you are a law of nature.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Confidence is how we perceive the manifestation of truth in us.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“A good book writes the author”
― Mike Stagnitta

“The self or ego is like an honorary diploma. It may hold the title of master or doctorate but it is in fact weightless and is actually “doctored” perception and a “master” of disguise, nothing more.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“If all of the people in the world understood the perpetual essence of existence, that is to say, to be truly conscious at once, or even experience satori for a moment, collectively, It would be such a surprise to many that we would likely experience a very silent and still earth for at least a moment. It would be a connected senselessness, and an indescribable illumination and awakening.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Life is connected moments of precise stumbling; an infinite and beautiful dance you must learn to do with grace.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“To be great is to be a fruit from the tree of life. If you squeeze a “great,” guess what comes out? Greatness. Most people live their lives without knowing that they are the roots of this tree, and the fruit that the branches of life help to grow.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“In space we find our self, and lose our self, because we come to find that we are what defines the space in form and in thought.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“To use space and not allow it to use you, you must first accept your authoring of it, just as you are the author of your influence on the world around you. So then we must understand first that we are the architect’s of our life, and the author’s of our story. The same is true for space. To enjoy it we must accept it for what it is. We must define the purpose of space, yet seek less purpose in it in order to extract greater purpose from it.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“That energy of each person is carried into the next space, and the next, the collective result of perceptions, thoughts and emotions create the experience of the world we live in. So if you want to change the world for the better, change yourself first, or better yet, lose yourself. You must lose the desire to control everything and instead find the love in everything. Oftentimes we need a push to get here. This “push” can be in the form of a healthy environment. One that stimulates innovation, encourages growth and embraces connectedness.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Language was the best invention for the mind and the worst invention for the soul”
― Mike Stagnitta

“If you don’t want snakes, don’t let the grass grow long”
― Mike Stagnitta

“If something is free it cannot be measured. It becomes invaluable.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Wealth is created from accepting the abundance you were born with.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“When you do only what you need, you grow. Just like a baby walks. He doesn’t desire to eat, he must eat, he does not desire to walk, he must walk. He does not know desire, he only knows need as an instinct, he must, because he is, this is why he grows.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Formal education is like a billboard for the blind. It robs us of our autodidactic nature. Who taught the first teacher?”
― Mike Stagnitta

“The only difference between design and art is that design sometimes needs a reason, and art never does .”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Success can be reached only by first getting started. Courage is something we call upon when we are afraid but know we must continue on. Determination is that inner spirit that keeps us getting up every single time life knocks us down and Will is that switch that we click on inside our mind that has no off button and controls every forward thought we make.”
― George E. Miller

“Treat your first chance like it's your last chance, because it may very well be your only chance”
― Victoira Addino

“Success:- An artificial battle created by the human being.”
― Rajesh Walecha

“Nothing that is perfect can be taught”
― Mike Stagnitta

“When you have no one to help, your helpless.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Growth occurs at the intersection of thoughtful encouragement and action.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Complete and uninterrupted awareness of one’s self beyond the scope of material form and removed from worldly creation is pure consciousness. To be is to simply be.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“The simple truth that many fail to realize is that we are much more than we construct ourselves to be. It is only until life brings, usually in the form of tragedy or unique circumstance, an awakening upon our soul, that we become aware of this truth.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“When you are your only competition in life, the only person you ever have to prove anything to is yourself.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“We are divine energy; simplicity and complexity made to be.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“Your unconscious mind is like a program that is constantly searching for problems to solve.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“There is no such thing as tomorrow. It simply does not exist.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“Your truth is the current force within you that creates positive energy and inspires decisiveness.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“The human ability to create what your mind can imagine is our greatest gift, though many people are unaware they possess it.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“The timelessness of existence should be all you need to understand the constant state of renewal and opportunity that lives in abundance in us.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“It is only when we accept that development and improvement takes place in the now that we can consciously look upon our manifestations non-linearly and understand them as evergreen fulfillment.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“True rest is isolated balance and peace of existence through acceptance, submission and awareness of the present moment.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“If anyone has ever experienced an idle mind they should have no fear of death for they are one in the same.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Every day is your entire life.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“You’ll always be inspired if you act like your a seeing everything for the first time. If you do this long enough. It will be.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Being an actor is one of the hardest and easiest jobs a person can do. It is hard because you are always living as someone else. It is easy because your always living as someone else.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“There is much more said in silence and in space than can ever be spoken.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Everything is invaluable”
― Mike Stagnitta

“The human state of free will or free thought is in fact the existence of opposites and the experience of contemplating them.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“You lose the need for memory when you spend every moment fully submitted to its realization.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“To think about not thinking is essentially the human condition. The fall. Active unconsciousness.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“To live is to be and to see is to accept, to think is to deny, and to desire is to doubt”
― Mike Stagnitta

“To create and build is the longest growing branch of our tree, for most people it never bears leaves or fruit, because it never gets enough sunlight”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Words are the root of disease. unconscious thought; active or autonomous, are anesthesia for the terminal illness of self or the ego.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“To attempt to manifest what you want without passion is like dressing up a corpse.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Things you say no to, and the things you say no to knowing define each moment.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Your body is a reflection of your amount of peace with the universe.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“As our eyes are open we see all that we have created. Everything we see and or experience is mirror of our conscious omnificence, good or bad.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Focus on whether you are fulfilling your own potential than comparing yourself to someone else. The fact that you have a natural limit to any specific ability has nothing too do with whether you are reaching the ceiling of your capabilities. People get so caught up in the fact that they have limits that they rarely exert the effort required to get close to them.
Genes can not make you successful if you’re not doing the work. Until you work as hard as those you admire, don’t explain away their success as luck.”
― James Clear, Atomic Habits: An Easy & Proven Way to Build Good Habits & Break Bad Ones

“It's not too late to start! Start right now anyway. Set goals and take action. Have courage to fall, fail and suffer. Don't quit. Persist with courage. Success will achieve anyway and be yours 100% guaranteed.”
― Lord Robin

“Is God a Statue? Is God a Saint? NO! God is a Power that no artist can Paint.”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The A to Z of Karma

“It pays to be original.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Challenge your strongly held beliefs to know how far you can go in life....”
― Manoj Yadav

“Being good in decision making is the greatest wisdom.”
― Manoj Yadav

“Always remember two things in life. Life is a marathon and its takes one knockout punch to win a boxing match.”
― Manoj Yadav

“It's always a good time to step up and look up. What do you see? Hope for a better future.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Choose the path leading to the betterment of humanity, harmonization and peace. It's well worth the effort.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“It's not too late to start! Start right now anyway. Set goals and take action. Have courage to fail, fall, suffer. Don't quit. Persist with courage. Success will thrive anyway and be yours 100% Guaranteed.”
― Lord Robin

“We think, “We are This”, but in reality, “We are That”... Not the Body that we look like but the Spirit, in fact!”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, Be Happy in the Now!

“It’s just a Drama. We come and we Go. Why Fear? Why Worry? Just Enjoy the Show!”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The 4th Factor

“Treat people nice, because you'll never know who can be your breakthrough in disguise.”
― Jeanette Coron

“When the odds are stacked against you, break them down, deal one on one with each odd, you'll have a better chance, eventually you'll end up with an even slate”
― Victoria Addino

“Success in our society is currently measured through material wealth and not intellectual wealth.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“* Success depends on previous preparation, and without such preparation, there is sure to be (a) failure.
- Confucius

* Success requires not the previous preparation since it depends on luck and insight, and that both are timeless; thus, such planning can't be a guarantee and warranty for success.
- Ehsan Sehgal”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Experience is a higher education.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The ultimate secret of success is this: If you tidy up in one shot, rather than little by little, you can dramatically change your mind-set.”
― Marie Kondō, The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing

“You may see me as the "Skin", but I am the One that lives Within!”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The 4th Factor

“You need a heart and a certain amount of knowledge to go further than other people.”
― Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night

“And what I didn't understand...was that maybe other brokers only say yes to the easy deals. Maybe that's why I was struggling while other brokers seemed to be moving through deals with little effort.”
― Ryan Serhant, Sell It Like Serhant: How to Sell More, Earn More, and Become the Ultimate Sales Machine

“Greatness and Success belong to those who believe in their being”
― Ephantus Mwenda, The Girl From America

“Perseverance is the prize you have to pay for success.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There exists a world between yesterday’s regret and tomorrow’s worry. Get real, be present there.”
― Dr. Roopleen

“As you persevere and find success, the sweet voice of praise from your own mind and those around you will whisper, "You are amazing. You did it." Acknowledge that voice, but don't allow it to seduce you. Instead of dwelling on my successes, I see clearly the areas where I'm still growing and improving. However good you think you are, you can always be better. This is the nature of ceaseless self-improvement—you can always dig a little deeper, work a little harder, and push a little further than before. There is always more.”
― Chris Duffin, The Eagle and the Dragon: A Story of Strength and Reinvention

“There are many rules for success, but none of them will work unless you do.”
― Reed B Markham

“At the moment of a decision, you are always right.”
― Meir Ezra

“Our success is directly related to our clarity and honesty about who we are, who we’re not, where we want to go, and how we’re going to get there.”
― Howard Behar

“Make Every Day Your Life's Work. Make Every Moment Your Life's Work.”
― Mike Stagnitta

“Expression should not be self-seeking. True art in any form illuminates presence, freedom and submission to truth.”
― Mike Stagnitta, Soul Work: Illuminate Your Purpose & Uncover Your True Self

“It's the darkness that enhances the value of light, your success is defined by how you shine in adversity.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“We are all mysteries, to those who love us and also to ourselves. When you find someone who embraces you, loves and desires you every moment, accepts your mysteries and flaws without judgement, you’ve struck gold. How delicious is the thought that this mysterious complex creature, chooses to share a life with you?

Too many of us undervalue ourselves by digging too deep into the mistakes we have made or dwelling on when we failed at something like relationships, responsibilities, careers, whatever it might be. All those experiences make up the mystery and story of who we are. We are complex beings, all together in this fucked up but beautiful world.

Whatever the mistakes or failures of someone’s murky past that leads them to your door should be experiences you are grateful for and that is cause for celebration. All of us have had experiences, good and bad, and those make up the intricate tapestry of who we are.

I often feel insecure in so many ways, fragile and easily broken even when I know that is only a self-defeating perception that sometimes rears its ugly head. I am doing what I love, and deeply in love with someone with whom I want to share my future and write our own magical mystery story.

I guess what I am trying to say is don’t dig so deep that you end up cutting your roots and the lifeblood that feeds and makes you. Match your energy and vibration with what you envision. Believe. You deserve love and success, so go for it.”
― Riitta Klint

“Don't get so busy on your career that you forget to have a life. You CAN do both. You can make lots of money, become a millionaire AND enjoy time with family, friends AND be a great role-model as a parent. - Neil B Wood - The Best Practices of Successful Financial Advisors”
― Neil Wood, The Best Practices Of Successful Financial Advisors: Have More Fun, Make More Money, and Find More Time

“Doubt will not bring people anywhere. Those who succeed are those who make decisions and dare to take risks.”
― Titon Rahmawan

“Thomas Edison found 10000 ways in which a lightbulb doesn’t work.
Find 10000 ways in which your dream doesn’t work.”
― Khang Kijarro Nguyen

“জাগতিক সফলতা নয়, শয়নভঙ্গির মতো

অনাড়ষ্ট সহজবিকাশ সকল মানুষ চায়”
― Binoy Majumdar, বিনয় মজুমদারের শ্রেষ্ঠ কবিতা

“Success has whatever elements you wish to contribute to it.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“Someone else's big success seems little to you! Your own little success seems big to you!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“When everything gets awfully perfect I let my demons loose. Neither of us can't bear the thought of conforming with so little.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“A success and happiness principle that all animals except humans know - you can achieve wonders by loving what you do”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“I realized that success in most things depends on finding people stupid enough to volunteer to try doing them but smart enough to have a chance of succeeding.”
― Jack Campbell, Ascendant

“My dreams may be my own, but the reality will be yours.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Success comes from knowing who you are and doing something about it.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Man is so busy creating cosmetics for the skin, that he has not Discovered, what lies Within!”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The 4th Factor

“You don't have the experiences you need to succeed. There are people out there who you have what you don't have, speak up, seek for help and you'll surely get it.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah

“Immigration is not a uniquely American problem. Aside from the former Communist countries, nearly every white country has accepted large numbers of immigrants, so there is a huge flow from non-white to white countries. There are two reasons for this. First, whites have built the most successful countries in the history of the world and others want to take part in that success. Second, only white countries permit large-scale immigration; others keep their territories exclusively for their own people.
Different national views on immigration therefore parallel expressions of racial consciousness in the United States. Whites—the only people who dare not express racial pride—let in large numbers of immigrants who are changing their societies. Non-whites, who have a strong sense of racial consciousness, maintain their boundaries.
No non-white nation praises diversity, nor do immigrants come to the West with the intention of sharing this gift with us. Most never heard of diversity before they came here. They come because their countries are unsuccessful. Once they are here, most probably want to live their lives essentially as they did before, but with a First-World rather than Third-World income. They want to keep their languages, religions, folkways, and loyalties rather than shed their foreign skins and become American.”
― Jared Taylor, White Identity: Racial Consciousness in the 21st Century

“After all, passion is an undying urge or quest to achieve, which does not allow you to rest until you reach your destination.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Reading, literacy and learning are fundamentally important to establishing strong and stable democracies. Visit your local public library and expand your mind.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“The things that make a great job great...are rare and valuable. If you want them in your working life, you need something rare and valuable to offer in return In other words, you need to be good at something before you can expect to get a good job.”
― Cal Newport, So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work You Love

“If you want a great job, you need something of great value to offer in return.”
― Cal Newport, So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work You Love

“Money is a neutral indicator of value. By aiming to make money, you're aiming to be valuable.”
― Cal Newport, So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work You Love

“I only want to repeat what you already know. There is no limit to how far a person can fall in America.”
― Peter Orner, Maggie Brown & Others: Stories

“Like the tortoise, stick your neck out to succeed.”
― Jackie Cantoni, ARE YOU READY? A GUIDE TO BE THE BEST VERSION OF YOU: A Self-Help Book for Becoming Your Best Self

“You can handle what life gives you . . . why not handle success?”
― Jackie Cantoni, ARE YOU READY? A GUIDE TO BE THE BEST VERSION OF YOU: A Self-Help Book for Becoming Your Best Self

“Life means a struggle to makes it better”
― Uruj Shahid

“Carpe Diem means 'Seize the Day'! Make the BEST of it in Every way! Don't lose a moment, come what may! Forget about tomorrow, Just Live Today!”
― AiR Atman in Ravi, The 4th Factor

“You are wrong if you consider success as a goal, because there is no definite benchmark for success. The process that we have to go through is what counts. How we are able to overcome all obstacles and steep winding roads.”
― Titon Rahmawan

“When the desire to make it happen is higher than the fear of failure, success happens.”
― Abaida Mahmood

“It is never what life brought your way but rather what you brought to life.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“The cost of success is the energy necessary to achieve what you want, be this mental or physical effort.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“To believe in one's self is to take a worthwhile risk.”
― Ogwo David Emenike

“We can't become unique by copying someone else's formula any more than we can become successful by striving for someone else's definition of success. And really, what's the point of succeeding by someone else's rules anyway?”
― Reshma Saujani, Brave, Not Perfect: Fear Less, Fail More, and Live Bolder

“That’s kind of you! It means I am not good enough.”
“Even "Good” is not a degree you acquire naturally.“ he replied.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“We're not here to hide under fears. We're here to do cool shit despite them.”
― Sharon Pearson

“Do” is a word of infinite actions.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“What is life but an attempt to let our immortal self defeat our mortality?”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“When you accept you have to rescue yourself, then you're adulting.”
― Sharon Pearson

“Does it mean you don’t believe in your powers either? This is the first step one takes, down there, to one’s fatal defeat.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“I will work hard and harder as my luck is not on good terms with me. I will replace it so simply.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Dreams? Ah, reality spoils the perfection of all beautiful dreams, so the dream can find a place in real life, you know how? By being dyed by the colour of reality, its pain and its bitterness. In other words, life will squash you so that you give up on your dreams and surrender to your needs.. And the decision is completely yours."
"No, I shan't give up on my dream."
"Then, challenge life! Know the rules, play by rules.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“If you want to succeed, you have to adapt to changes, not to memories.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“You have to do all what you can, you never know what you are going to hear and where it is going to lead you.. Let’s do our best; it ignites my faith, at least, we are not just sitting in a corner waiting for a miracle, we ask the miracle to happen instead.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Another gate of success was widely open for her, a reckless step led to an unexpected career.. Sometimes, that’s what we hope for after every mistake we make.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“In successful relationships, perfection is the acceptance of imperfection.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“Your career is like a garden. It can hold an assortment of life's energy that yields a bounty for you. You do not just need to grow one thing in your garden. You can do more than one thing in your career; in fact, the more diverse your talents, the more successful you will be. Seek personal and professional development. Continuously learn and challenge yourself.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“There are many kinds of success in life worth having. It is exceedingly interesting
and attractive to be a successful businessman, or railway man, or farmer, or
a successful lawyer or doctor; or a writer, or a President, or a ranchman, or the
colonel of a fighting regiment, or to kill grizzly bears and lions. But for unflagging
interest and enjoyment, a household of children, if things go reasonably well,
certainly makes all other forms of success and achievement lose their importance
by comparison.”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“Don't stand out to be different.
Stand out to make a point.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“I am convinced that something out of the ordinary, if not truly unique, is occurring in Toronto. It feels like the city is emerging from a chrysalis.”
― Ken Greenberg, Toronto Reborn: Design Successes and Challenges

“Our minds get overridden by goal setting and reward getting. Our culture has become so success-oriented that even kids don't get to play for fun anymore.”
― Karen Rinaldi, It's Great to Suck at Something: The Exceptional Benefits of Being Unexceptional

“Because we are so geared toward success and reward above all, we fail to set aside space in our lives to cultivate new talents and interests.”
― Karen Rinaldi, It's Great to Suck at Something: The Exceptional Benefits of Being Unexceptional

“The process of honing our skills is a lifelong journey, and the beginning of the process is possibly the most important part -because we truly need to discover how deep our love for it goes.”
― Kio Briggs, Living Free: The High Philosophy

“Remember, success brings money, money doesn't bring success; and the way to success is to do something we're passionate about.”
― Kio Briggs, Living Free: The High Philosophy

“You continue to struggle to achieve your goals in life, and when you approach, you are struck by lightning.”
― Sami Abouzid

“Sometimes I wonder if the cost of my dream is less about the efforts to achieve it and more about disappointment I’ll experience if it doesn’t happen. But then I remember that the nature of a dream is such that it is worth dreaming even if it never comes true.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Sometimes I wonder if the cost of my dream is less about the efforts to achieve it and more about disappointment I’ll experience if it doesn’t happen. But then I remember that the nature of a dream is such that it is worth dreaming even if it never comes true.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrouggh

“Can we choose to disagree on something without fighting or hating each other , because of our difference.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Success is not a goal. It's a choice.”
― Sharon Pearson

“They aren't roadblocks. They're signposts.”
― Richie Norton

“The Only Person You Should Try To Be Better Than Is The Person You Were Yesterday”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Success is all about finding your true potential and then using it for greater purpose.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Life works this way – when you become successful, everyone begins to admire you, while before you attain success everyone will try to put their foot on your path so you would trip and fall down. Only one or two clever people might be able to spot you.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Daniel and the Six Element Dragons

“From experience in the past we create memories, which are the basis of imagination and desire. Desire is the basis of action, once again. And so the cycle perpetuates itself. In Vedic tradition and in Buddhism this cycle is known as the Wheel of Samsara, the basis of earthly existence.That’s why, if you really want to break out of the mundane, you must learn to think and dream the impossible. Only with repeated thoughts can the impossible be made possible through the intention of the nonlocal mind.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“We cannot even imagine the complex forces behind every event that occurs in our lives.

You never know how and when any life experience will reappear. You never know when a coincidence will lead to the opportunity of a lifetime.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Success is about handling the setbacks, problems and mess, over and over.”
― Sharon Pearson

“You can watch amazing or be amazing!”
― Johnnie Dent Jr.

“Dare to succeed without apology!”
― Stephanie Lahart

“How can you tell when your ego is getting in the way of your dreams? There are many clues, but the most important is anxiety. Whenever your self or your spirit is overshadowed by your self-image or your ego, you feel anxiety.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Some people can't congratulate you for your success , because they are waiting to celebrate your downfall.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Never let success go to your head, and never let failures go to your heart.”
― Anthony Joshua

“At any given moment your energy field will come into contact with and affect everyone else’s energy field, and each of us responds in some way to that experience.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Think of the universe as a single, huge organism. Its vastness is a perceptual, projected reality; even though “out there” you may be seeing a big football stadium filled with thousands of people, the real phenomenon is a small electrical impulse inside your brain that you, the nonlocal being, interpret as a football game. Yoga Vasishta, an ancient Vedic text, says, “The world is like a huge city, reflected in a mirror. So too, the universe is a huge reflection of yourself in your own consciousness.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“By choosing to suppress your feelings you are creating depression for yourself. Some people definition of being normal is doing what they do. Don’t let that fool you , but everyday and anytime choose to be yourself.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Chance favors the prepared mind.” This can be converted into a simple equation: Opportunity + Preparedness = Good Luck.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Hate, Jealousy and witchcraft is booming on social media platforms and has disguised itself as being savage or as black twitter. Where people bring down the ones who are making it and destroying their happiness and lives in the name of retweets and likes.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Attention and intention are the most powerful tools of the spiritually adept. They are the triggers for attracting both a certain kind of energy and a certain kind of information.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“By choosing to suppress your feelings you are creating depression for yourself.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Vedic science, the ancient wisdom tradition of India, says that unless you can get in touch with that embryo of a god or goddess incubating inside you, unless you can let that embryo be fully born, then your life will always be mundane. But once that god or goddess expresses itself through you, then you will do grand and wondrous things.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Happiness is not pleasure - it is victory.”
― Zig Ziglar

“Whom are we attracted to? People who have the same traits as we have, but more so. We want to be in their company because subconsciously we feel that by doing so we, too, might manifest more of those traits as well. By the same token we are repelled by people who reflect back to us traits that we deny in our own selves. So if you are having a strong negative reaction to someone, you can be sure that they possess some traits in common with you, traits that you are not willing to embrace. If you were willing to accept those qualities, then they wouldn’t upset you.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Everything that exists somewhere in the world also exists in us.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“You will attract people with all six of these qualities—the extremely positive qualities because you may not feel that you deserve them and the extremely negative ones because you refuse to acknowledge their presence in your life. Once you can see yourself in others, it will become much easier to connect with them, and through that connection to discover unity consciousness. The door to synchrodestiny will open. Such is the power of the mirror of relationship.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“THE THIRD PRINCIPLE describes how your mind creates your reality—and how, by mastering your inner dialogue, you can literally transform reality to create abundance.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“the spirit is reflected in impeccable speech and behavior, refraining from anything that could potentially be considered hurtful. The spirit is reflected in confidence, happiness, good humor, fearlessness, kindness, and thoughtfulness. The quality of your inner dialogue is instantly obvious to other people, although it might not be recognized for what it is. When you practice positive inner dialogue, people will want to bond with you, help you, be near you. They want to share in the love, knowingness, and bliss that shines through your eyes and is reflected in your every action. This is true inner power.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Our intentions attract the elements and forces, the events, the situations, the circumstances, and the relationships necessary to fulfill the intended outcome.We don’t need to become involved in the details—in fact, trying too hard may backfire.It requires attention, and it also requires detachment. Once you have created the intention mindfully, you must be able to detach from the outcome, and let the universe handle the details of fulfilment.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“All it takes is an eagerness to join the cosmic dance, and a willingness to seek the miracles of the soul.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Spiritual teachers tell us if you want to know the state of your personal consciousness, just look around and see what is happening to you. If you want to know the state of the collective consciousness, just look around at what is happening in the world. At any given point in time your personal reality is synchronistically, coincidentally orchestrated by your sense of self.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Successful people don’t use the obstacles of time, education, and money as excuses...they use them as leverage to get help.⁣⁣
⁣⁣”
― Richie Norton

“If you are a liar, you can not be successful.”
― Surya Raj

“Some of the obstacles in life. They are not dead end, but they are there as a ladder
to lift you up. More obstacles you get , the higher you go.”
― De philosoher DJ Kyos

“Take five minutes every day and just sit in silence. In that time, put these questions to your attention and heart: “Who am I? What do I want for my life? What do I want from my life today?” Then let go, and let your stream of consciousness, your quieter inner voice, supply the answers. Then, after five minutes, write them down. Do this every day and you’ll be surprised at how situations, circumstances, events, and people will orchestrate themselves around the answers. This is the beginning of synchrodestiny.”
― Deepak Chopra, Synchrodestiny: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence to Create Miracles

“Success comes from keeping the ears open and the mouth closed" ~ John D. Rockefeller”
― John D. Rockefeller

“No one wins the Super Bowl accidentally. Be intentional, Be Passionate, Don't mail it in! You got this!”
― Dave Ramsey

“Success depends on the capacity to manipulate the obvious with calculated precision.”
― Elena Ferrante, The Days of Abandonment

“Seek out success but don’t be fearful of failure along the way.”
― Sarah Pullen, Healthy Profits: How to promote healthy choices that grow your food business

“If you want to get anywhere, you have to start somewhere.”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“Every error, every flaw, every failure, however small, is a marginal gain in disguise. This information is regarded not as a threat but as an opportunity.”
― Matthew Syed, Black Box Thinking: Why Some People Never Learn from Their Mistakes - But Some Do

“Love doesn't mean career, money or success.
It goes beyond all mundane needs to impress.
You can even find your passion and your bliss.
But without love there's just so much you miss.”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, How To Heal A Broken Heart: All You Need Is Love

“Remain open to change and you will succeed.”
― Sarah Pullen, Healthy Profits: How to promote healthy choices that grow your food business

“My principle of success is SSET. That is, S - Select, S - See, E - Expect, T - Take. Select what you want in your mind. See what you want in your mind. Expect to get anything you want in your mind, as much as you'd like to get something you purchased online. Take it because it's for you.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Knowledge is the sea of success, and Learning is the key to success.”
― Amrit Das, Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed: 31 Proven Passive Income Ideas To Make Money Online $2,000+ Per month with Your Online Business & ... Freedom

“There are successful efforts and there are failed efforts, but between these two lies a door which leads us to self-discovery. Success or failure is never permanent & only opening that door gives a fresh perspective to our efforts.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Anything worth having is hard to get, therefore – anything worth losing is hard to let go. Success is revenge.”
― DeMario Cash, Cashampioness: How To Achieve The Unlimited Potential Within You

“Doubters are loving the action of doubting you regardless of the quality of your work even if you are the best ever. They will be digging hard to find reasons to make you fall. They want to see you struggling in your life till the end of life”
― Sami Abouzid

“Doubters love the action of doubting you regardless of the quality of your work even if you are the best ever. They will be digging hard to find reasons to make you fall. They want to see you struggling in your life till the end of life”
― Sami Abouzid

“يحب المتشككون التشكيك فيك بغض النظر عن جودة عملك حتى لو كنت الأفضل على الإطلاق. سوف يتم المحاوله بشدة للعثور على أسباب تجعلك تقع. إنهم يريدون رؤيتك تعانى في حياتك حتى نهاية الحياة”
― Sami Abouzid

“Success is a test.”
― Enock Maregesi

“The question is not whether you have the money. It is whether you have the hustle. There's a difference!”
― Nicky Verd

“Be Brave and don't let it get you down”
― Sami Abouzid

“Finding meaning in life is a key component to a long and healthy life.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Creativity VS jealousy. Passion VS Money. You can win if you want to win”
― Sami Abouzid

“Of all the ways that the covenant can make you underestimate your own potential, perhaps the most deflating is when an institution insists that you adopt a strategy that does not suit you - and then reprimands you when you struggle, condescendingly attributing your failure to a lack of talent”
― Todd Rose, Dark Horse: Achieving Success Through the Pursuit of Fulfillment

“But if you rely upon situational decision-making - if your pursue near-term goals while maintaining the flexibility of changing course if a better strategy or opportunity presents itself - you will always be climbing higher.”
― Todd Rose, Dark Horse: Achieving Success Through the Pursuit of Fulfillment

“Get better at the things you care about most. This is the dark horse prescription for personalized success. It elegantly summarizes all four elements of the dark horse mindset.”
― Todd Rose, Dark Horse: Achieving Success Through the Pursuit of Fulfillment

“To put a finer point on the Mario Kart Theory of Talent: every vehicle has a chance of winning the race, as long as you operate the vehicle according to its jagged profile.”
― Todd Rose, Dark Horse: Achieving Success Through the Pursuit of Fulfillment

“The wise sees the relevance of the future within it possibilities, and perseveres to ensure inheritance.”
― E. N. Aloysius JR

“Those unwilling to take risks seldom win.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“It might be said of me that I could have done it differently or that there was a better way or that I should have waited when I didn’t. But what cannot be said of me is that I didn’t try. And without question, I would rather have tried and blundered in every attempt than not have tried to make any attempt.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough, LPC

“Thriving in today’s marketplace frequently depends on making a transformation to become more agile.”
― Scott M. Graffius, Agile Transformation: A Brief Story of How an Entertainment Company Developed New Capabilities and Unlocked Business Agility to Thrive in an Era of Rapid Change

“Make your work laser focused to create asymmetrical success and increase your time and personal freedoms.”
― Richie Norton

“In life we grow within the abundance of love.”
― E. N. Aloysius JR

“Not all brilliant people win in life and not all people who won in life are brilliant.”
― J. Yuvanesh, WHAT LIFE IS ALL ABOUT?

“The quickest way to see if someone really cares about you is do better than them and see how they react.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Be you—your authentic, imperfect self.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Walk in light
or dark...
or fly
where your feet
has yet to spark...”
― Anjalts

“If I'm going to fall, as long as I fall forward I'm still going in the right direction.”
― Suzette Vearnon

“Catch me in a light, which once lit, will never dim. The better your practice, the brighter the flame.”
― Roman Shtrom

“Anything that looks, feels or acts like hazing, bullying and coercion is despicable and treacherous and should be avoided at all costs. Walk away immediately and sever all ties with anyone behaving like that. Affiliate instead with positive, success driven individuals.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Make today better than yesterday and you will ‘go the distance”
― C Muthu Palaniappan

“If you suddenly detect "coaching" messages in your email system, assume you have been hacked. Refrain from following an unidentifiable coach, including one who suggests certain responses. Unless you have engaged in and signed a coaching contract, do not engage in online coercion. Change passwords immediately, protect yourself and practice smart online behavior.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Successful people don't break into other people's email accounts and steal their ideas. They also refrain from posting fake news and impersonating other people because they lack original ideas. This is particularly important in coworking spaces and cafes. Become a better person without requiring a handler to carry your baggage.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Your mind wants to succeed, but your life does not want; how will you succeed? Success is not an easy thing! Success is allergic to laziness! However, it is amenable to intelligence and diligence.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Progress is to respect what is present and vice versa, although it may not speak out.”
― Enock Maregesi

“I’d like to have a bigger house, inspire twenty million people, and live on the moon – just to see what’s out there”
― Solomon B Taiwo

“Successful people do not just grab opportunities that come their way, rather they identify or create one.”
― C Muthu Palaniappan

“Discipline not just determines success but determines how long you can stay successful.”
― C Muthu Palaniappan

“Before joining any organization, attend at least 3 times on different days to see how members behave. If you are uncomfortable, hassled, coerced or threatened, do not return for any more counter cultural pressure. Be safe; be smart.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Opportunity lies in the path that leads to destination, knock on them and keep doing it till you succeed.”
― C Muthu Palaniappan

“Without A Woman, Success Is Like An Iceberg; But Trying To Melt It Is Not Part Of The Battle."-”
― Ekeh Joe Obinna

“There is no failure. You only lack actions and planning.”
― Amit Ray

“In learning from failure, there are stepping stones for success.”
― Zechariah Barrett

“If I'm going to fall as long as I fall forward I'm still going in the right direction.”
― Suzette Vearnon

“It's critical that you are aware of your thought patterns throughout the day. That's a determining factor of your success.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“What makes a person successful is not always the opportunities they choose to take; but the ones that they are disciplined enough to walk away from.”
― Marie Sarantakis

“If you are waking up believing that there is more to life than there is — then there is more for you out there.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, The Law of the Universe

“If you don’t plant any seed today.
You will be bitter, petty and have
jealous , When others are harvesting
what they planted. If you do nothing ,
don't expect to be something.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Entrepreneurship is a lonely road to greatness.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Most of the people who are winning
in life. Have one thing in common.
When they been asked, How they
made it. They say they had someone
who believed in them. If you want to
make it. Choose to hang around
people who believe in you.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Life isn’t won and lost on the first day.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“You know you're doing something right when you've haters around every corner.”
― Cliff Hannold

“The glory in all achievement, is a product of an unforgettable story”
― E. N. Aloysius JR

“Success is not for those who love to chase after pleasure.”
― DON SANTO

“After the struggle, there’s greatness on the other side.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Courage comes when you match your beliefs and values with your actions and words.”
― Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management

“The deepest valleys are closer than you think to the nearest mountaintops.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Yesterday was the last day you said, ‘I can’t.’ Today is the first day you say, ‘I will.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Gratitude is the antidote to entitlement.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Time wipes successes that easily achieved and cheap.
-Red White Love: The Love of Liverpool FC”
― Mustafa Donmez

“The true battle is in your mind and the first step of success is to win that battle with right mindset. ”
― Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management

“Success is about long term relationships which you build on, and it’s best to start with having an empowering, positive and uplifting relationship with yourself as a starting point, which is your anchor or keystone to build from!”
― Allan Rufus

“There are many internal secrets that make a person continue to succeed, and there are many external secrets that make a person continue to hide their secrets. Internal secrets are true secrets, while the outer secrets are false secrets, aimed at hiding the truth. However, the secret to success is hard work, knowledge and secrecy.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Your potential is a hidden treasure. You may not be even aware of it till you discover it. However, it is not easy to find your potential when you are following others or trying to achieve success in an area which is the most sought after.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Material success is not a sign of divine approval”
― Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success

“Notable Things Happen In Our Lives When We Don't Allow Fear Roam Freely In Our Situations!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, My Heritage

“I WILL NOT DWELL FAILURES BUT INSTEAD EMBRACE THEM"

-Stephanie”
― Stephanie A. Colavalla, A Pocket Book To Healing: Your Go-To For A Clearer Mind

“Knowing what you are doing will guide you to success or the going can be really rough.”
― Nick Catricala

“Beware of success. It can knock you into a fixed mindset: "I won because I have talent. Therefore I will keep winning." Success can infect a team or it can infect an individual.”
― Carol S. Dweck, Mindset: The New Psychology of Success

“No matter what your wildest dreams of success, money, or great notoriety are? Nothing happens in a blink. It’s always series of events in our lives that bring us to these places we desire. So when you’re praying, wishing, or even daydreaming, on what you think will truly bring you happiness, remember the obstacles, people, places, along the way will not be left out. Pray, wish or daydream to be placed in situations that get you where you want to be. Pray for the right path.”
― Ron Baratono

“It is a personal decision to make yourself happy and fulfilled.”
― Arthur Brite, Find Your Extraordinary!

“True productivity is about doing more of what is in your desire zone and less of everything else.”
― Michael Hyatt, Free to Focus: A Total Productivity System to Achieve More by Doing Less

“Ambition is the obscured expression of Vision”
― Aniket S Sharma

“Empowered, I began fighting for my passions. Fighting for my healing. Fighting for my inner peace. Fighting for authentic joy to wash over me. Fighting for my visions and goals.”
― Dana Arcuri, Sacred Wandering: Growing Your Faith In The Dark

“The phrase “choose your battles wisely” means to be selective of how we spend our time and who we spend our time with. To be selective. To not join every argument or confrontation. To learn to walk away from unproductive battles.”
― Dana Arcuri, Sacred Wandering: Growing Your Faith In The Dark

“1 Minute Wisdom of Conscious Goal Setters: “I want my goal, where I end up, to be perfect in the scenario of synchronicity... Whatever that is.”
― Tony Dovale

“You can't motivate someone until and unless you're motivated. The motivated person can help you by his successful stories while a demotivated person can motivate you his failure experience.”
― Raj Kumar Koochitani

“Stay cool, stay focused, learn from your failures and celebrate your success each time you have one. By doing these things, you're unstoppable.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“Most people lead miserable lives because in their attempt to win the rat race, they try to excel in the area for which they don’t have the potential. Hence, they fail not only in achieving success, but end up making their lives miserable as well.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Don’t demand respect; earn it. Don’t expect loyalty; build it.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“The real measure of success is not what you have, but what you gave up from for what you have
-Red White Love: The Love of Liverpool FC”
― Mustafa Donmez

“The only thing you’re entitled to in life is nothing.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“Excuses are barriers between dreams and actions.”
― Zack Friedman, The Lemonade Life: How to Fuel Success, Create Happiness, and Conquer Anything

“If you can’t do it for yourself, you do it for all the other young souls who need to be shown that things are possible. That they too can do that thing they dream of.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving

“Respect your privileges and understand your rights.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Flower doesn't bloom overnight. Trust your path and enjoy the process.”
― Rupal Asodaria

“If you’ve got your health, you can always make some money. But all the dough in the world can’t buy back your health. Isn’t it clear that the person who compromises his health in the name of making money is cutting himself a really lousy deal?”
― Peter Barton, Not Fade Away: A Short Life Well Lived

“If you wish to be happy, you have to choose happiness over wealth, power, success or fame. You have to accord happiness the highest priority in life.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Loosing money is not a failure, it’s just one of the many events of our life which happens to lead us to be a better version of our own-self.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Rum Beer Cocktail

“We are living in a competitive world and have to perform better than others to achieve success. We also believe that it is success that brings happiness. We assume that if we can take care of success then success, itself, will take care of happiness. Therefore, people keep chasing success all through their lives as they consider happiness to be its by-product.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“We start feeling uneasy as soon as the initial euphoria or happiness from our achievement fades away. We then raise the bar further so that we can strive more and achieve even higher success thereby deliberately making ourselves unhappy. However, our lifelong chase of success only gives us suffering and unhappiness.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Failure is the first success.”
― Abhijit Naskar, When Humans Unite: Making A World Without Borders

“Instead of arguing whether happiness gives one success or success makes one happy, we may agree that happiness and success are interconnected with each other and are the cause and effect of each other. Similarly, failure and unhappiness are also cause and effect of each other.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Most motivational speakers typically use anecdotes rather than statistics to prove their point. They don’t speak about the thousands of failures of millions of hapless men and women but always tell the story of one successful person to prove their point. They make great promises akin to a good salesman out to sell his wares. Many people follow their advice and unfortunately discover that they still are not able to achieve the promised success.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Don't go backward seeing obstacles. Overcome it. Your destination is ahead.”
― Deb Chakraborty

“Measure your success with your happiness, not with other's opinions.”
― Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life

“Everything's great 'til something goes wrong.”
― Tripsy South

“The obstacle is a PATH”
― Paridhi Singh

“There is nothing called failure, everything is experience.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Many adventurers would say that opportunity is something that you find as part of a relentless search, or that it’s something that an imagination unleashed shapes and creates. And while all of that sounds bold and wonderfully fearless, it’s my sense that opportunity is more that thing to which we’ve been called by something larger than ourselves, and less something that is a product of ourselves.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The truth of the matter is that most major success in this right-brain, internet-connected, uber-competitive world no longer comes from doing things consecutively. If you do things consecutively, you lose. This is a fact. Slow and steady may have won the race in the past, but today, in order to even get into the race, you have to be the one organizing it too, and doing everything all at the same time.”
― Monroe Mann

“Nobody cares how many times you failed once you succeed and be a brand. Illuminating present doesn't allow folks to recall your dark past.”
― Dr. Imran Khan

“Embrace who you are. That is where your power lays.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“A Destroyed Future Can Be Sutured And Restructured By Creating Pictures From The Scriptures...”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, My Heritage

“We must remember that pain is just the other side of joy. If you avoid all possibilities to pain, you also block all avenues of happiness. It is like writing an examination. If you want to be absolutely sure that you don’t fail, you don’t write the examination. However, by doing so, you also block all your chances of success.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Observing others is not about copying them, rather it’s an opportunity to learn from them.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Stay Relevant, Keep Learning!”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Successful people dream and act on it, while unsuccessful people only dream.”
― Deb Chakraborty

“In the business world life is like a chess game, you always have to choose wisely before making your next move.”
― Cliff Hannold

“If you haven't received death threats, you haven't become famous yet.”
― Trevor Carss

“Be proud of struggles in your life. They bring you closer to greatness.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, The Secret of Greatness

“Success is all about fine tuning our own original style following the process of identification and elimination of ineffective stuff and emphasizing the uniqueness in our originality.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Criticism is the fuel by which the vehicle of success runs.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“In order to reach your destination, you first need to face thousands of deceptions. But it's worth it, because each grey cloud, each tear, each sweat are ingredients to get you there.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“Thanks to everybody who does his work and job well. Doctors, Teachers, builders, chefs, parents, students, and anyone who does his best in his duties faithfully and sincerely deserve to be thanked and acknowledged.
Working hard to achieve the best isn't like running away from responsibilities, so thanks to all the hard workers around the world for your patience, efforts, achievements.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“Don't Stay Awake At Night Because Of Unwise Speeches From Untrained Lips....
They Do Not Worth The Time You Are Wasting On Them!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, My Heritage

“We are not noble by birth. We are noble only by virtue of the way we think, speak, and act.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“Without commitment, there can be no lasting success.”
― Clyde Lee Dennis

“People who have acquired academic degrees, without acquiring many economically meaningful skills, not only face personal disappointment and disaffection with society, but also have often become negative factors in the economy and even sources of danger, especially when they lash out at economically successful minorities and ethnically polarize the whole society they live in. . . . . In many places and times, soft-subject students and intellectuals have inflamed hostility, and sometimes violence, against many other successful groups.”
― Thomas Sowell, Wealth, Poverty and Politics: An International Perspective

“To succeed at anything worthwhile in life requires persistence, no matter how gifted, fortunate, or passionate you are. When I interviewed late bloomers for this book, nearly every one said that once you find your passion and your "pot," you need to hang in there--you need to persist.”
― Rich Karlgaard, Late Bloomers: The Power of Patience in a World Obsessed with Early Achievement

“The quality of your habits will determine the quality of your future.”
― Clyde Lee Dennis

“Take your first step and you will walk before you know it.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“My prayer is that none of us would ever find ourselves at the bottom of a hole looking up, but if we happen to find ourselves there my prayer would be that God would be at the top of the hole reminding us that He’s also at the bottom.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Such success in life, which one gains through others that, holds restriction and conditions; conversely, success with own struggles, one enjoys freedom.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Disciplined SWIFT action, with Fierce focus, divides drop-out from the Doers... and wanna-bees, from the joyous achievers.”
― Tony Dovale

“If you’ve ever done anything extraordinary in your life, always remember, no amount of ridicule can ever rob you of your achievements.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“To give a precise formulation of the difference between the productive and sterile writer: the unproductive, neurotically inhibited writer exhausts his psychic energy in the creation of his unconscious alibi of the defense mechanism of pseudo aggression ("I refuse") while at the same time he still retains the unconscious masochistic wish to be refused. The productive writer, experiences the same conflict, solves it by eliminating, intrapsychically, the mother: I, myself, autharchically, give ideas and words (milk). The successful writer sets a "magic gesture" into motion: he dramatizes, unconsciously, how he allegedly wanted to be treated—kindly, and receiving.”
― Edmund Bergler, The Writer and Psychoanalysis

“Infinite are the mortifications of the bare attempt to emerge from obscurity; numberless the failures; and greater and more galling still the vicissitudes and tormenting accompaniments of success.”
― William Hazlitt, The Plain Speaker: Opinions on Books, Men, and Things; Volume I

“95% of people will HOPE for a better life to "happen" to them. They will spend money on external stuff to try to make themselves feel better, seem more successful, and hopefully gain some sense of significance and certainty. Yet none of these actions will bring true success.”
― Tony Dovale

“The popular advice is we just need more confidence, more assurance, more chutzpah. But the issue with confidence is how we try to achieve it. Too often we try to win high self-regard in cheap ways. We undermine others, or we compare our achievements to those of the weakest around us. We conform to cultural norms, believing that what society values is what we value and that how society defines success is how we must define success. These cheap self-confidence tricks are unsustainable and can lead to narcissism during good times and depression during hard times.”
― Rich Karlgaard, Late Bloomers: The Power of Patience in a World Obsessed with Early Achievement

“Show me a person with great pain and many failures and I’ll show you a very successful person.” – James D. Wilson”
― James D Wilson

“Initiate a proper handshake and the whole world opens up for you. – James D. Wilson”
― James D Wilson

“Do we really want to realize our greatest aspiration? If we truly want to accomplish our aspirations, then why would we go along a path that goes against them, and leaves us without enough energy to practice and help ourselves and others?”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“The human being desirous of success and strength should perform spiritual or good working continuously.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“True Knowledge always increases his/her thinking accomplishment and help them in getting new and innovative, happy ideas. After effectuating those visions successfully earns affluence and knowledge.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“We may have suffered a lot because of our attachment to those things, but we don’t have the courage to release them; it doesn’t feel safe to do so. But it may be that we continue to suffer because of our attachment to those things. It may be a person, a material object, or a position in society, anything. We think that without that person or thing we will not be safe, and that is why we’re caught by it.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh, Fidelity: How to Create a Loving Relationship That Lasts

“While failure is important for success, take only as much failures as you can afford to, without losing all your happiness. Failing more than what you can withstand is a recipe for suffering.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Success is sweet, especially when your enemies thought nothing good can come out of your life again.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“Meditate on success to allow your success to expand.”
― Ryan Biddulph

“Success takes scrupulous diligence ; to repeat takes strenuous perseverance.”
― Prof.Salam Al Shereida

“Success,peace and prosperity will always remain elusive as long as there is 'discord' but where there is 'unity' perfect harmony prevails there and nobody would dare to attack such a Self knowledge.”
― Shreeom Surye Shiva

“Ambition has the power to change the fate of success”
― Aniket S Sharma

“In every aspect of our lives, there are many, equally valid ways to reach a positive outcome. There are always many ways to achieve a goal, gain expertise, or find success.”
― Rich Karlgaard, Late Bloomers: The Power of Patience in a World Obsessed with Early Achievement

“Nothing is a turnoff like a New York City housing authority kitchen. People want to hear about that once you're successful, not when you're living in it.”
― Kwame Onwuachi, Notes from a Young Black Chef

“Winning is a habit - leadership is calmly maintaining that habit against all odds.”
― Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management

“For success put your energy over which you have control. Do not drain your energy to the things over which you have no control.”
― Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management

“If you're trying to do something where you will inevitably fail and be rejected repeatedly before you achieve your goal, then you will need a nonstandard relationship with winning, focusing on incremental goals.”
― Emily Nagoski, Burnout: The Secret to Unlocking the Stress Cycle

“When people see light of trust, respect and responsibility in you. You are successful. You are a leader.”
― Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management

“It’s difficult, if not impossible, to let go of all that negativity, which is a serious drain on your motivation, but you got to let it go.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Success for me will be the day when all humans everywhere will stand up with a sense of unity and call themselves humans above everything else.”
― Abhijit Naskar, When Humans Unite: Making A World Without Borders

“If the whole team is not winning, then you are not winning.”
― Cliff Hannold

“If the whole team isn't winning, then you're not winning.”
― Cliff Hannold

“Exercise is like defragmenting your hard drive. The scattered pieces of yourself become whole again. We become strong and successful.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“To achieve great things you need to set your performance thermometer to above average, then break the switch.”
― Clyde Lee Dennis

“Good and Bad always co-exists.. at the same time, with similar intensity and for a common purpose.”
― SandyzSphere

“We are in an era of overachievers where nothing is ever enough.”
― Maira Cheeda

“Those with a nose for success will always be distracted by the whiff of lucre.”
― Stewart Stafford

“If leaders don’t change. Change the leaders,”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Fear tells us to stay down so we won’t get knocked down again. God says to get up because while we might get knocked down again, at least it’ll be up the road from the last place where that happened.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Exercise is like defragmenting your hard drive. You become strong and successful.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Release your need for approval. Feel liberated being the authentic person you were designed to be.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“When making important decisions, seek multiple sources and authentic data points. Look at a scenario from different perspectives. The truth will emerge more readily.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Things only have the value and importance we give them. Work, success, accomplishments mean nothing to me, though they may mean the world to someone else.”
― Marty Rubin

“The only “success question” that matters: Do you want to learn or do you want your excuse?”
― Richie Norton

“If you ask me a question. Then you say the answer does not matter. You should not be worried or dispute the answer I give you.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“The art of war is if you can’t defeat your enemy, because they are stronger than you. Make them to hate themselves, then you will win the war. Self hate is the most self destructing and most dangerous weapon to any human being. We are losing in life, because we are hating ourselves and hating one of our own.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“You can rise again, laugh again, run again, jump again, bounce again and win again and again, only if you can see the glory ahead.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“Never look back. The past is done. The future is a blank canvas. Work on creating a masterpiece. Only you have the power to make your painting beautiful. Do not waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If you have to set goals and you choose what you can do. You won't break the record or make history.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“What success looks like from from the inside and outside is very different.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“Success should not be defined as attaining a specific state/position, it should be defined by the length of the journey one makes in his life time with respect to the people he/she started with(at the least). Not all are born in the same set of circumstances.”
― Trinadh

“No one is better alone!”
― Manuel Corazzari

“the blessings of life are like fruits hanging on a tree”
― Manuel Corazzari

“It’s comforting to know that you don’t have to be excellent to not be completely forgotten.”
― Jeff Zentner, Rayne & Delilah's Midnite Matinee

“the easiest way to open a close door is with kindness and respect”
― Manuel Corazzari

“I’m not distracted by the verbal blah blah... Behavior speaks... You either produce excuses or results. The rest is just noise.”
― Steve Maraboli

“If we refuse to acknowledge our wrongs then opportunities will remain invisible and significant grains of truth obscured.”
― Erwin D. Maramat

“In a harsh, cruel world where success is only measured by financial income, the higher moral values are getting lost and forgotten. No one counts your efforts, good deeds, struggle, and giving unless if these deeds make money. Money nowadays, unfortunately, is the fake God everyone follows. If you make solid profits you are a human being worth respect, but if you are struggling and working so hard in life, yet your struggle and good deeds don't make you the money you need, you only worth neglecting.
For all those who struggle to live another day by doing the right thing, hang in there, God is with you and better days are coming too by God’s will.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“Why was she always so cruel, I wondered, even after I had worked so hard for her? Perhaps she needed someone beneath her to know for certain that she was not on the bottom rung. Perhaps being cruel was proof of her success.”
― Edward Carey, Little

“Those who aim high know what it takes to feel the skies on the tip of their wings and would encourage you to fly with them. Those who sour grape from below would want nothing but for people to fall for that is their only means to feel taller.”
― Erwin D. Maramat

“Do you are laugh because you are successful or because another one is unfortunate?”
― Machiavelli, Niccolò

“Success has always been the greatest liar”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“For success you need tune your subconscious mind to reach the top of the mountain and overcome all the obstacles on the road. Identify your internal motivations and tune it to the top of the mountain.”
― Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management

“Success is not achieved; its written”
― Aniket S Sharma, CHAKRAVYUH - Through the Eyes of the Young Warrior

“Entrepreneur, do you know you can actually start up before you start up?”
― Onyi Anyado

“Entrepreneur, Vincent Van Gogh had no accredited training in art but yet his distinction is generational.”
― Onyi Anyado, The Doorway to Distinction: 200 Quotes To Inspire You To Reach New Levels Of Excellence

“Entrepreneur, don't just think out of the box, stand on the box to see new possibilities and opportunities in becoming distinguished.”
― Onyi Anyado

“There is no success without clues. There is no real theory without research.”
― Alan Maiccon

“I believe ... that you must collect and pursue all your passions. Let your desires lead you to foreign territories. Your path might look scattered for now, like you have no direction or clear aim, but I believe that one day, all these ideas and spread-out skills will combine and create a creation of impact, a combined masterpiece of everything you found to love, and that will be your legacy.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Everything Changed When I Forgave Myself: growing up is a wonderful thing to do

“The things we fear the most, typically offer the greatest rewards.”
― Izey Victoria Odiase

“Positive or negative its all feedback.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“A stone is broken by the last stroke of hammer. That doesn't mean that the first stroke is useless. Success is the result of continuous efforts.”
― Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam

“You must measure your success and failures by your own standards from within and not by what I or anyone else may think because you are the only person you are competing against in life.”
― Marlan Rico Lee

“Faithfulness to one's calling is ultimately the only true measure of success. By your faithfulness you will change people and creation according to God's plan.”
― Charlie Peacock, At the Crossroads: An Insider's Look at the Past, Present, and Future of Contemporary Christian Music

“When you begin to recognize your own gifts you set the stage for real world success.”
― Tamara Paul, Discover Your Superpowers: The Key to Unlocking Your True Potential

“Be helpful without expectation to be rewarded.”
― Trevor Carss

“The other side of shore is always the success”
― Dido Stargaze

“Success leaves clues; do not lose your faith. On the way you will encounter some obstacles; make a commitment and go with it. An assumed commitment wins any battle.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Uživat ću i vrednovati ono što se ne može izraziti brojkama, tražit ću osjećaj ponosa koji dolazi s drugačijeg mjesta.”
― Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running

“Stop letting other people hijack your day.”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“If you change your perspective, you'll change your path”
― Mark Craven

“Success in any area of life does not come easily, nor does it come overnight. It is an ongoing process that requires persistence, humility, and determination.”
― Tirzah Libert

“I did all that with my little hatchet.”
― Stella Gibbons, Cold Comfort Farm

“Success happens very slow and very sudden.”
― Khalid Masood

“People that say negative things only make me more positive.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Favor isn't always fair. Sometimes favor goes to those who has endured the most unfavorable situations in life.”
― Jeanette Coron

“It isn't experience that sets top performers apart but the amount of deliberate practice they put in.”
― Brad Stulberg, Peak Performance: Elevate Your Game, Avoid Burnout, and Thrive with the New Science of Success

“Even seemingly trivial decisions deplete us.”
― Brad Stulberg, Peak Performance: Elevate Your Game, Avoid Burnout, and Thrive with the New Science of Success

“You have to lose it to make it.”
― Trevor Carss

“In every field that's been studied from wine tasting to financial investing, when it came to differentiating between top performers, experience was not the critical variable....experience and expertise do not necessarily go hand in hand.”
― Brad Stulberg, Peak Performance: Elevate Your Game, Avoid Burnout, and Thrive with the New Science of Success

“The biggest thing holding you back is almost always ... you. Start there.”
― Hunter Post

“You can't build the road without walking it.”
― Hunter Post

“The biggest thing holding you back is you. Start there.”
― Hunter Post

“Without exaggerating the point, the difference between ‘what I should do’ verses ‘what I want to do’ is quite frankly the difference between success and failure.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The most powerful energy on earth is the power of creation. Create a new life is you want to truly leave the old one behind.”
― Toni Sorenson

“The best way to finish early is to start early.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Productivity means fewer efforts in returns of more output.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Work is freighted with difficulty and possibility of visible failure, failure to provide, to succeed, to make a difference, to be seen and to be seen to be seen. Work, therefore is robust vulnerability, and a good part of the time, a journey leading us through very unbeautiful private and public humiliations.”
― David Whyte, Consolations: The Solace, Nourishment and Underlying Meaning of Everyday Words

“The way you treat people says who you are, not the balance in your bank account.”
― Germany Kent

“Think about it.
Not everything works at once, but everything works.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“The darkness will always know your name but you don’t have to answer when it calls.”
― Toni Sorenson

“The change will happen in all circumstances, either with us all without us.”
― Sukant Ratnakar

“Change never stops; how can we?”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“If we don’t change voluntarily, change will change us, but change has to happen in all circumstances. No one can stop the change.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“If there is no culture
then, any culture is our culture.”
― Sukant Ratnakar

“The gift of the legacy is to give voice for those who are unknown. The known ones are the virtue of success.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Common leaders become successful. Remarkable leaders leave a legacy.”
― Alan Maiccon

“There are many counselors for success, but only ‘one’ for failure. If you do not achieve success, you will be the ‘one’; learn how to use this motivation.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Success is not an opinion, it is a choice. No one can say that you will be a success or a failure; you are the one who chooses.”
― Alan Maiccon

“We were all reared in a world that concentrated on sin and sinfulness, but I believe that when we come into the eternal world we won’t so much be checked for our failures, but we will be asked whether we honored the possibilities that were placed inside us when we were so carefully fashioned out of the clay.”
― John O'Donohue

“There is no success without clues. There is no real theory without research”
― Alan Maiccon

“I have never seen fear greater than to power and success. Even when they never said they did not deserve them; Are you running away from them? If you know diligently the hierarchy of your values, why do you run away?”
― Alan Maiccon

“Let the failure of today be motivation to do Better Tomorrow.”
― Jeanette Coron

“Celebrating your achievements is a way to acknowledge the contribution of others who stood with you and enabled you to succeed.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Instead of going out and looking for someone successful who could serve as a role model and guide your path to success, be yourself and inspire yourself to achieve that which you always wanted to achieve.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Celebrating milestones and benchmarks in work and in life might turn out to be a good way to carve your life.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Even if you’ve tried but failed for one reason or the other, you can always forgive yourself since you did your best at that moment.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“When you feel too positive to be doubtful, too optimistic to be fearful, and too determined to be defeated, you are undeniably on the way to success.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Stop letting your haters write your bio.”
― Steve Maraboli

“The difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no to almost everything”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, Skin in the Game: The Hidden Asymmetries in Daily Life

“We Gain, We Lose, We Aspire, We Become”
― Aniket S Sharma

“You can numb the pain, but that hasn’t erased your problem, it’s just given it time to grow.”
― Toni Sorenson

“It’s lucid fact that there is no hidden secret to success; this is a step by step journey.”
― Junaid Raza

“A person’s selection of a vocation is a crucial step with significant ramification relating to their degree of financial success, personal happiness, and sense of contributing the best part of themselves – their unique talent – to the community.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Incremental progress leads to long-lasting results.”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“Most men each have a to-do list of women that they plan on executing if and when they get rich or famous.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Success is the achievement of the goals and the dreams that satisfy your inner self.”
― Junaid Raza

“Yet despite the complexity of contemporary society, there are still some simple formulas we can use to distill the path to social and economic flourishing. One of these, labeled the “Success Sequence,” and credited to Ron Haskins and Isabel Sawhill of the left-of-center Brookings Institute, proposes a three-step rule book for modern American life:

1. Finish high school.
2. Get a job. (Any job. Because working leads to more working, which leads to better jobs.)
3. Get married before having children.

When people follow this pattern—and crucially, in this order—life generally turns out pretty well.”
― Ben Sasse, Them: Why We Hate Each Other - and How to Heal

“We cannot judge each minor or even major vignettes of life as a final statement of our worth. The totality of our deeds comprises our final scorecard. If a person struggles in the earnest quest of accomplishing their ultimate destination, their demonstrative sincerity exhibited traveling with an open mind and displaying disciplined application of assiduous effort to improve their own self, while unselfishly avoiding harming other people provides a measure of satisfaction, even if a person fails to attain his or her ultimate visage.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Enthusiasm is one of the most powerful engines of success. When you do a thing do it with all your might. Be active, be energetic, be enthusiastic and faithful, and you will accomplish your objective.
~”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“When you fall don’t get up until you figure out what tripped you.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Fighting is less effective than doing nothing.”
― Marty Rubin

“Thinking about your problem is like watering your house plant. You only make it grow.”
― Toni Sorenson

“We are all addicted to something whether we admit it or not.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Rock bottom is the bedrock from which every good thing was ever built.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Success, don't flatter yourself! You're not that important.”
― Marty Rubin

“Now and then you will get stuck in life, but choose to push yourself to your maximum capabilities and to your fullest potential. That is how you will make it.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“If you want to have more, you have to become more. Success is not something you pursue”
― Darren Hardy, The Compound Effect: Jump-Start Your Income, Your Life, Your Success

“If you are not making the progress that you would like to make and are capable of making, it is simply because your goals are not clearly defined”
― Darren Hardy

“A good attitude comes with understanding your failures are part of the overall plan for your success.”
― Ron Baratono

“Like fear, doubt greatly reduces the potency of our effort.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“when it comes to following passion people hardly invest five hours a day with consistency. And then they complain that passion does not feed anyone”
― Bilal Khan, Success Demystified: Beat Mediocrity, Achieve High

“You are only limited by your philosophies.”
― Germany Kent

“As long as you gave everything you had and you didn't let it break you, it could never be considered a failure.”
― Merphy Napier, Perfection

“Success has a knack of making one complacent, but failure can keep one rooted firmly on the ground.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Self-confidence doesn’t require tailored expressions at all times; instead, it expresses itself in different interesting ways.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“We should think about our strengths, priorities and goals, which will further help us manage our mind and commit ourselves to success.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Success lies in one’s ability to learn from mistakes.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Courage is life's only measure.”
― Søren Kierkegaard

“Success doesn’t come over night it’s the constant perseverance you give. The small steps you take every day striving for that goal. These fractions that lead to whole numbers during your journey is the only way to get there.”
― Ron Baratono

“People often look at the same direction! But success comes from people looking in different directions!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“To achieve happiness, make time for family, spirituality, different types of income-producing work, seed-planting, crop-harvesting, and community service.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Willpower is a giant vehicle that pick and drop you at particular destination”
― Myra Yadav

“Identify and release fears, grudges, failures, traumas and other obstacles that hold you back from being the person you are designed to be.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Treat others with respect. Carry yourself with an air of humility. Nobody likes to work with someone who is arrogant, egotistical or a “know-it-all.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“The artist who cannot conquer difficulties is not going to be much of a success.”
― Mary Burchell, A Song Begins

“Instead of visualizing the price of failure try visualizing the rewards of success. You'll make it.”
― Mamur Mustapha

“If I had to embrace a definition of success, it would be that success is making the best choices we can ... and accepting them”
― Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead

“Determination may require you to burn all your boats at times, but always be prepared to build bridges, for success.”
― Mamur Mustapha

“Earn a living doing things that suit you. Find things that you are interested in, even passionate about and investigate possible ways to monetize them.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Richness is achieving peace of mind and finding joy working with business partners who are honest, reliable, balanced and trustworthy.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Build systems and methods that incubate ideas, facilitate cooperation and spark growth.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Find a way for all parties to win and achieve success. You will be much happier and find fulfillment in life.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“It is evil to give up on someone before them.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The environment that most influences our health and our chances of attaining wealth is the one between our ears.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“There are millions of ways to make millions of dollars legally.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Real victory is based on surrender to the right things, while failure is based on the unwillingness to surrender to anything.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Success doesn't suddenly fall out of the sky into your lap. It's the result of taking one step, each day, in the direction of your dreams.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Identify your largest obstacle to success. Take responsibility for moving yourself beyond that obstacle.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“In business, build a runway. Make sure it's long enough to build enough momentum to lift off and fly. Put the right team in place to get it done.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“None of us are making it out of here alive. You could always earn more money and buy nicer things, but you can never earn or buy more time. So just enjoy your life as much as you can.”
― Cliff Hannold

“When failure wasn't an option, she liked to tell herself, the only remaining possibility was success.”
― Caitlin Crews, Untamed

“There are many ways to say thank you, the best way is to say out loud, “I Love Myself”... From - I Love Myself-Discover A Life Through Self-Love”
― Vandana Sehgal

“Your grandma used to always tell me that just because something is over doesn't mean it wasn't successful. All things end at some point.”
― Justina Ireland, Black Enough: Stories of Being Young & Black in America

“Fuller uses the metaphor of a ship's rudder. He says when the rudder of a ship is angled to one side or another, the ship tends to keep rotating beyond the helmsman's intention. He has to correct the rotation, moving it back toward the original direction in a never-ending process of action and reaction, adjustment and correction. Picture that in your mind - a helmsman on a quiet sea, gently guiding his boat toward its destination by coping with thousands of inevitable deviations from its course. It's a lovely image, and it's a wonderful model for the process of living successfully.”
― Tony Robbins, Unlimited Power: The New Science of Personal Achievement

“Fuller uses the metaphor of a ship's rudder. He says when the rudder of a ship is angled to one side or another, the ship tends to keep rotating beyond the helmsman's intention. He has to correct the rotation, moving it back toward the original direction in a never-ending process of action and reaction, adjustment and correction. Picture that in your mind - a helmsman on a quiet sea, gently guiding his boat toward its destination by coping with thousands of inevitable deviations from its course. It's a lovely image, and it's a wonderful model for the process of living successfully.”
― Anthony Robbins, Unlimited Power: The New Science Of Personal Achievement

“Putting people in boxes is either valuable or wicked depending on your end goal.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Your name is not sufficient for your identity”
― Rashid Jorvee

“Quitting is the only thing that really brings permanent failure.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Failed attempt is just one step closer to finding a solution. Keep working through the failure, it will just be one step closer to success.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Failure always laughs at you in public,
whereas Success, always hugs you in private.” That is “The Reality of Life.”
― Garima Pradhan, A Girl That Had to be Strong

“Always try one more time before you quit all your hopes.”
― Deb Chakraborty

“Time is precious. Don't waste on matters which is not important.”
― Deb Chakraborty

“Balancing what you need to do with what you want to do can lead to happiness and success.”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“As much as I loved all the academic and extracurricular work I did, I hated the intense pressure to succeed: pressure from my parents and pressure from within myself. And, specifically, pressure to succeed in something that would land me a lucrative job out of college rather than what necessarily what made me happiest.”
― Andrea Gonzales, Girl Code: Gaming, Going Viral, and Getting It Done

“Being a genius doesn’t necessarily make you successful,” Auntabelle said, looking at Trent. “Getting along with people, understanding people, and having social skills, technical skills, and people skills along with hard work can help a person become successful. Not just inheritance.” - Amazon Lee Adventures in China by Kira G. and Kailin Gow”
― Kira G, Kailin Gow

“Lack of success doesn’t happen to us; it’s caused by us.”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“As a teacher, no matter what grade level, no matter how hard you try to engage the entire class or implement the suggestions above, you will still encounter “that one kid” who will get under your skin: the class clown, the smart-ass, the student who acts like you are pulling his teeth every time you ask him to do something, the kid who always has to say “this is stupid.” They are just part of the clientele base we serve and they can drive us to drinking (figuratively
speaking…and sometimes literally).  
Please remember that you are the adult.  The negativity or resistance “that one kid” radiates can be handled in a way that does not disturb the class structure.”
― Oran Tkatchov, Success for Every Student: A Guide to Teaching and Learning

“It is not a matter if you fail, but how well you fail.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Success requires summiting all of you in totality, it requires sacrifice even when it is not convenient.”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“Everything changed when I switched from saying “I have to do this” to “I GET to do this”. When I started viewing my art as a way to serve instead of building for my own profit. When I tried to meet people with an open heart and a will to love them instead of guarding my own history of solitude and brokenness.

Dedication. Giving. Loving. That is the goal.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Everything Changed When I Forgave Myself: growing up is a wonderful thing to do

“The ability to redefine failure as an opportunity to learn is a critical skill for any effective entrepreneur, and it is best to learn early.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“You can have everything in life you
want, if you will just help enough
other people get what they want.”
― Zig Ziglar

“The measure of someone success can be determined by their ability to fall and rise again.”
― Angel Moreira

“I will not give up this chase
I will not give up this phase

I will not let rejection stop me
I will not let failure deter me

I will not let struggles affect me
I will not let hardwork thwart me

Come on sing with me

I will not give up this chase
I will not give up this phase”
― Avijeet Das

“Щоб домогтися успіху, недостатньо самого лише планування. Потрібна ще й імпровізація.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Great things truly have small beginnings.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“I refuse to achieve 'success' at the expense of my life.”
― Richie Norton

“Imagining your ideal life success story is LESS about WHAT you want to do and MORE about WHO you want to become.”
― Richie Norton

“Success is certain if you act”
― Olawale Daniel

“Life is too short to mess things up. Go make shit happen.”
― Olawale Daniel

“Your every extraordinary success immediately becomes an extraordinary motivation for others! He who raises himself also raises others!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“When you die, leave no dream left behind.
Leave no opportunity left behind.
When you leave this earth, accomplish every single thing
you could accomplish.
You're gonna be a hero one day, but you will never get here
if you give up! If you give in, IF you quit, you finally
gotta wanna succeed as bad as you wanna breathe.”
― Maria Johnsen

“You are in danger of living a life so comfortable and soft, that you will die without ever realizing your true potential.”
― David Goggins, Can't Hurt Me: Master Your Mind and Defy the Odds

“Be more than motivated, be more than driven, become literally obsessed to the point where people think you're fucking nuts.”
― David Goggins, Can't Hurt Me: Master Your Mind and Defy the Odds

“You can be born in a fucking sewer and still be the baddest motherfucker on earth.”
― David Goggins, Can't Hurt Me: Master Your Mind and Defy the Odds

“Rick, the world is before you; and it is most probable that as you enter it, so it will receive you. Trust in nothing but in Providence and your own efforts. Never separate the two, like the heathen waggoner. Constancy in love is a good thing, but it means nothing, and is nothing, without constancy in every kind of effort. If you had the abilities of all the great men, past and present, you could do nothing well without sincerely meaning it and setting about it. If you entertain the supposition that any real success, in great things or in small, ever was or could be, ever will or can be, wrested from Fortune by fits and starts, leave that wrong idea here or leave your cousin Ada here.”
― Charles Dickens, Bleak House

“It takes many years to become an overnight success.”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“Where are our heroes? Where are our role models? Why are we leaving youth behind and laughing at the ones who are still there? Why not help each other out instead? with a little grace. with a little compassion. Love for all and everyone around because we’re all stumbling or succeeding back and forth, every day, and I want more community. I want helpers and guidance. Am I helping someone? I don’t know, but since the tender age of eighteen I have written down my stories and experiences of love and loss and youth, just so these stories can exist in the world. For someone out there to find and read and feel a voice in my words saying, “I’ve been there, I’ve done this, you can too: come, follow me.”
Have you ever lost something by teaching what you know, and learning what you don’t know? Have you ever lost something by helping someone in need, or letting someone help you while in need? Have you lost something by loving? In comparison, how much have you lost by meeting someone with ignorance and hate?

Love. I will choose love. And I’m scared and shy, of everyone and everything, to make a fool of myself; to be laughed at; to not be what people would like me to be. But I will choose love because that’s the sort of person I want to be.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Everything Changed When I Forgave Myself: growing up is a wonderful thing to do

“If you think that any road to massive success takes loads, and loads, and loads of work, you are wrong. The truth is, it takes even more effort, dedication, guts, sacrifices, resourcefulness, and patience than you can ever foresee.”
― Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels

“If you can't handle my shame then you don't deserve to be part of my fame.”
― Martin Uzochukwu Ugwu

“I believe humanity would develop their way forward quicker if a human didn't have to waste so much time on sleep and fighting countless software and device bugs.”
― Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels

“The measuring of worth and success in the terms of time, and the insistent demand for assurances of a promising future, make it impossible to live freely both in the present and in the "promising" future when it arrives. For there is never anything but the present, and if one cannot live there, one cannot live anywhere.”
― Alan Watts

“I always wished the Lord had created a humanity that doesn't have to waste so much of their precious time sleeping… and fighting different types of software bugs.”
― Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels

“Mediocre individuals often try to mold you into an ordinary person like themselves. But it’s not possible, just as it’s impossible to fit the entire Universe into a pocket.”
― Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels

“The most powerful enemies influence and defeat you in your mind.”
― Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels

“Balance Happiness within your Personal Development.”
― Manos Abou-chabke

“To succeed is always to fail-in the sense that the more one succeeds in anything, the greater is the need to go on succeeding. To eat is to survive to be hungry.”
― Alan Watts

“Success is not about material things. Success is about the happiness you feel in your heart and the happiness you give to others in your life.”
― Ron Baratono

“Tomorrow never comes, so do it today.”
― Monroe Mann

“Every generation is undersupplied with people who publicize their failures but hide their successes, and oversupplied with those who do the opposite.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“A setback is often a prerequisite to your success; not a life sentence.”
― Naide P Obiang

“If your plans are failing, search your motives. If you're doing things for the wrong reasons, do not expect God to back you up.”
― DENVER MEDINA

“When you speak negative.
Do negative think negative.
Live a negative life.
Negative things will happen to you.
Then your whole life will fall apart.
Live positively and your life will be filled with joy.”
― ricky star

“If you want to go big, failing repeatedly is part of the deal.”
― Travis Macy, The Ultra Mindset: An Endurance Champion's 8 Core Principles for Success in Business, Sports, and Life

“Balance, that's the secret, moderate extremism.”
― Travis Macy, The Ultra Mindset: An Endurance Champion's 8 Core Principles for Success in Business, Sports, and Life

“Rick, the world is before you; and it is most probable that as you enter it, so it will receive you. Trust in nothing but in Providence and your own efforts. Never separate the two, like the heathen waggoner. Constancy in love is a good thing, but it means nothing, and is nothing, without constancy in every kind of effort. If you had the abilities of all the great me, past and present, you could do nothing well without sincerely meaning it and setting about it. If you entertain the supposition that any real success, in great things or in small, ever was or could be, ever will or can be, wrested from Fortune by fits and starts, leave that wrong idea here or leave your cousin Ada here.”
― Charles Dickens, Bleak House

“If you think what you tried and couldn't achieve yesterday isn't possible, think again. Today's a new day. You're stronger. It's another opportunity to rise and get things done.”
― Wesam Fawzi

“NEVER DOUBT THE POWER OF PAIN.
PAIN CAN HELP YOU SEE LIFE WITH CLARITY,
IT CAN BOOST YOUR MIND AND INCREASE CREATIVITY,
AND IT CAN HELP YOU ACHIEVE SUCCESS AND PROSPERITY.”
― Mouloud Benzadi

“ALWAYS BELIEVE IN THE POWER OF PAIN.
PAIN CAN HELP YOU SEE LIFE WITH CLARITY,
IT CAN BOOST YOUR MIND AND INCREASE CREATIVITY,
AND IT CAN HELP YOU ACHIEVE SUCCESS AND PROSPERITY.”
― Mouloud Benzadi

“Limitless Passion & Exploration of Ideas, Fearless of Failures & Free of Self-Doubts and Decisive Execution towards an Objectively Progressive Goal is all it takes to make me keep learning and improving.”
― Yesbir Singh

“Neither our greatest fears nor our greatest hopes are beyond the limits of our strength – we are able in the end to dominate the first and to achieve the second.”
― Marcel Proust, In Search of Lost Time

“So rarely do we meet either with easy success or with irreversible defeat.”
― Marcel Proust, In Search of Lost Time

“You don’t need to doubt yourself – plenty of people will do that for free!”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“It’s not how much you make each month that matters — it’s how much you save along with the flexibility and time outside work that you have.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“The emptiest people are full of themselves.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Lions don't worry about what lambs think.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Live life king size and serve others.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Comfort zones are overrated. When you embrace the unfamiliar and uncomfortable in all areas of life, your progress will start soaring.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“You can’t change the world if the world doesn’t know who you are.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Extra knowledge adds no value unless you put it into action or share it with others.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Education is not the key to success; Education is key for success.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Your priorities determine your happiness — place them in order and act on them.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Avoid arguing with cynics and pessimists as they will only drain your energy and time.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“When you adopt an alternative mindset, you enter a new world.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Change yourself to improve. Change often to improve faster, and to lead — be the change.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“You are who you build yourself to be.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“In stressful situations, people defer to the person with the best plan.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Provide tremendous value to as many people as possible, and you will attract blessings into your life.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Life isn’t about luck, but being ready to receive opportunities.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Busy people make “to-do” lists when what they need is to reflect and create “stop-doing” lists.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“To be truly successful you have to break away from the crowds, popularity and your ego for a while. Somewhere you can work towards achieving your goals, say no to distractions and concentrate on studying and practicing.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“When you give without needing anything in return, it provides you infinite flexibility and power.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“The secret is to enjoy life now and don’t wish away days waiting for better ones in the future.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Real happiness comes from inside yourself, not external factors.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“People only know what you say “Yes” to – they don’t see all the activities you declined, and the tough choices you made.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“You cannot ensure continual success by looking outside of yourself. You will never find lasting satisfaction there. Things change. Fads come and go, but the approach that breeds success can plant and grow within you.”
― Daniella Land, All In: The Mindset of Fitness

“Change your perspective of yourself, and you will experience a personal transformation.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“We do not need to strive to be average.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, Encouragement: How to Be and Find the Best

“Once motivated, we likely perform better and succeed faster when we receive encouragement.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, Encouragement: How to Be and Find the Best

“An Encourager makes habits out of envisioning success for themselves and others and teaching us to do the same.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, Encouragement: How to Be and Find the Best

“Respecting, understanding, and appreciating people makes us better people.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, Encouragement: How to Be and Find the Best

“Emotional quotient is more important for one's success than the Intelligence quotient”
― Gunjan Bugde

“Ordinary people achieve extraordinary goals when they put “Extra” first.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Success is only rented, and you pay the rent daily.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Help someone smile and laugh today.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“The questions you ask determine the reality you create for yourself and others.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Don’t just cautiously step through life to reach death safely.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“As you increase the number of people you are able to communicate with, your value rises.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Clever people learn from their mistakes; wise people study other people’s errors first.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Many limitations exist only in your mind.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Marketers everywhere subtly reinforce your concerns and doubts – why do you fall for it?”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Be smart by being alert.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Invest your time and money in connecting yourself and others.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Who you meet is more important than where you go. Adventures are best remembered by the depth of connections with friends, not countries visited.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“I firmly believe strangers are just friends I haven’t met yet.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Let’s do life together – it’s far better.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“You can’t grab opportunities if you are still clinging to last year’s junk.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“People will travel across the globe to observe and experience what they ignore at home.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Success is math; not magic. It is the sum of a behavioral equation… not the spontaneous fruition of wishful thinking.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Like branches in a tree, we all grow in different directions, yet our roots remain as one.

















Poem 'Forked Branches' 2010 Rise Up and Salute the Sun, pg. 108”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Sometimes life doesn’t unfold
the way you want it.
But don’t despair, stay calm and go with the flow.
One day you will realize
that the present is better of what you had wished for.”
― Linda Alfiori

“I've traveled the world, I've searched the literature. Nothing has answered my questions like the life and words of Jesus. I'm not into religion, I'm into a relationship with him. Several years ago I was in a Seattle airport washroom during an earthquake (what a place to die!). I'd been on a trip to check out a job offering three times my current salary. I'd been dreaming about a step up the ladder, about all the stuff I could buy, all the prestige I could have. But the earthquake shook me hard. (As the place shook, the guy in the stall next to me yelled, 'Did I do that?') Back on the plane, I wrote down my definition of success on an airline napkin: 'I will consider myself a success when I'm walking close to Jesus every day, when I'm building a strong marriage and performing meaningful work. I'll consider myself a success when I'm making others homesick for heaven.' That's my life mission and I can't believe how much fun I'm having following it.”
― Phil Callaway

“The line between greatness and insanity is very thin, James. Many great people actually cross over it more than once.”
― Kosoko Jackson, A Place For Wolves

“Success often feels surprisingly empty. That holds true not just for financial success, but for the kind of self-improvement we've always thoughts to be healthy and good.”
― Ryder Carroll, The Bullet Journal Method: Track the Past, Order the Present, Design the Future

“No longer satisfied with what we already have, we treat our withdrawal pains by incrementally upping the dosage. More shoes, more booze, more sex, more food, more "likes," just more. This phenomenon is known as hedonic adaptation>”
― Ryder Carroll, The Bullet Journal Method: Track the Past, Order the Present, Design the Future

“Be careful...Mind Who You Open Up to: Not All Sympathies Are Real, Besides...You Don't Need Sympathy, You Only Need Grace!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different

“If your life flashed before your eyes right now, would it be worth watching?”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Never apologize for being you.”
― ricky star

“No one believes in your dream but you. And it’s up to you to make it happen.”
― ricky star

“Rather than wither away, I wish for you to grow and flourish in all aspects of life.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Your name is your brand and your brand is your name. If you can take your name and market it. Make it a brand and make it a business.You are successful.”
― ricky star

“Success is not someone discovering you. It’s you discovering yourself.”
― ricky star

“With this morning’s sunrise comes a day of things that have never been.”
― Toni Sorenson

“You are as invincible as you decide to be.”
― Toni Sorenson

“I’ve learned more from discomfort than I could ever have learned from pleasure.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Why is the fact that each of us comes from a culture with its own distinctive mix of strengths and weaknesses, tendencies and predispositions, so difficult to acknowledge? Who we are cannot be separated from where we’re from—and when we ignore that fact, planes crash.”
― Malcolm Gladwell

“If you attain fame and fortune, and do not attain gratitude along with it, the chances are that you will not enjoy that fame or that fortune.”
― Napoleon Hill, Success Habits: Proven Principles for Greater Wealth, Health, and Happiness

“Don’t get discouraged or compare yourself to people. Focus on improving yourself each day, slowly but surely.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“A single strike parts a champion from a corpse.”
– Praesi proverb”
― ErraticErrata, So You Want to Be a Villain?

“Learn how to lead, with your body and actions, not words.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“If you were going to compete successfully in a white man's world, you had to learn to play the white man's game. It was not enough that an Indian be as good as; an Indian had to be better than.”
― Janet Campbell Hale

“The celebration of a new year has little to do with a new calendar and everything to do with a new start.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Do something you’ve never done to achieve something you’ve never achieved.”
― Toni Sorenson

“To live is to risk a broken heart and a broken limb. It’s going where you’ve never ventured, it’s loving without guarantee that you’ll be loved back, it’s tasting, smelling, seeing, touching, and hearing new senses. It’s daring to do what you’re on this planet to do. Only you can decide what that is.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Every morning we get to reach into a treasure box and hear life whisper, “I’ll give you what you choose and I’ll multiply what you choose to share.”
― Toni Sorenson

“The curtain has fallen on the past, the performance has gone dark and the actors have moved on. Applaud the show, but don’t stay in the dark, hoping for a reprisal that will never come. It’s time to get up and move toward the next act, the one that stars YOU.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Take an inventory of the people to whom you are indebted for the good life you have. Honor them with a good thought, a thank you note, or an act of service. There’s nothing more empowering than the human connection.”
― Toni Sorenson

“What happened before does not determine what will happen next. YOU DO.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Many of us get caught up in our own worldview and lock up our own potential. Anyone who can break free of this can fully use their potential to become rich.”
― Suh Yoon Lee, The Having: The Secret Art of Feeling and Growing Rich

“If we’ve sowed the seeds of good fortune in our unconscious minds, we’ll harvest their fruit when the time comes without fail.”
― Suh Yoon Lee, The Having: The Secret Art of Feeling and Growing Rich

“Good fortune is multiplied by our effort, not added to it. If your effort is zero and you multiply it, the outcome is still zero. In the end, you’ve gained nothing.”
― Suh Yoon Lee

“Your creation is the metaphor of your felicity!”
― Trupti Haldankar

“Opportunity flies on wings. If you want to seize it, you must be willing to catch it.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Speed will not take you to success but right direction will.”
― Mohith Agadi

“I learned that when one needs anything very badly, it is very difficult for him to find anyone who wishes to help him get it, but when one gets over the hump, achieves recognition, and no longer needs help, then just about everybody on earth wants to do something for him.”
― Napoleon Hill, Success Habits: Proven Principles for Greater Wealth, Health, and Happiness

“Life is in motion so everything is changing: your body, your mind, your relationships, your environment. You can’t control what happens around you, but you have control of what happens within you.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Be aware. Be awake. Appreciate that today is a gift that will be gone tomorrow.”
― Toni Sorenson

“No more wanting. It’s time to work. No more hoping. It’s time to help yourself. No more dreaming. It’s time to do. No more waiting for something good to happen to us, it’s time to make something good happen through us.”
― Toni Sorenson

“No one was placed on this earth without a purpose. Everyone matters.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Having the right mindset is paramount for success.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“If it doesn’t fit comfortably within your heart, let it go.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Health is the gift we give ourselves every time we workout.”
― Toni Sorenson

“It is not wrong to feel down or disappointed, what is wrong is to quit. As long you are doing the right thing you are on the right track, and you will succeed by God's will.”
― Noora Ahmed Alsuwaidi

“The Fifth Law: With persistence success can come at any time.”
― Albert-László Barabási, The Formula: The Universal Laws of Success

“Success at work can be attained only when you have a sincere willingness to follow the path that is right for you.”
― Daphne Michaels, Mountaintop Prosperity: Move Quickly to New Heights in Life, Work and Money

“Success is not about perfection. It is about being authentic.”
― Daphne Michaels, Mountaintop Prosperity: Move Quickly to New Heights in Life, Work and Money

“Visibility is not vulnerability. It is an important step on the ladder of success to stand out as an individual.”
― Daphne Michaels

“What Would You Do If You Knew You Could Not Fail?”
― Eleanor Roosevelt

“Thus, lacking the necessary follow-through required for sustained success, pure Jupiterian energy will not succeed. It can translate to a case of easy come, easy go.
On the other hand, pure Saturnian energy would struggle without Fortune’s favor. Here we will see diligent people beset with trials and tribulations, one after another.”
― Cate East, Success Astrology: Your Celestial Map of Success

“Unlike Saturn who prefers limiting its territory to a manageable size, Jupiter actually goes out and takes chances. And surprisingly, the more chances one seems to take, the more likely one can find opportunities.”
― Cate East, Success Astrology: Your Celestial Map of Success

“It is extremely difficult, if not impossible, to think well of yourself while you are envious.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Decide today that there’s going to be a plot twist in your life story. Be that twist.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Now, many people have a problem with their bubbles being burst. Some people don’t want to go back into reality—they just want to be left alone with their ideas, daydreams, and fantasies. When Saturn comes to meet them, weighs their dreams against reality and finds the same wanting, they get a little sore. When they want a castle but Saturn brings them a bungalow because that’s all they could afford, they could get a little mad and pouty. I myself do, sometimes.”
― Cate East

“[Life] is like a go player who, not wasting a move, gets the jump on his opponent by sacrificing a small advantage to achieve a great one. It is easy, of course, to sacrifice three stones in order to get ten. The hard thing is to sacrifice ten stones in order to gain eleven.”
― Yoshida Kenkō

“Those who invest the most, get the greatest success.”
― Jeanette Coron

“Let you welcome each morning in your life with much admiration & joy regardless of your hesitations, confusions, uncertainties & vulnerabilities. Let you persistently shower your world with all your love & affections while improving your relationship with yourself. Let you work hard to grow & to overcome your challenges while remaining dedicated to remain healed, healthy, happy & unruffled. Let your extraordinariness survive under the hair-raising circumstances & makes you more remarkable, beautiful, astounding, unmistakable & heavenly with each such episode. Let you always be celebrated for being a saving grace & alchemist by your beloved ones & society at large. Stay Successful & Blessed!”
― Rajesh Goyal

“Relativity, in our case, means that success is relative to the time frame you choose to measure it with. An hour? A month? A year? A decade? A lifetime?”
― Cate East, Success Astrology: Your Celestial Map of Success

“Don't let someone else's opinion influence your own observations”
― Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip

“Saturn is a hard master. You may deny him all your life but when he comes knocking at your door, you will have no choice but to deliver.”
― Cate East, Success Astrology: Your Celestial Map of Success

“As such, it is in my humble opinion as an astrologer that Donald Trump will not be impeached as long as Saturn is in Capricorn. However, as Saturn enters his 7th House in Aquarius in December 2020 up until March 2023, he will experience a major obstacle that may compel him to readjust his Goal. As such, it can present itself as possible difficulties if he tries for re-election, forcing him to modify his strategy and rethink his moves. Or, it could have something to do with marriage troubles (the 7th House is concerned with relationships, after all). But it would be a temporary hurdle. All’s well for him as he is still in the steady climb state until 2028, when Saturn enters his 10th House and halts his progress, so he can still get re-elected either in 2020 or 2024 should he retain his Goal of becoming President.”
― Cate East, Success Astrology: Your Celestial Map of Success

“SUCCESS requires SACRIFICE.”
― Jeanette Coron

“In order to be FREE, you have to be BRAVE.”
― Jeanette Coron

“For example, Angelina Jolie had Uranus transiting her 10th House roughly from 2010/11-2018/19, the House containing her Midheaven. As we can see, her popularity exploded in this period and she was propelled to stardom. Since Uranus rules sudden changes, her reputation in the tabloids seemed to fluctuate to either side. We may possibly see her return to more normal levels of stardom in 2019 once Uranus leaves her 10th House in March. However, as the Coarse Tuning Map has shown us, she is still well underway to manifest further success. Though now it may be in the slower, traditional Saturn way, together with the easygoing, occasional fortune of the Jupiter way.”
― Cate East, Success Astrology: Your Celestial Map of Success

“Another interesting example of this sudden thrust into the limelight from 2010/11-2018/19 is the case of Meghan, Duchess of Sussex (Rodden Rating AA), who like Angelina also had Uranus transiting her 10th House, containing her Midheaven. Early in her career, she had difficulty getting roles as an actress until she landed the part of Rachel Zane in July 2011 in the popular Suits TV Show, a role which suddenly made her popular. As if her instant success wasn’t enough, she also dated and eventually married into royalty as is well-known. Like Angelina, her reputation in the mainstream media seems to swing either way as well. As Uranus leaves her 10th House in 2019, we may find a settling down of her career and reputation sphere, perhaps as she eases more comfortably into her royal life.”
― Cate East, Success Astrology: Your Celestial Map of Success

“The best way of handling astrological transits is to go with the flow. If the Universe is leading you to a certain place by hook or by crook, there’s probably a reason.”
― Cate East, Success Astrology: Your Celestial Map of Success

“I thank you for your time. I can’t say that I wish you success—as we all have our turns with it, after all. However, I will wish you peace, happiness, and enlightenment—things that not everyone, even the most powerful, is successful at having.”
― Cate East, Success Astrology: Your Celestial Map of Success

“Letting go doesn’t mean giving up, it means moving on.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Success often came not from being in the right place at the right time, but from being able to recognise being in the right place at the right time.”
― Meg Jay, Supernormal

“It is not too late, friends, to dig up that buried dream and give it breath again.”
― Toni Sorenson

“You have a work to do that will never be accomplished if you don’t move forward today.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Goals are dots that connect us to our dreams.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Run, lift, stretch, move, move, move to live”
― Toni Sorenson

“For a change, don't add new things in your life as a new year's resolution. Instead, do more of what's already working for you and stop doing things that are time-waste.”
― Salil Jha

“The First Law: Performance drives success,
but when performance can’t be measured,
networks drive success.”
― Albert-László Barabási, The Formula: The Universal Laws of Success

“When what we have mastered becomes mundane, we feel pain. The antidote is pursuit.”
― Kelsey Ramsden, Success Hangover: Ignite Your Next Act. Screw Your Status Quo. Feel Alive Again.

“You are young, so young
that failure seems impossible.”
― Ben Ditmars, Night Poems

“We make and create riches and wealth to give 'em all away .... before we expire”
― H.Emma

“Guerrilla networking does not mean meeting people. It means becoming the type of person other people want to meet.”
― Monroe Mann, Guerrilla Networking: A Proven Battle Plan to Attract the Very People You Want to Meet

“When I tested decisions made up by intellect and the ones when followed intuition, the latter always won.”
― Sahara Sanders, Gods’ Food

“The Second Law: Performance is bounded,
but success is unbounded.”
― Albert-László Barabási, The Formula: The Universal Laws of Success

“Schooling isn't important to get success but studies, experiences and skills are essential.”
― Inu Etc

“Don’t be afraid to be afraid, have the courage to face fear, and jump - there are lots of great things that happen when we decide to take risks."

(C)(P) Tânia Tomé”
― Tania Tome

“To believe in yourself and to follow your dreams, to have goals in life and a drive to succeed, and to surround yourself with the things and the people that make you happy - this is success!”
― Sasha Azevedo

“You won’t win every fight… but the key to success isn’t dominating every single battle; sometimes it’s retreating - living to fight another day when the odds are better, find your strengths, learn your weaknesses, pick your battles.”
― Caleb Roehrig, Death Prefers Blondes

“The Third Law: Previous success × fitness = future success.”
― Albert-László Barabási, The Formula: The Universal Laws of Success

“Don’t feel undeserving for the success you’ve worked for. Don’t sabotage your own progress in fear that you can’t live up to how awesome you really are. Wear your blessing proudly and pass your goodness on to everyone you meet. It will be the open hearted and the joyful minds that recognize your loving spirit and dedication.”
― Ron Baratono, Our Reflections

“The Fourth Law: While team success requires diversity and balance, a single individual will receive credit for the group’s achievements.”
― Albert-László Barabási, The Formula: The Universal Laws of Success

“The success of social media companies largely depends on our failure not to spend too much time on their platforms.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“My two keys to writing a good story: 1. Keep it simple, 2. Let the story be the star, not the words you use.”
― Ian Pike Hammer

“Most overnight successes are about ten years in the making.”
― Amy Leigh Mercree

“Don't fight your biology. Get out of your own way and make all your activity align with the same goal. Once you've achieved that goal - then you can pivot and work toward something else.”
― K Black, Tactical Barbell: Mass Protocol

“Be the sunshine you wish to have in your life”
― Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel

“We try, we fail then we get in a loop and that's where things start working.”
― KAMLESH MISHRA

“when you wait to be praised by others;
when you wait to be valued by others;
when you wait to be welcomed by others;
when you wait to be loved by others,
then ask yourself who are you to others!?
Well, you will find that the simplest answer is that you are NOTHING to others and NOTHING to your own self.
Your goal in life is to live your own life and create your own destiny and not to live other peoples' lives and their own destiny and for sure not their own tastes and feelings.”
― Hisham Fawzi

“The road to success isn’t necessarily the road to happiness.”
― Viktor Tatarczuk

“Rome was not built in one day; But one day Rome was built.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Doing one thing at a time is a recipe for a life that won't keep up with your dreams.”
― Monroe Mann, Time Zen: aka Winners Do It Now - The shortest and most effective time management and success system ever created.

“It might take time, that needs patience and in the end, all the hard work is worthwhile, but just keep in mind your goals and purposes, and then use self-discipline as an invaluable tool to get to where you are going.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Impatience is even more unfortunate in the talented.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“For you, if you attain your goal and cannot find some way to transcend the experience of having that goal be your entire existence, your raison de faire, so, then one of two things will happen...One, one is that you attain the goal and realize the shocking realization that attaining the goal does not complete you or redeem you, does not make everything for your life "OK" as you are, in the culture, educated to assume it will do this, the goal. And then you face this fact that what you had thought would have the meaning does not have the meaning when you get it, and you are impaled by shock...Or the other possibility of doom...They attain the goal, thus, and put as much equal passion into celebrating their attainment as they had put into pursuing the attainment. This is called here the Syndrome of the Endless Party. The celebrity, money, sexual behaviors, drugs and substances. The glitter. They become celebrities instead of players, and because they are celebrities only as long as they feed the culture-of-goal's hunger for the make-it, the winning, they are doomed, because you cannot both celebrate and suffer, and play is always suffering, just so.”
― David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest

“I couldn’t wait for success - So I went a head without it.”
― John Mason, An Enemy Called Average

“It's easy to run when people have someone to cheer for them but it's extremely difficult to run when you have no one cheer. But that's the reason why you must win the game. To earn the respect, applause's, cause everyone can't born with them.”
― sewmini fernando

“Happiness is like an outcome of a mechanical watch; you need to recharge your happiness hormones every day.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“We are the creator of our own sorrow in the form of expectations, “Expectation hurts.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“Winners have justification, losers have an excuse.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“Success is not an outcome of hard work, but of work from the heart.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“It’s not ‘luck but well-directed efforts and hard work lead to success.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“Be like the lotus, believe in your strengths; grow through the dirt.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“Take control over your goal; be the driver, not the passenger. Don’t let anyone else decide your goal.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“You don’t need to have a guide to succeed, rather need redirection of your thoughts.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“So it’s up to you where you want to go…. You will decide whether to chase an infinite target or a measurable value.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“Nourishing the known you is gain; struggling with the unknown you is a pain.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“Every odd is unique. There is a reason behind every odd; every such scene around us is backed by cause and effect relationship.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“We can’t build our destiny by carrying rented thoughts in mind.”
― Durgesh Satpathy, What We Think We Become

“Seek new skills.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Some people plan on being disciplined as soon as they achieve something that cannot be achieved without discipline.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Stop worrying about your competition; focus on increasing your value proposition.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Do it immediately. Do it imperfectly. Winners do it now.”
― Monroe Mann, Time Zen: Aka Winners Do It Now - The Shortest and Most Effective Time Management and Success System Ever Created.

“Patience doesn't mean waiting. It means being steadfast despite opposition.”
― Monroe Mann, The Theatrical Juggernaut (The Psyche of the Star): 2nd Edition, Director's Cut

“Comfort and the fear of change are the greatest enemies of success.”
― Jeanette Coron

“SLEEP
DREAM
CREATE
ENJOY

NOT EVERYONE CAN MAKE THEIR DREAMS COME TRUE, BUT YOU CAN!”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Breakdowns create breakthroughs.”
― Richie Norton

“Nobody can do you better than you do you.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“As fathers, expressing our affection to our children is a must, regardless of their ages. Some may think we only do this for our young children, but the fact is everyone, no matter the age, longs for his or her father's sense of assurance. As grown-ups, we too, desire our fathers to put their arms around us sometimes and say, "It's okay, son" or "You are doing good, daughter." Many fathers have neglected this fundamental act of love.”
― David Yong, Secretly Brilliant: Wisdom-From-Above: The Best and Richest Inheritance for You and Your Children

“The success of a leader is determined by how much he or she can positively enable others.”
― Chris Hutchinson, Ripple: A Field Manual for Leadership that Works

“Success is decision whereas failure is the declaration.”
― Dhanvantri Dwivedi

“Don't mock someone's business just because yours have higher profits. The battle is against poverty not against each other ”
― Daniel Friday Danzor

“There’s a direct correlation between integrity and results.”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“Stay true to yourself, yet always be open to learn. Work hard, and never give up on your dreams, even when nobody else believes they can come true but you. These are not cliches but real tools you need no matter what you do in life to stay focused on your path.”
― Phillip Sweet

“If they don’t celebrate with you in your small wins, then they certainly don’t deserve the benefits of your BIG wins.”
― Stephanie Lahart

“We don't learn by our successes. To get far in life you have to fail. Numerous times.”
― Hope Ramsay, The Cottage on Rose Lane

“Success is the difference between feeling the fear and letting it stop you and feeling the fear and moving forward anyway.”
― CRYSTAL GRAY

“...God bless the man who first taught the world how to cure olives. He and the man who invented cheese are two unsung pillars of civilization."

"They were probably women," muttered Fatima, fanning her face with the sleeve of her robe. "If they were men, we would remember their names.”
― G. Willow Wilson, The Bird King

“Ability determines if you can; attitude determines if you will.”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“We ought to readily share our successes with those with whom we readily share our problems.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“If we followed our own advice, we'd be successful.”
― Fred Astaire

“Take your life to another level by ignoring the Joneses altogether.⁣”
― Richie Norton

“Some of the people who are showing off their speed are headed in the wrong direction.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Sometimes suffering is the sacrifice you have to make to achieve greatness, success and your destiny.”
― Jeanette Coron

“Gratitude tends to attract the things for which we are grateful in advance.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I’m so optimistic my blood type is B Positive!”
― DeWayne Owens

“Woman! Get To The Throne Room, Shun The Phone Booth...The Solution Is In The Throne Room!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Woman: You've Got ALL IT TAKES!

“To blame my failures on the lack of resources is less about the lack of resources and more about my unwillingness to access those resources.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Sometimes you have to do things you don’t like or want to do, in order to be the best you can be, do the things you were destined to do and to fulfill your Destiny.”
― Jeanette Coron

“What successful people have in common is that they don’t let their fears or excuses stop them. They overcome and conquer them, then they reach success and are able to fulfill their Destiny.”
― Jeanette Coron

“If you’re about to break, go for broke.”
― Richie Norton

“Only rarely had Barry seen women combine humor with success.”
― Gary Shteyngart, Lake Success

“Success is built overtime not overnight”
― Nicky Verd

“Success happens when you change not when others change”
― Nicky Verd

“Too often success is confused with popularity and profits.”
― Scott Perry, Endeavor: Thrive Through Work Aligned with Your Values, Talents, and Tribe

“What if you measured success by the well-being it generates for yourself and others? What if success is doing well enough today so that you can get up and do it again tomorrow?”
― Scott Perry, Endeavor: Thrive Through Work Aligned with Your Values, Talents, and Tribe

“Engaged communication is a pursuit of excellence. Communicating attentively and engagingly is striving to be the best you can be.”
― Darlene Corbett

“That you have just caught success after chasing it for many years does not mean that death will stop chasing you for at least a few seconds.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I’m so optimistic my blood type is B Positive”
― DeWayne Owens

“I’ve learned that the long-game is the shortcut.”
― Richie Norton

“When principles guide you, the shiny stuff isn’t a distraction; it’s just a pretty thing to admire as you walk by on the path to success.”
― Richie Norton

“DeWeese asks, 'Does this tie in with what you were doing on "Quality?"'
'It's the direct result of it,' I say.
I remember something and look at DeWeese. 'Didn't you advise me to drop it?'
'I said no one had ever succeeded in doing what you were trying to do.'
'Do you think it's possible?'
'I don't know. Who knows?' His expression is really concerned. 'A lot of people are listening better these days. Particularly the kids. They're really listening... and not just at you- to you... to you. It makes all the difference.”
― Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values

“Rightly or wrongly, I want you to spend your life making music where the angels sing along. Being a reflection. I think that'd be a life well spent. I failed to say that before now, and for that I'm sorry. If I may offer one excuse - I've never raised a son before. Please allow a few mistakes. I'm figuring this out as we go.”
― Charles Martin, Long Way Gone

“...the basic tools that have always produced amazing young adults: hard work, failure, simplicity, gratefulness, restraint and discipline.”
― Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards

“I pray for your kindness more than your success, because the latter without the former is a tragedy.”
― Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards

“Be the person you are, succeed the best way you can and take pride in what you achieve.”
― Zita Steele, Guide to Free Thinking: Stories & Life Lessons

“Nobody can predict how successful you are going to be in life. Only you will find that out through your own choices. Give yourself a chance to make those choices for the right reasons, and chances are success will find you.”
― Zita Steele, Guide to Free Thinking: Stories & Life Lessons

“Don’t fear to fail, fear to miss out on taking the countless opportunities this world has to offer you.”
― Jaymin Shah

“Who are you trying to protect, punish or please by not succeeding?”
― Noah St. John, The Secret Code of Success: 7 Hidden Steps to More Wealth and Happiness

“Growth doesn’t happen because we’ve accumulated some number of years. Growth happens when we learn. We mature when we are able to triumph over yesterday’s mistakes. Whatever success we have today is because we dared to fail and learned from it.”
― Nesta Jojoe Erskine, Unforgettable: Living a Life That Matters

“A successful person doesn't make excuses. They deal with reality.”
― Akiroq Brost

“...nothing succeeds like success.”
― Patricia Cornwell, At Risk

“When building an organization, build teams. Assign different colors to each team so they create identities, affiliate, and merge to produce all that is needed for success. Balance the colors.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“When building a business, seek multiple yet complementary revenue streams. This will help you survive the ups & downs of the economy.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Your career is like a garden. It can hold an assortment of life’s energy that yields a bounty for you. You do not need to grow just one thing in your garden. You do not need to do just one thing in your career.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Save more than you spend, but do not hoard. Reinvest. Grow. Focus on replowing your fields so they bear fruit.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Want to detox yourself? Write down your dreams each morning in a journal and reflect. It's like cleaning out the cookies from your mental computer.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Trying to mix the right shade of blue to paint the ocean sky; not quite sure how it will turn out; jumping into something new here, like a big ocean of newness.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Keep it real; wear the "no photo shop seal”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Connect with my energy, not my photographic image.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“When we start attracting the right people and opportunities into our life, we just have to be thankful that The Universe is functioning properly...and that WE are functioning as we were designed to do so.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Live conservatively. Save more than you spend. Diversify your assets. Don't be a slave to your possessions; they're only "things." Money & things are not who you are at your core. Your God-given talents define who you are, and what you offer.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“The ego wants to rule, but the heart will quietly prevail.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“If you net a profit, reward the "producers." Allocate a portion to innovation & future growth. Place a portion in cash reserves to weather storms.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Early scientists were often ridiculed for their theories. Be open to replacing outdated belief systems with new ones.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“When building your dream job, do not just create a system to take your clients' and customers' money. Build a system that helps them succeed. Then you all succeed. It's a win/win scenario based on integrity and mutual respect.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Finding the key will set you free.

The Key to WELLNESS
The Key to HAPPINESS
The Key to SUCCESS
The Key to FREEDOM
The Key to your HEART

what does that Key look like?

It could be as simple as knowledge, understanding,forgiveness,awareness,courage
letting go,trusting your SOUL,following your HEART

YOU are the KEY,
YOU set yourself FREE”
― Hazel Butterworth

“The path we traveled more accurately
measures our growth and success than our destination does.”
― John Bruna, The Essential Guidebook to Mindfulness in Recovery

“Be humble. Your success depends on it.”
― Ibn Jeem

“To live as a carbon copy of everyone else is to not live at all.”
― J. W. Barlament

“We need not compare ourselves to others in order to gauge our success. We need only compare ourselves to the people we used to be.”
― J. W. Barlament

“Try harder to learn, than to shine”
― Sir Gustav Nossal

“Choose to collaborate (abundance perspective) and watch your competitors (scarcity perspective) become your allies.”
― Jennifer Ritchie Payette

“Leave God out of your mess and go look in the mirror instead.”
― Larry Winget

“Ecce homo means behold the man. Behold the man and all his failures, if you can love him then God has forgiven and I have finally found a God worth serving with thin thighs and knots in her back. We have never kissed underneath a tree, I have never pushed your hair aside to shield the wind, I have never said whatever forces unseen and seen should be ours to smile eyes closed together. Buildings laugh at each other the way we do.”
― Apollo Figueiredo, A Laugh in the Spoke

“After working with thousands of people who had lost their No, I realized that there are three distinct aspects to Find Your No that you must master if you want to stop being a people-pleaser and start living the life you were meant to. You must find your personal no, find your interpersonal no, and find your global no. To find your personal no you examine the activities you're doing, and determine which ones are draining your time, money, or energy that you've allowed to continue.... Use the three-step detect (I see the demand), deflect (I ask what's behind it), and reflect (I synergize) method to find your interpersonal no... Your Global No deals with one fundamental issue, that of integrity.”
― Noah St. John, The Secret Code of Success: 7 Hidden Steps to More Wealth and Happiness

“Some people are troubled by their mediocrity. Some, by their greatness.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Only sensual women can reignite men’s creativity and fire. They can increase their will to work hard and reach their fullest potential.”
― Lebo Grand

“Embrace what success means to you. Not to the person next to you.”
― Monika Kristofferson

“It is difficult to create a new story when we are still living in our past stories.”
― Teri Karjala, Be the Magic of You: Tools to Transform Your Life!

“To own you own happiness you must be willing to free yourself from the past and the stories that no longer serve you.”
― Teri Karjala

“When you lose something you misused is when you realize how important it was to you”
― Mary Uwamahoro

“At the end of the day, what all people outright want from their life? To make their dreams come true, so as to escape from the mundane world. However, reality often prevents them from that. Others accept that fate, lacking the courage to follow their dreams or the belief that they will make it. They don't want to risk what they have built to walk on an undiscovered path that is uncertain where will lead. So, they stay in safe grounds.”
― Maria Karvouni

“Sometimes will is what eventually makes the difference.”
― Maria Karvouni

“Your job is to keep faith it will work out, i'n it's own perfect way.”
― Teri Karjala, Be the Magic of You: Tools to Transform Your Life!

“What amazing possibilities are you ready to take action on now?”
― Teri Karjala, Be the Magic of You: Tools to Transform Your Life!

“The secret to shifting is a daily practice.”
― Teri Karjala

“In business, the size of our success is partly attributable to the fear of failure that has prevented some people from being our competitors.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“You Were My Success
***
Listen,
If you can hear the truth
You can understand the pain
That flows with tears
I have won the world
But lost my life
Whereas,
My success and destiny
Have been just You.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Perfection is not the ultimate requirement in order someone to have a remarkable career and to deserve to have one, not only in music but everywhere.”
― Maria Karvouni

“No one has ever reached perfection in the first stations of a desirable destination.”
― Maria Karvouni

“Sometimes we have to let others go in order to shine brighter.”
― Teri Karjala, Be the Magic of You: Tools to Transform Your Life!

“Getting into the habit of writing what you are grateful for every night is a must- do daily habit.”
― Teri Karjala, Be the Magic of You: Tools to Transform Your Life!

“Acting as if is a great technique to apply to real life... acting as if you're having the time of your life will actually alter your mood.”
― Michael Kearns, Acting Equals Life: An Actor's Life Lessons

“Your Hard is Silence, Let your success be your noise.”
― Frank Ocean, Boys Don't Cry

“Growth cannot take place until we miche beyond what we have always known.”
― Teri Karjala, Be the Magic of You: Tools to Transform Your Life!

“We are infinite beings. Everything that we need is already within us.”
― Teri Karjala

“We are infinite beings. Everything we need to succeed is already within us.”
― Teri Karjala, Be the Magic of You: Tools to Transform Your Life!

“Everything I’ve done has been to try to make things better for my people, and we’ve succeeded. We’ve actually done what we set out to do.", FADE by Kailin Gow”
― Kailin Gow

“Creativity doesn't stick to business hours.”
― Marco Rathmann

“Nobody with style measures success in money. They measure it on the good impact they have on others.”
― Marco Rathmann

“Your success as a disciple of Christ is not something you do; it is someone you disciple to also become a disciple-maker.”
― Jonathan Hayashi, Ordinary Radicals: A Return to Christ-Centered Discipleship

“Our boundaries define our personal space - and we need to be sovereign there in order to be able to step into our full power and potential.”
― Jessica Moore

“Boundaries and sensitivity are directly connected.”
― Jessica Moore

“Success is built over-time not over-night”
― Nicky Verd

“Muck: A state of being that disempowered and fills us with self-doubt, self-hate, worry, fear, mediocrity, and an overall feeling of hopelessness from knowing that we are not living our lives to our full potential.”
― Teri Karjala, Be the Magic of You: Tools to Transform Your Life!

“Successful is one whose imitators are successful.”
― Raheel Farooq, Kalam

“People who are going to be successful know it’s gonna happen. And those people tend to hustle until it does happen.”
― Retta, So Close to Being the Sh*t, Y’all Don’t Even Know

“A smart business owner learns from the mistakes of others.”
― Andrena Sawyer

“A success? Selling the most valuable thing in ourselves.”
― Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land

“Never think that you cannot rise above your problems, always think your problems cannot rise above you and you will overcome them.”
― Apoorve Dubey

“The ability to go from one failure to another without loss of enthusiasm is the ultimate foundation of success and strength.”
― Tanya Masse

“When you finally make it, when you finally reach your level of greatness, the years of struggle that consumed you will all be swallowed up as if they were a moment in time. And you will come to realize that greatness was not the end result of being un-great, but that you demonstrated greatness every day along the way. #greatness”
― Tiffany Dorese Winfree

“Pressure is God's way of increasing your capacity.”
― Andrena Sawyer

“Wisdom does not always come with age. It comes from Experience. - Kailin Gow on Wisdom and Experience.”
― Kailin Gow

“Determination, courage and self-confidence are the key factors for success”
― Dalai Lama XIV, Dalai Lama's Little Book of Buddhism

“To win you must have the will.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The most successful people in history were made fun of, called "crazy", hated on, and ridiculed...because people didn't want to think a normal person like them could be successful. Thank God they didn't listen to the haters, because how else would the Founding Fathers of America establish America? - Kailin Gow, The American Adventure TV Series”
― Kailin Gow

“If your career prevents or stops you from achieving happiness and success in your personal life, then it is not a life fulfilling one. People have more potential than fulfilling their careers. - Kailin Gow on Life Balance, Successful Career and Marriage”
― Kailin Gow

“You become what you have as a need the most to become.”
― Maria Karvouni

“The reason why we don't progress or there are no job opportunities in our community and society is because ,when you start a business and people wish for it to fail. That some will do everything in their power to make it fail. They don't support it but they destroy it.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Don't follow money, let money follow your purpose”
― Manuel Corazzari

“Failure isn't the opposite of success, it's part of success. Failure becomes success when we learn from it.”
― Leisa Rayven, Bad Romeo Outtakes

“American society places tremendous importance upon egocentric behavior. Americans are encouraged to set ourselves apart from the group. Whereas in some societies it is an aberration to go against the whole, Americans celebrate the individual over the group. Public schools teach American grade school children that they are the captains of their destiny. American schools and society inculcate schoolchildren to measure their level of success in terms of individual accomplishments. A winner versus loser mentality prevails in American culture. Winners are the recipients of life’s economic awards. We are taught that possessing financial wherewithal will assist us attain exalted social status. Social status in turn allows select people to wield the power of influence. The silent audience consists of the economically deprived, the societal castaways whom we are taught to shun for lacking the temperament to succeed. A strong sense of self not only helps a person survive, but American society keeps score of a person’s economic victories and defeats. Americans measure the intrinsic value of our lives and recognize other people’s status principally in terms of each person’s relative economic resources.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“Every step in life is a testing ground. Some active and perceptive people never stop blossoming regardless of what experience they encounter while other people seem to wilt with the slightest provocation.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“With diligent determination, you can fulfill ypur dreams.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The proof of a great teacher is the successes of her students. The proof of a great business is the successes of their clients. Strive to bring out the best in people, then you will see over abundant successes. - Kailin Gow”
― Kailin Gow

“Success is consistently doing what you said you would do with clarity, focus, ease, and grace. Success, seen this way, is an inside job. You don't compare yourself to anyone else. You don't even look at whether what you're doing is big or small. You look instead at the quality of your action and of your experience.”
― Maria Nemeth, Mastering Life's Energies: Simple Steps to a Luminous Life at Work and Play

“The secret to using affirmations in a way that works is to affirm what you know to be true now, not what you hope will be true in the future. Along those lines, affirm what is true in metaphysical reality. Don't use an affirmation to try to change anything in physical reality. Try this experiment to see what I mean: Say out loud the affirmation "I am wealthy. I have all the money I want." Now, say out loud "I am willing to be financially successful.”
― Maria Nemeth, Mastering Life's Energies: Simple Steps to a Luminous Life at Work and Play

“Each of us operates on three levels. The first is who we pretend to be. Underneath who we pretend to be is who we're worried we are. The third aspect of ourselves lives at the center: who we really are.”
― Maria Nemeth, Mastering Life's Energies: Simple Steps to a Luminous Life at Work and Play

“Any tomorrow that will count must start from today.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“Before throwing money at someone else to make you successful, understand that success comes from within first.”
― Brandon Turner, How to Invest in Real Estate: The Ultimate Beginner's Guide to Getting Started

“Would you prefer to be known for your complaints or your contributions? Your issues or your ideas? Your drama or your dreams? Your reasons or your results?”
― Maria Nemeth, Mastering Life's Energies: Simple Steps to a Luminous Life at Work and Play

“Are you green and growing or ripe and rotting? This quote from McDonald's founder Ray Kroc neatly sums up our need to continuously innovate and create in our lives.”
― Maria Nemeth, Mastering Life's Energies: Simple Steps to a Luminous Life at Work and Play

“As a man's real power grows, and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower, until at last he chooses nothing, but does only and wholly what he must do. - Ursula LeGuin”
― Maria Nemeth, Mastering Life's Energies: Simple Steps to a Luminous Life at Work and Play

“Tako je Mahathir za tih nekoliko mjeseci izrekao, i još će ih izricati, mnogo gorkih riječi nezadovoljstva onim što je želio, a nije uspio da promijeni. A za one koji smatraju da su mu prevelike ambicije imao je jednostavan odgovor:
"Nemam ja nikakvu veliku ambiciju", kaže. "Ja sam smrtan. Što god mogu učiniti što je dobro za bilo koje vrijeme, ja ću to učiniti. Nisam ja sebi postavio nikakav cilj. Za mene je zadovoljstvo kad vidim da se sve ono čega sam se latio ostvaruje praktično pred mojim očima. Ne težim ja tome da se ikada spominjem. Ne brinem se šta ljudi pričaju o meni. Ja samo mislim o onome što sam ostvario od onoga što sam bio u stanju uraditi. To je korist od posjedovanja autoriteta: biti u stanju uraditi stvari.”
― Hajrudin Somun, Mathathir: The Secret Of The Malaysian Success

“They want it. They get it. You get it. They want you.”
― Sola Kosoko

“Mediocrity is always a safe option but never a satisfactory one.”
― Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition

“Your deepest prayers are your sincerest actions. They are always rewarded.”
― Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition

“Nothing can defeat you, if you make up your mind to fight and nothing can save you, if you have accepted defeat.”
― Apoorve Dubey

“Regret is not when you could not finish what you started but regret is when you do not start what you could have finished.”
― Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition

“Sometimes you have to go through temporary discomfort and make temporary sacrifices; in order to get long term success and comfort.”
― Jeanette Coron

“The Mind Of A Visionary Can Travel To Paradise On Bear Foot.”
― Ekeh Joe Obinna

“A Happy Day!.......Wishes of Riches, Songs of Love, Waters of Happiness,  Life of Purpose, Doses of Success, & Days of Prosperity. Happy Birthday To You The Fan of Success.”
― Ekeh Joe Obinna

“If I only go as far as I can take myself, I’m not all that certain that I’ve gone much of anywhere at all. But once I dared to look outside of myself, I realized that God hands out unlimited passes to the anywhere of everywhere.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Work-life balance” seems to have become the best excuse for many people not to take responsibility for their professional and personal growth. But this “balance” that all of us love to talk about is not something conceptual. It is achieved by strategic, focused, hard work. It doesn’t come by default or when we say the magic words. That’s why many of us are leading lives far from our potential for success and fulfillment — because we wait for balance to happen, and it never does. I’ve been there, and it sucks.

Most of us haven’t taken a single hour of our lives to think about what work-life balance means to us. Needless to say, we put zero effort into planning about it, working for it, living it. Open your calendar and show me what your work-life balance looks like. In 99 percent of cases, it’s not there — it’s nowhere to be found.”
― Simeon Ivanov, 0.1%: Join The Club of The Richest, Healthiest, Happiest

“We're all under pressure
Strangled by stresses
If you treasure what you do have
That's the success, that's most impressive”
― Andrew Edward Lucier, Awakenigma Allegory Anomalous

“To always win, you always need to be hungry!”
― Hisham Fawzi

“The hit to men's self-esteem is made worse because men consistently view themselves as smarter and more competent than they actually are. One study found that men routinely overestimate their IQ by five points, while women underestimate theirs by the same amount.....Let's be absolutely clear on this: The men weren't lying. They truly believed that they performed better than they actually did. They were quite confident that their performance was superior. It can be devastating, then, to be faced with a woman who is more successful--implicitly suggesting the man has failed.”
― Joanne Lipman, That's What She Said: What Men Need to Know (and Women Need to Tell Them) about Working Together

“Don't let your dreams stay buried under the comfort of your current success.”
― Simeon Ivanov, 0.1%: Join The Club of The Richest, Healthiest, Happiest

“The Leader who is successful does not impress anyone with stories he should inspire others with his integrity of choices.”
― Bluenscottish

“Love with the motives does not have the success and embraces shame, and sorry.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Success comes to us only after our acceptance that being just good isn't good enough, we must put best of our efforts to become the best.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Anyone can deal with success, but only the wise can learn from failure.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.”
― Suzy Kassem

“Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will. Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“There is no million dollar idea, no million dollar plan or business. There is only million dollar personality. People deal with people, people buy from people. It is not important what is said, how it is said but who said it.”
― Hemant Pandey

“Want to write a book, start and write it out. Don’t try to be perfect, don’t think about perfect plot, perfect marketing strategy etc. Start is the most difficult part of any journey.”
― Hemant Pandey

“Ultimately if you became super rich and successful,your mind will become placid and calm. Do it now! This is essence of meditation and enlightenment.”
― Hemant Pandey

“Greed and fear rule the market. Share market is common sense and understanding of investor psychology and has nothing to do with head and shoulder patterns nor candlestick patterns or hockey stick chart or cup formation and so on and so forth.”
― Hemant Pandey

“Don’t believe and rely on mainstream media or movies for the understanding of human behaviour. They are often misguided and are utopian.”
― Hemant Pandey

“Success hasn't any time allotment! Study while others are Sleeping; Work while others are Loafing; Prepare while others are Playing; And Dream while others are Wishing. No matter about the situation just keep it on and one day you're going to be proud-full at yourselves.”
― Raj Kumar Koochitani

“People rise in love but in ‘betrayed love’ they climb to unmatched heights.”
― Hemant Pandey

“Hard work is the best talent that I know, strangely, it works in all the fields of human endeavour.”
― Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition

“Failure is a destination for those who give up and success for those who keep trying.”
― Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition

“The only thing that hurts harder than a failure is not trying.”
― Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition

“No busques el éxito, para demostrarle aquellos que odiamos nuestra superioridad.”
― Omran Omais

“We are all strangers to our hidden potential until we confront problems that reveal our capabilities.”
― Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition

“Men ought to attempt everything and fear nothing.”
― Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince

“Greatness Cannot Be Stopped

Greatness Cannot be Stopped
It can only be delayed
and if gets delayed it just gets Greater
because it gains new Strength”
― Tiffany Dorese Winfree

“The key ingredient to being successful is YOU. She encouraged herself, she believed in herself, she loved herself, and she NEVER doubted who she was. Her ambition, perseverance, resilience, and self-motivation were consistent. She was her own personal cheerleader every step of the way… She is me!”
― Stephanie Lahart

“You want to see a very bad man? Make an ordinary man successful beyond his imagination. Let's see how good he is when he can do whatever he wants.”
― Min Jin Lee, Pachinko

“People who attribute success to luck have never truly been successful. Luck may place an opportunity in your lap, but only a constant, obsessive attention transforms that opportunity into some kind of meaningful success.”
― Frances de Pontes Peebles, The Air You Breathe

“The easiest way to success is through bed. You can only dream about it.”
― Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land

“It is often contended that the belief that a person is solely responsible for his own fate is held only by the successful. This in itself is not so unacceptable as its underlying suggestion, which is that people hold this belief because they have been successful. I, for one, am inclined to think that the connection is the other way round and that people often are successful because they hold this belief. Though a man’s conviction that all he achieves is due solely to his exertions, skill, and intelligence may be largely false, it is apt to have the most benefi cial effects on his energy and circumspection. And if the smug pride of the successful is often intolerable and offensive, the belief that success depends wholly on him is probably the pragmatically most effective incentive to successful action; whereas the more a man indulges in the propensity to blame others or circumstances for his failures, the more disgruntled and ineffective he tends to become.”
― Friedrich A. Hayek, The Constitution of Liberty

“If you’re not chasing your dreams, you’re still sleeping. WAKE UP! Don’t throw away another day. GO GET IT!”
― Steve Maraboli

“Success is an acknowledgement honored by a group who values your actions in the specificity of the venture they cherish - Nothing More!
They may not represent the values you personally cherish.”
― Rejean Nantel

“A person of value is always a success but a person who is successful is not always a person of value.”
― Jeffrey G. Duarte

“The most ever Common Question to ask is.
"What is the Key Of Success ? "
And the Answers of this question are more common ,like Honest,Hard work and so on
Let me tell you my Answer :-
There is no any soft key kind of thing to open success door
No one can open
But you have to break it down By all your combined force”
― Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"

“Failure is not a hindrance for success but a noble ingredient for a sweeter fruit.”
― Joshua Suya Pelicano

“The more failures you overcome, the more sweeter your victory will become.”
― Joshua Suya Pelicano

“Your time is the most valuable asset with you; invest it, where you get best returns.”
― Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition

“Some people are each way more hurt by their worst enemy’s success than they were hurt by their then best friend’s death.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Theology is the crown of Philosophy”
― Tiffany Dorese Winfree

“The only fight you should be fighting is fighting against the odds. Other fights are not worth fighting and you should not be fighting them.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“The Other Side: We're still living our messy humanness, but now we have the tools and knowing that we can succeed.”
― Helen S. Rosenau, The Messy Joys of Being Human: A Guide to Risking Change and Becoming Happier

“More times than not, going backwards is a necessary part of going forwards.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Every success, whether it is the biggest or the smallest, inspires the joy and the beauty of life.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“The message you want to send to the marketplace through your persistent actions is, “No one can keep up with me. I'm not going away. I am not a competitor. I am the space.”
― Grant Cardone, The 10X Rule: The Only Difference Between Success and Failure | 15-Minute Summary For Busy People

“I suppose there must be idiots who dream of signing deals with publishers while fully intending to drink martinis in cool bars or ride around on skateboards. But the actual writers I know are experts in neurotic self-torture. Every page of writing is the result of a thousand tiny decisions and desperate acts of will.”
― Helen Garner

“He asked me: why you are not patient?, I answered: I am very patient just I am at war against time”
― Hisham Fawzi

“Becoming a billionaire is not to make billions of dollars - but affecting lives of a billion people. That's my goal! ❤️- GS”
― George Stamatis

“Shrewd branding is when you remind people that you exist by strategically and periodically engaging them on a wide range of topics without asking them to buy anything. If you prove interesting, trust that they'll look you up. Now I must get back to my steak.”
― A.K. Kuykendall

“A man can never be what does not exist in his mind.”
― Meestar Qboy

“Failure is a functional component of success”
― Reginald L. Russell

“If I die in the war, please never give my gun to my son. Instead, give him his mother's hoe. Let him feed the rest of the family. Never expose my son to a war in the North if he belongs to the South. After I die, whoever uses the gun powder next, wins the battle. The dead has no property, no honour, no peace and no more chances. If my son has a bloodline of the South, he will never come to my grave yard to cry. Instead, he understands that if the guns truely belong to mankind we will never die in the war. Weapon is made for weapon. It does not have respect for the buyer. The heart of a fighter is filled with pains and undeserved hatred. If the hatred is not default, then there is no need for war. No matter how justified we are and win, we have committed a crime. Hatred will bleed on. War cannot determine who is superior, only who is foolish. No desire is worth blood of a mankind. People commit war crimes. The real trouble with war is that people really don't understand what they get after the war is over. Majority don't kill the right people, they also descend to kill the PEACEMAKERS. None of my son will die in a war. If I die they will bury my gun. Their love for PEN and PAPER is a passionate metal. Never will I accept war if I am not involve with mankind. My dear sons, never you trust a politician. Everything a politician says are lies. He does everything for himself and has no regard for your life. Government may change but their lies will remain the same. If I were a president, I am sure I'm a fatherless son. Mankind are always malfunctioning and can never recover. Never you go into a war. The battle is not between mankind. It is of PRINCIPALITIES”
― Ekeh Joe Obinna

“Achievement is not about ‘doing something.’ Rather, it’s about ‘being someone.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Sometimes success is the source of your happiness, but sometimes happiness can be the source of your success.”
― Richie Norton

“Proven fact: You can never finish something you didn't start.”
― Sarah Knight, Get Your Sh*t Together: How to Stop Worrying About What You Should Do So You Can Finish What You Need to Do and Start Doing What You Want to Do

“Love makes us invincible.
Always be in Love.
Life is not always about winning,
It's about never surrendering.”
― Mimi Novic, The Silence Between the Sighs

“Big life changes are made in small, manageable chunks.”
― Sarah Knight, Get Your Sh*t Together: How to Stop Worrying About What You Should Do So You Can Finish What You Need to Do and Start Doing What You Want to Do

“Sometimes I think, Why invent projects? What is the point? How will I ever accomplish what I set out to do, what I imagine? Then I think of the past, even before I was born, the great small feats people accomplished.
[...]
Those people had to work to accomplish those things, they thought of details, they followed through. Even if I come off as naive and zealous, even if I get on everyone's nerves, I have to follow these examples. Even if I fail, I have to try and try and try. It may be exhausting, but that is beside the point. The goal is not necessarily to succeed but to keep trying, to be the kind of person who has ideas and sees them through.”
― Esmé Raji Codell, Educating Esmé: Diary of a Teacher's First Year

“It is what it is because you allowed it to be so.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Nothing – I repeat – nothing can become so big an obstruction in your path that you cannot overcome it, for your brain is the most divine and most godly Turing Machine of all times, capable of deeds that humanity is yet to encounter.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Saint of The Sapiens

“Amplify with your authority instead of shouting publicity. A sell only goes so far.
Your experience, knowledge and authenticity have the endurance to engage and sustain a connection.”
― Loren Weisman

“Just hold onto your faith and always be willing to put in the hard work on your own.”
― Cliff Hannold

“Indie authors who are successful are very successful. They can do everything to conceive, write, market, and bring to fruition the life of a book. Whereas a traditionally published author relies on their publisher for most of the publishing chain. When a traditional author tries to become indie, they are not as successful as an indie. This shows the strength is in the individual author itself. An indie author can bring much more to the table because of their indie spirit. And when you combine the drive for success and survival as a business for indies who have a family to support with their book sales, an indie author who is successful and driven by their need to survive (like me), they are UNSTOPPABLE! - Strong by Kailin Gow”
― Kailin Gow

“When you have the Stellah Mupanduki healing, moulding, cleansing and protecting books breathed by the Holy Spirit of a Sovereign God; your way of thinking and speaking changes because you will start to feel well and you regain strength as you read. You will know you will be very fine, and you will not worry too much because you will know that you will not die but live and bless your family with your presence and give them peace…yeah, be with your family in Christ. You will know that your days are not numbered in short, you will know and understand that you have longevity, that in Christ, you will live long. So talk about your life and not death whatever you are going through or whatever you perceive to be true in your own human intelligence. Move away from nodding to death and stop welcoming the spirit of death. Keep it away from your lipsl, when you speak, talk about about your life as progressing in the normal way, in the name of Jesus Christ…”
― Stellah Mupanduki, Know Yee Are Little Kings: Above And Not Beneath

“Success is not what you accomplish in life, it is about how you inspire others to succeed.”
― Dr. Christopher Dayagdag

“My technique is my love for my profession. When you love to do something, you do your best.”
― Debasish Mishra MD

“There is no harm in having big dreams. Rather have this as a habit. It's worth!”
― Kankane Rakhi Surendra

“No one else but you holds the key to your success; it is your persistence and purpose-oriented action.”
― Debasish Debsish Mridha MD

“Even a trillion dollars is made up of cents.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“DO WHAT YOU CANNOT DO
SEE WHAT YOU CANNOT SEE
EXPLAIN WHAT YOU CANNOT EXPLAIN”
― Isaac You, Question Intelligence: The Questions to Maximize Your Potential and Accelerate Your Innovation

“Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will. Doubt and fear are the two villains of success.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Patience is the slow road to success”
― Kao Kalia Yang, The Latehomecomer: A Hmong Family Memoir

“Success isn't just about what you accomplish in your life, it's about what you inspire others to do.”
― Anonymous

“If you want fame or wealth or wolves, go out and hunt for them.”
― Zane Grey, The Last of the Plainsmen

“Stop sitting on the sidelines of everyone else's life and become and active participant in your own life.”
― Lease L. Youmans

“Down with, "Fake it, till you make it."
Up with, "Make it so you don't have to fake it!”
― Raju Mandhyan

“To achieve great success, you first have to learn to admire great failure.”
― Abhishek Aditeya

“Realize, rise and act – make mistakes, fall hard, then rise again and try again.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Saint of The Sapiens

“Err my friend, but be not defeated and keep on moving.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Saint of The Sapiens

“The most enjoyable part about being an Indie Author and an Amazon Author Success Story, is that my success inspires others.”
― Kailin Gow

“Opportunities are essential to successful leadership. It's no coincidence that the greatest leaders create their own opportunities.”
― T Jay Taylor

“As the most beautiful rose grows next to a painful thorn, so is the most joyful success residing next to the most painful failures.”
― Debasish DebMridha MD

“You can do anything you stick your mind to. Einstein was dyslexic, Bill Gates has asperger's syndrome, Orlando Bloom also has dyslexia, and Daniel Radcliffe has dyspraxia and (LD), but they all went on to become very successful individuals in this world. I myself have an intellectual disability, but I refuse to let that garbage set me back. You just gotta stay positive, let the critics and sarcasm roll off your back and just keep grinding nowhere but forward. You don't have to be smart to crush your dreams, you just have to have the heart and determination.”
― Cliff Hannold

“[W]hat is important is neither pleasure nor pain, success nor failure, what is important is to understand that neither of them have any importance whatsoever. This understanding calls for peace, calm and serenity.”
― Jean Klein, Be Who You Are

“Find your whole future by going deep inside of you. There is a blooming success that will only hasten when you discover the whole world inside of you.

Tania Tome (C)”
― Tania Tome

“You don't get that good by doing nothing.”
― Emma Mills, First & Then

“If throughout your entire life you make no fortune; travel next to nowhere; obtain a meager education; invent nothing new; are a stranger to fame; lack talent, wit, and charm—if these things are true and yet in the heart of every human who crosses your path you plant a seed of happiness, or, at the very least, you coax a smile from the saddest faces, your life will indeed be the greatest success story ever.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Being Bold

“It was Suzy Kassem who first said, Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Hаbіtѕ оf fіnаnсіаl ѕuссеѕѕ аrе lеаrnаblе, as аll hаbіtѕ аrе, bу practice аnd rереtіtіоn.”
― Shane Johnston, Millionaire Success Habits: Shift Your Mindset To Change Your Life And Become A Millionaire

“Sometimes, life lets you float amongst the clouds rather than sail upon the waters.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“There are no shortcuts to excellence”
― Angela Duckworth, Grit

“They say getting thin is the best revenge. Success if much better.”
― Oprah Winfrey

“Succenergy, activate your energy, discover all your success inside of you.

Tãnia Tomé (C)”
― Tania Tome

“If commitment is required to start, it is deeply important to persist to reach the end. All the path is done walking, where there are obstacles, go around them, where there are falls, get up, where you feel tired, rest, but never stop until you reach the destination.

Tania Tome (C)”
― Tania Tome

“I did not become famous but I got near enough to smell the stench of success. It smelt like burnt cloth and rancid gardenias, and I realized that the truly awful thing about success is that it's held up all those years as the thing that would make everything all right. And the only thing that makes things even slightly bearable is a friend who knows what you're talking about.”
― Eve Babitz, Slow Days, Fast Company: The World, the Flesh, and L.A.: Tales

“Praxis, cinequanon condition to make life a real existence.
Make it happen.

Tania Tome (c)”
― Tania Tome

“Success has nothing to do with morality.”
― Elmar Hussein

“Before taking part of any activity, ask yourself if this activity will bring you joy, if it is good and fruitful, and if it will bring you closer to achieving your goal. If the answer is not yes to at least one and preferably all of the questions, refrain from this activity.”
― Tobe Hanson, Athlete's Way of Excellence: Ancient Chinese Wisdom Revealing the Secrets to Modern Day Athletic Peak Performance and How to Be in The Zone

“Capitalism can no longer be viewed as a soaring success. And yet, the left wing and right wing are fighting, only accelerating their collective downfall.”
― Freequill

“You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.”
― Napoleon Hill

“যদি তুমি পড়ে যাও, উঠো। আবার পড়েছো? আবারো উঠো! পড়ো, উঠো!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“He felt that to succeed here the idea of success must grasp and limit his mind.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned

“...all flourishing is mutual.”
― Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants

“Our failures are way less likely than our successes to be ignored by our enemies.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Your past, including your failures, simply offers feedback that makes you wiser and stronger than before.”
― Brittany Burgunder

“Sometimes, you just have to dive straight in, I guess that's what life is all about.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Allowing success is the opposite of forcing success.”
― Steve Chandler, Hands Off Manager: How to Mentor People and Allow Them to Be Successful

“It is not natural for human beings to NOT grow to the next stage of life when they should.”
― Saidi Mdala, Know What Matters

“Captivate the attention of your customer by oozing credibility.”
― Stacey Kehoe

“Failure brings a climax in which one has the privilege of clearing his mind of fear and making a new start in another direction.”
― Napoleon Hill, Outwitting the Devil: The Secret to Freedom and Success

“Don't let the indecision of others distract you.”
― Louise Philippe Dulay

“If failure is supposed to be a stepping stone to success, then I'd like to have a serious chat with the fellow who set down those stones.”
― Thomas Pride

“People can talk about their personal experience and it can be true for them and for their life whatever they learned from that; because what they tell to themselves will always be true for themselves. But they can always change the way they think and talk to themselves and realize that the experience they have been having is not a universal law.”
― E. Christian Trejo, Flight Of Fancy Life Formula: A powerful guide to create an unimaginable life by improving your Inner Self, following your passion and building your own business.

“Raindrops will always carry their dreams & hopes with them, no matter where they go.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Dear haters, You’re never going to catch up. Because while you’re talking about how “lucky” I am, I’m working. While you’re talking about what you’re going to do, I’m already doing it. While you’re making resolutions, I’m setting behaviors.”
― Steve Maraboli

“I am a great believer in Luck. The harder I work, the more of it I seem to have.”
― Coleman Cox, Listen to This

“Victory only comes through wear and tear.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Vocation of a Gadfly

“Sometimes we can make our own opportunities, sometimes we can see them coming, but more often than not they are like pop quizzes, they are sprung on you like a challenge to test your skills, almost like a dare to see if you can take that leap of faith to make whatever it is a success. Wait too long, and an excellent opportunity might slip away.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Vocation of a Gadfly

“Remember when you are about to do something great or big. Giving up is always the first and the easiest option. Don’t fall for it, it wants to trap you from your brighter and better successful future.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“When a man gets it into his head to do something, and when he exclusively occupies himself in that design, he must succeed, whatever the difficulties. That man will become Grand Vizier or Pope.”
― Giacomo Casanova

“A champion is someone who has overcome a lot of fear.”
― Marty Rubin

“The haters just don't get it...
They're never going to catch up.
Because while they're talking about how “lucky" you are,
you're working.
While they're talking about what they're going to do, you're already doing it.
While they're making resolutions, you're setting behaviors.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Even if the whole world turns against you, until you agree, no failure, no crisis, no obscurity can win over you.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Conscience over Nonsense

“Gossip is the biggest hindrance to building trust and productivity in organizations across America.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“Success and suffering are two sides of the same coin.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“There's something inherently disappointing about success,’ from Topsy-Turvy, a Mike Leigh film about Gilbert and Sullivan.”
― Mike Leigh

“Success is not about Money , fame or Job
It is all about becoming Well and Illustrative personality . So that Everyone remember you and learn from you”
― Saif Rehman

“Success is not the result of an single quality; it's about alignment between who you are and where you choose to be.”
― Eric Barker

“Learning from your customers is vital to your success. Even if you work in a back office or don't deal directly with the public, you are serving someone in your job. You have a boss--and the boss is really your customer, right? You have to think of the people you work for (and if you have a job, your work for someone) as customers. Doing so gives you greater buy-in to the idea that your job is part of a bigger universe--it's not just you toiling away on a computer making sure the numbers add up (or whatever it is you do). Someone, somewhere, is counting on you to hold up your end of the bargain and to do your job better, and you can learn from that person (or people).”
― Jon Taffer, Don't Bullsh*t Yourself!: Crush the Excuses That Are Holding You Back

“God is into the business of building Character into the hearts of men”
― Manuel Corazzari

“If you can't do the little things no BIG thing will ever be in your reach”
― Maria Koszler

“Even if you think you can’t win, at least try; when trying, make up your mind to win because no one wins without trying and everyone who tries can win.”
― Gabriel E.O.F. Omoboriola

“It’s only a dream when your eyes are closed...”
― Niedria Dionne Kenny, Phenomenally Me: My Sweet 2016

“Choose to be with people who will share opportunities ,jobs ,ideas , knowledge and solutions, because problems we all have and we all know off.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“A person can influence a situation or the situation can influence a person.”
― Kristy McMorlan, Treasures in the Trash

“OJ says our father lives somewhere between the self-satisfaction that his success has made us soft and disgust that we are unacquainted with the brutal intensity of a world that he has effectively tamed for us.”
― Uzodinma Iweala, Speak No Evil

“A professor once told me: Sir, you are insane! In which I replied: Sir, I am just eccentrically very normal !”
― Hisham Fawzi

“I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higher order of beings. In proportion as he simplifies his life, the laws of the universe will appear less complex, and solitude will not be solitude, nor poverty poverty, nor weakness weakness. If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden & Civil Disobedience

“Lack of a formal education is a death sentence to some and an opportunity to explore for others”
― Nicky Verd

“Be careful when shining the light of your success among those with an envious spirit, for there will be no celebration for your success within a robbery.”
― Jesus Apolinaris

“I choose to believe there is a better way to do a PR stunt or better way to succeed without stepping on top of others,throwing them under the bus or bringing others down.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Success is not that adjourns the team after achieving, but that motivates the team to face new challenges”
― Mohamed Abbasheikh

“Success reveals how little ambition is worth.”
― Marty Rubin

“Investors are people with more money than time.
Employees are people with more time than money.
Entrepreneurs are simply the seductive go-betweens.
Startups are business experiments performed with other people’s money.
Marketing is like sex: only losers pay for it.”
“Company culture is what goes without saying.
There are no real rules, only laws.
Success forgives all sins.
People who leak to you, leak about you.
Meritocracy is the propaganda we use to bless the charade.
Greed and vanity are the twin engines of bourgeois society.
Most managers are incompetent and maintain their jobs via inertia and politics.
Lawsuits are merely expensive feints in a well-scripted conflict narrative between corporate entities.
Capitalism is an amoral farce in which every player—investor, employee, entrepreneur, consumer—is complicit.”
― Antonio García Martínez, Chaos Monkeys: Obscene Fortune and Random Failure in Silicon Valley

“The life can always change for any of us, and the one who was on the bottom once might turn up on the top when you least expect it, and vice versa.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Gift of the Fox

“That’s the problem of today’s generation. You want all the things quickly. You all hate to struggle. You see the life into two extremes, either success or failure, either rich or broke, either victory or defeat. You see the life in all black and white, but there are various shades of gray in-between two extremes of black and white and life happens to be there.”
― H.B.R. Patel, VIKAS 2.7: Rebooting Development

“In order to be successful as a woman, teach your daughter to never apologize for her success. Men never have to apologize for it, why should the women who earned it? - Raising A Strong Daughter: What Fathers Should Know by Finlay Gow JD and Kailin Gow MA”
― Kailin Gow

“Achieving something gives you a sense of fulfillment; so, create your own happiness by following up on your passions and achieving them.”
― Patricia Dsouza

“Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.”
― Marilyn Von Savant

“Whenever you create anything, you take a risk. And that includes your life. It may work out, it may not. It may be well received, it may not be. . . .
It's always a risk to take action. It might not work, it might blow up in your face, you might lose money, you might fail. No one may get it.

But that's not the only risk. There's another risk: the risk of not trying it.

How is not trying a risk? You risk settling and continuing in the same direction in the same way, wondering about other paths and possibilities, believing that this is as good as it gets while discontent gnaws away at your soul.”
― Rob Bell, How to Be Here: A Guide to Creating a Life Worth Living

“I fail forward. I don't allow failure to get the better part of me. Failure strengthens my determination to succeed. I learn lessons from my failure, and use those lessons to map out strategies to succeed. I'm always stronger than before. Failing to succeed!”
― Benjamin Kofi Quansah, CGMS, CGIA

“You are your mind, so if you can see it, you can achieve it.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Be unique. Tread smart. Stay original. Keep being YOU. Don't allow anyone tell you otherwise.”
― P.C. Clotter

“What do they teach your little girl in school? To be truthful and ambitious. Show me one man who is happy without breaking a few rules, without feeding the misery of a few others. If you can flaunt your success, your immoral acts become inconsequential.”
― Prawin Adhikari, The Vanishing act stories

“How do you choose a successor? Look at her or his track record. A good successor would have a track record of successes - great grades, great schools, great successes at work and steady climb up the ladder. Throughout her or his career, there has been challenges which were overcame. It builds character, fortitude, and strength. - STRONG by Kailin Gow”
― Kailin Gow

“Mothers who live vicariously through the success of their children or husband need to find their own identity. While it is wonderful to see your children and husband become successful, what is even more effective is to lead and inspire through the example of your own successes. - Strong by Kailin Gow”
― Kailin Gow

“The top challengers are usually understood, but there are always a few dark horses in the running for every major tournament.” —Oscar Auliq-Ice”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“The past is history, the future is a mystery, and this moment is a gift. That is why this moment is called the 'present.”
― Deepak Chopra

“I'd rather die a legend, than live as an insect.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“There isn’t one story in the world that exist today that talks about triumph or success, where will was not attached. You have to to have will and drive- more than just saying that you “want” something or want to do something. You have to do it. - The Affidavit of Niedria Dionne Kenny”
― Niedria DIO

“Helping someone who does not help.It will kill you emotionally , kill your happiness and leaving you with regrets.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Giving your time to someone who does not it.It will kill you emotionally , kill your happiness and leaving you with regrets.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“There is room for us all— room for all our babies and books and husbands and houses and ministries and master’s degrees. So let’s go out of our way to be cheerleaders for our sisters who are killing it out there and succeeding in crazy ways!”
― Laura Thomas

“The sky is the limit when the universe is involved.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“WE all have our own PATH to follow – STOP walking in someone else’s PATH if it isn’t designed for you.”
― Patricia Dsouza

“Success stories begin with a decision. The decision to go beyond what you are. When you decide that your present station is not your destination, you are already half-way there.”
― Mona Soorma, Soul Food And Instant Karma

“My boundaries are not determined by natural limitation but by parameters of my faith that I chose to attach to the realities of my limitlessness.”
― Patricia Dsouza

“Purse your transformation from a place of freedom and peace.”
― Patricia Dsouza

“There are always two risks. There's the risk of not trying something new, and there's the risk of not trying it. . . . Either way, there's risk. And sometimes stepping out and trying something new is actually the less risky thing to do.”
― Rob Bell, How to Be Here: A Guide to Creating a Life Worth Living

“Down and out? You are not alone! Most people have gone through that process. Yet today, they are a success.”
― Gift Gugu Mona

“You are special and you will always remain.
You are amazingly made.
You are the first drop found on the dry ground.
Where a rainbow appears after a heavy rain”
― Patricia Dsouza

“The business would do good to understand that success or failure is not final in Data Science. For this reason, the business should develop a persistent spirit.”
― Damian Mingle

“Keystone habits say that success doesn’t depend on getting every single thing right, but instead relies on identifying a few key priorities and fashioning them into powerful levers.”
― Charles Duhigg, The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do, and How to Change

“A hundred failures would not matter, when one single success could change the destiny of the world.”
― Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey

“That’s the thing I’ve learned about mountains: the joy you feel at scaling them is in direct proportion to how high and impassable the peak appears to be once you’re on the other side of it.”
― Marie Bostwick, Just In Time

“You can have excuses or you can have success; you can't have both.”
― Jen Sincero, You Are a Badass at Making Money: Master the Mindset of Wealth

“It’s a choice to put in the hours, go the extra mile, and do the things others aren’t willing to do.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Problems and failure are part of distillation process they will boil you, heat you but in the end when cooling is applied and you get condensed, you will find pure form of yourself”
― NAND

“How does one know you’ve “made it”?
You no longer feel like you have anything to prove to anyone. You have no regrets or resentments from the past, anger that you’re working from. No people you want revenge on or songs you want to sing in order to finally speak your mind. 
Instead, you work from a place of wanting to do the work only, without any attachment to the outcome.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Everything Changed When I Forgave Myself: growing up is a wonderful thing to do

“Success is when you're seduced into thinking that your joy and satisfaction are not here but there--somewhere in the future, at some moment when you accomplish X or you win Y.

Success can never get enough.

It makes your head spin, because you get that thing you were desperately working for, for all those years, and when you get it, you realize that it isn't what you thought it was.”
― Rob Bell, How to Be Here: A Guide to Creating a Life Worth Living

“Half the failures of this world arise from pulling in one's horse as he is leaping. - from Guesses at Truth: By Two Brothers by Julian Charles Hare and Augustus William Hare”
― Augustus William Hare Julius Charles Hare

“Fake life is expensive.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“You can’t have what’s next until you let go of what’s now.”
― Jonathan Heimberg

“To succeed in life, you need to create the experience that everyone wants, and needs.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“What makes this study different is that it studies Japanese cross-cultural adaptation by focusing on student success rather than student difficulties.”
― Peter Hanami, Japanese Student Success High School To MBA Australia

“Everyone wants to lead a peaceful, happy life, but happiness and success aren’t measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“The life you’re capable of living is waiting for you—all you have to do is choose to go after it.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“We all have the power to make little choices that can change the course of our lives forever.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice

“Half the failures of this world arise from pulling in one's horse as he is leaping. - from Guesses at Truth: By Two Brothers by Julian Charles Hare and Augustus William Hare”
― Julius Charles Hare, Guesses at Truth

“Breathe as the tears flow,
Breathe when you cannot gaze up high,
Breathe as to know the world will lie,
Breathe when you choke to ask: “Why?”
Breathe even when you are about to die.

Breathe when each day is a task,
Breathe when every person you know wears a facial mask,
Breathe because to yourself you have to ask:
“Breathe because in glory I have to bask.”

Breathe as the sun is to rise,
Breathe even when you touch the skies,
Breathe as you celebrate your triumph, success and highs,
Breathe because you have to be yet grounded and be Wise.

Breathe when you dive,
Breathe when you strive,
Breathe when to your success, you give a high-five,
Breathe because you are still alive!”
― Somya Kedia

“Trees reached for the sky long before man came into this world.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Learn to accept everything about yourself, even the part of yourself that struggles to accept everything about yourself”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“I mean, there aren't many inventions that actually succeed in meeting some human need. Ninety-nine percent of them are just some ugly combo of pushy marketing and spineless consumers.”
― Etgar Keret, The Nimrod Flipout

“In a world where everyone was trying to radiate success while praying for actual profits, Brooke's margins narrowed and narrowed.”
― Will Boast, Daphne: A Novel

“Like growth, success is often a steppingstone from failure.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Leadership is a choice. To choose power or empowerment.”
― Lolly Daskal , The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“You're either 100% committed or just 99% committed to your outcomes.”
― Lucas Robak

“It is good to have your own vision, but it is dangerous not to run with it.”
― Bamigboye Olurotimi

“Most artists wont congratulate other artist for winning because they suffer from it should have been me syndrome”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Don't wait for success to become stronger and confident
Be strong and confident
Success will automatically chase you”
― Saif Rehman

“Goals and plans are fine, and they can often be effective motivators, but success promises something it can't deliver. As soon as you reach your goal, success creates a new one, which creates new anxieties and stresses.”
― Rob Bell, How to Be Here: A Guide to Creating a Life Worth Living

“A recipe for success:
1) Believe in God and his power
2) Believe in your own self
3) Genuinely be honest with your own self
4) Never ever depend on anybody except your own self.
5) Never ever give a damn on anybody’s opinion about you and/ or what you are doing; remember you are not here to live other people’s life; you are here to create your own special one.
6) last but not least, never forget that who allowed you to cherish and succeed is the same one who can take it away from you in a heart beat, so always be humble, grateful, and respectable to this fact.”
― Hisham Fawzi

“Your PAST nor your CURRENT situation DEFINES you – YOU are defined by the CHOICES you make NOW for your future.” ~ Patricia Dsouza #Leadership #Mindset #encouragement #Wisdom @motiquotees @successinspir”
― Patricia Dsouza

“With confidence, you have won before you have started.
So, never get diverted from your path that ultimately opens the doors of true success.”
― Mangesh Kumar Panwar

“Sometimes we have to fall apart to see the pieces”
― Kierra C.T. Banks

“Ten Keys To Success: Number 0; there is no easy or guaranteed recipe. Number 11: some else's path to it will not be yours.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“Confronting your enemy in anger feeds your ego, but diminishes your chance of success.”
― Shon Mehta, The Timingila

“ফুলের অনেক বৈচিত্র বা রঙের জৌলুশ আছে। এগুলো তার সাফল্য। কিন্ত যে গন্ধ দিয়ে সে আমাদের মন ভোলায়, তা হলো তার সার্থকতা।”
― Abdullah abu sayeed(আব্দুল্লাহ আবু সায়ীদ)

“I’ve realized people can live in a world they’ve personally constructed through a distorted lens of guilt and shame, whether they deserve it or not.”
― Kristy McMorlan, Treasures in the Trash

“When we consciously tie our most significant dreams to our daily actions, we pull ourselves out of the muck and step firmly onto the path that leads to success.”
― Richie Norton

“Never mind, you know the word must; with that word one does many things.”
― Alexandre Dumas, Twenty Years After

“Leaders are readers and learners are earners.”
― Janna Cachola

“Our successes are seldom as sweet as our enemies’ failures.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Adopt as your ambition the creation of a world in which those who work against you see the light and wake up and succeed, so that the better at which you are aiming can encompass them, too.”
― Jordan B. Peterson, 12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos

“I FOUND MYSELF LIVING FOR THE ONES WHO LOST THEIR LIVES”
― Qwana M. Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations With M.I.N.I M.E. Class Is Now In Session

“If I can promise you anything, it would be that you can do anything in this world as long as you're willing to put enough work into it. Nothing in this world is unachievable.”
― Cliff Hannold

“Ten Keys To Success: Number 0; there is no guaranteed or easy recipe. Number 11: some else's path to it will not be yours.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“How much the sea became very small, when the first ship sailed.”
― Mohamed Ismail

“Many times, success begins when we leave our comfort zone.”
― Laurie Buchanan, PhD

“Some people choose to take the problems of the world and brand them as their own problems. They brag & glorify their bad situation or problems , rather than choosing to find a solution for them.Life is hard for everyone, Please choose to find a way out of your bad situation than accepting it as life.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“The taste of success is worthy; when at least one flavor of failure added in it.”
― Ankit Sahay

“Google Analytics is the best friend of all Digital Marketers as it dictates the decision making and success of every websites.”
― Dr. Chris Dayagdag

“You are what you do, so you have to do what you want to be. We are how we spend our time.

If you want to be super good at texting and watching Netflix, you should text and watch Netflix all day—'cause you'll get really good at it.

If, in your dreams, you would rather be good at something else, then you should spend your time doing that thing. Don't wait for it to come to you.

You are how you spend your time.”
― Ian Rogers

“When you turn your problem into passion, your solution becomes success.”
― Janna Cachola

“A problem cannot be solved without understanding it.”
― Kristy McMorlan, Treasures in the Trash

“Choose happiness despite hardship.”
― Richie Norton

“Self-will can either destroy or catapult your ministry.”
― Jonathan Heimberg

“Living happily with parents requires adjustments.
That takes care of most demons of our minds.”
― Vineet Raj Kapoor

“Just a grain can bring a bird down from the skies.”
― Vineet Raj Kapoor

“The power of testimony is progress.”
― JNOEL

“Keep Trying” is forever, because the arrival time for success is uncertain. So, giving a time-frame to success is an invitation to the feeling of uncertainty, success arrives early to people who are scared of failures, they keep trying to be better at the job and in the process end-up avoiding failures.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Being successful is nothing but an act of removing the illusion that something is impossible.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Fail, fail and fail again - but never let those failures keep you from moving ahead.”
― Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All

“The sweet smell of success comes on the back of the stench of hard earned sweat.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“What do you want to be when you grow up," asked the goat her ambitious lamb.
" A wolf," answered the lamb.”
― Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land

“The moment you need to get started is called "now".”
― Shihab Kazi

“Those who dig for water and give up, make potholes. Those who persist and dig deep, make a well.”
― L.A. Golding, Lerkus: A Journey to End All Suffering

“Some people build roads and then walk”
― Vineet Raj Kapoor

“Succeed On 'Em!”
― Stephanie Lahart

“If there is failure in a relationship, it's because there was no LOVE.”
― Coletha Albert, Situations - A Book of Poems on Life

“Too much fanfare spoils success.”
― Marty Rubin

“As material items can still leave us feeling unfulfilled, perhaps a better gauge of success is simply happiness, finding enjoyment in what we do.”
― Kristi Bowman, A Butterfly Life: 4 Keys to More Happiness, Better Health & Letting Your True Self Shine

“The biggest mistake some people make is underestimating their own ability.”
― Colleen Ferrary Bader

“In our journey between Thinking to Improve and Trying to Improve exists the first stop called Willpower, and most of the travelers’ never go past this place, thinking that only thing matters is the resolution to reach the destination, but success needs completion of journey and that requires crossing the next two stops: determination & hard-work.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“If you never been at a point where you have to choose. Evaluate your life. Success and Happy life starts by you making a decision to Choose and choosing not only right things but what will work for you.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Confidence is the underwear of achievement”
― Ibrahim Hanif

“Hard life... write more! Life sucks... write more! No matter what don't stop. Keep to the grind and don't let up. Somewhere out there is your ramp to success. Forget about the exits or the shortcuts along the way. Stay on the highway and when the ramp comes... take it and go!”
― Theo Sage

“Small thinking keeps small businesses small”
― Mac Duke The Strategist

“It doesn't matter the size of step you take, but that you take one. I know you are constrained and cannot do many things, but you can do something.”
― Ibrahim Hanif

“Break the mold, do whatever the hell you want within your abilities. Don't overextend yourself to create a false appearance of wealth and success”
― Candice Galek

“The only secret to success is...YOU!”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“Success doesn't lead to happiness. Happy people are more successful. Therefore happiness is not a result to be attained through action, but a fact to be realized through knowledge.”
― Jimvirle/Jinvirle

“Nothing was going to compromise my freedom to walk the streets whenever, wherever and with whomever I wanted. I saw fame as being akin to living in a high-security prison and I didn’t want to go there. How can you win just enough and then leave the table? Go to a Gamblers Anonymous meeting and you’ll see it’s easier said than done. I’d have to be very careful to not let things get out of control. I resolutely avoided looking at charts, bank balances, reviews, radio or television appearances, and carried on like nothing out of the ordinary had happened.”
― Chrissie Hynde, Reckless: My Life as a Pretender

“Meaningful work gives life purpose and connects you to something bigger than yourself.”
― Germany Kent

“Whatever you do, do as an original human – as a master, not as a slave.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Let The Poor Be Your God

“The higher the obstacles, the higher we get to rise”
― Vineet Raj Kapoor

“If you are passionate about something, then give your whole soul to it, but be careful my friend, not to ignore that one person in pursuit of your goal, who has been your only support when everyone else mocked at you.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“I feel bad for you . If you only feel better about yourself when you body shame others . When you are oppressing others or you others are failing.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“A degree, designation and dictionary put together aren't enough to make substantial difference in life. It is acumen, attitude and fortitude that finally matters.”
― Kavita Bhupta Ghosh, Wanted Back-Bencher and Last-Ranker Teacher

“If we still point fingers when something wrong is happening. We are not ready and we will never find a solution for the problem at hand.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Just add a 'g' before race; race with grace and success will be yours!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“Success comes from continually expanding your frontiers in every direction - creatively, financially, spiritually, and physically.”
― James Altucher

“The best invention to come. The best design. The best next things to come it’s right in front of you. It might be something you use daily. Look carefully in your hood .In your surroundings, or in your life. Look at what is at your disposal. Look at your culture. It might make you the next millionaire. Pay attention to your hood. Don’t allow people to steal how you live and make that their new invention or ideas that will make them millionaires.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“You can cry again or You can try again. Choice is yours.”
― Soham Mondal

“Your leadership ability is determined by their leadership gap.”
― Lolly Daskal , The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“Excuse Me While I Succeed!”
― Stephanie Lahart

“Whatever you will accomplish is restricted by your ability to lead others.”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“No matter how gifted a leader is, their gifts will never reach their maximum potential without the application of self-belief.”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“Leadership is developed daily, not in a day.”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“Leadership is not only for a few people, leadership is for everyone and anyone who wants to lead.”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“Be armed with purpose, persistence and intention and the enemy called defeat will choose another to battle.”
― Daisy Gallagher, How To Succeed In A Testosterone World Without Losing Estrogen

“One of the most important lessons a leader can learn is how trust works.”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“The greater the impact you want to make, the greater your influence needs to be.”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“I had made my mind up that since I was not going to be a Negro, I would avail myself of every possible opportunity to make a white man's success; and that, if it can be summed up in any one word, means "money.”
― James Weldon Johnson, The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man

“A person's impact is only a fraction of what it could be with great leadership.”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“Success is within the reach of just about everyone.”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“Trust is the foundation of great leadership.”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“Character makes trust possible and trust makes great leadership possible.”
― Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness

“Either you shine in the dark or get lost in the light.”
― Soham Mondal

“Success isn't important. What's important is that one is happy and doing things one enjoys.”
― Marty Rubin

“The requisite of an Empire are the dreams & ambitions build on the boundaries of trust.”
― Kudretullah Sak

“Nothing is impossible for those who believe. - Hidden Treasures”
― Robin Bertram, Hidden Treasures: Finding Hope at the End of Life's Journey

“Success is never final.”
― Adamson and Steckel

“Unataka kufanikiwa lakini hutaki watu wakuone. Kama una kipaji kionyeshe kwa watu.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Self-affirmation is the line drawn between success and failure”
― Hisham Fawzi

“In life there is only one enemy who can stop your dreams - you!”
― Daisy Gallagher, The Government Contractor's Resource Guide

“When we are asked to act, we do so only if we feel at least minimally competent to do what is asked of us. We need to feel that our actions will ultimately be successful. Without some expectation of success, we are unlikely to act at all and will rather resign ourselves to letting fate take its course. We often redirect our thinking from our actual goals to the goal of preserving a sense of our competence. This act of self-protection is essential to maintaining a minimum capacity to act.”
― Dietrich Dörner, The Logic of Failure: Recognizing and Avoiding Error in Complex Situations

“If You...

say the same things as everyone else…
share the same links as everyone else…
post the same quotes as everyone else…
and put up the same pictures as everyone else…

Why should anyone think you are any different than everyone else?

You have your own creativity. You have your own story.

Stop trying to tell another person’s story and start engaging people with yours.”
― Loren Weisman

“To succeed we need commitment, discipline, dedication, and determination. And if you can amalgamate all of the above qualities with your passion and energy then no one can stop you from achieving the uncommon!”
― Avijeet Das

“Its ok to get discouraged in LIFE - just dont NEVER allow it to make you want to discontinue" - (G-Swiss)”
― G Swiss

“999 times I failed in vain,
In next attempt I won and
Unlocked the chain.
Then flew above the clouds,
got rid of rain,
Finally clutched success and felt pity on pain.”
― Soham Mondal

“The greatest ‘victory’ in any victory is that I didn’t make it about myself.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Many Western readers act offended by the mention of war in the Bible, yet celebrate the stratagem of war taught by Sun Tzu as though it is the original book on leadership and success. The Bible, of course, was written over a 1000 years before Sun Tzu was born.”
― Steve Cioccolanti

“Sometimes the things we do second time around are better and hold more value because we take the time to reflect and review, and revive them through a higher love. Don't be afraid to try again and do-over with greater wisdom, a fresh set of eyes, and a renewed hope. Life is not a straight line of first time successes. It's the road that is paved with failure and seemingly wrong turns that provides us with character, emotional grit and inner muscle to find new perspectives. The only expiry date to your dreams, intentions or goals is the one you allow to soak into your soul.”
― Christine Evangelou, Stardust and Star Jumps: A Motivational Guide to Help You Reach Toward Your Dreams, Goals, and Life Purpose

“That man who is regular and punctual will get sure success in all walks of life.”
― Sivananda Saraswati, Sure Ways For Success In Life And God Realisation

“From the moment you think you have made it, is the beginning of the end.”
― J.R. Rim

“i want work that is a relentless oasis.”
― Nayyirah Waheed, Nejma

“SUCCESS TONIC
• 1 tsp confidence
• 1 tsp courage
• 2 tsp patience
• 4 tsp prayer
• 4 tsp perseverance
• 4 tsp joy
• 6 tsp enthusiasm
Take one teaspoonful of this tonic three times daily.”
― Sivananda Saraswati, Samadhi Yoga

“Whatever you strive to do, as long as you do it your best, its enough.”
― Joshua Suya Pelicano

“The stories we create to understand ourselves become the narratives of our lives, explaining the accidents and choices that have brought us where we are: what I'm good at, what I care about most, and where I'm headed.”
― Peter C. Brown, Make It Stick: The Science of Successful Learning

“Success is transient, evanescent. The real passion lies in the poignant acquisition of knowledge about all the shading and subtleties of the creative secrets.”
― Konstantin Stanislavski

“The people who brag, who show off are the ones who got nothing underneath, who are insecure and that tiny little show is all that they got in that tiny nut shell, while a really treasurer, a real successful person is the one who stays quite and enjoys the show others put on”
― Meeran W. Malik

“There's no success without sacrifice.”
― Jeanette Coron

“In the race of life, of death, no runner is ahead, no runner behind.”
― Marty Rubin

“Victory in itself expires which is why you must win daily.”
― Awolumate Samuel

“If you go out without a plan, you will return home without any achievement.”
― Awolumate Samuel

“God Doesn't Love Me The Way I Deserve...He Loves Me The Way He Desires...”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option

“Greatness isn’t found in how you handle success, but in how you handle failure.”
― Todd Stocker

“The illusion of fear accompanies goals to test the will to succeed.”
― T.F. Hodge

“Perception is the beginning of all realization and actualization of possibilities.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Don’t wait for perfect conditions because life has no perfect conditions. The secret to success lies in your ability to do more with less.”
― Moffat Machingura, Life Capsules for Success: 50 Energy Capsules to Speed Boost You Towards Your Success, Now!

“Branding is a key communication tool and technique, which provides both consumers and manufactures with a way of differentiating their product or service.”
― Naomi Mc Laughlan, Brand Story Telling: Book #3 in the START-UPS ON A SHOESTRING BUDGET Series

“Rational argument can be conducted with some prospect of success only so long as the emotionality of a given situation does not exceed a critical degree.”
― Carl G. Jung

“stay hungry my friends ..... and you will conquer what you think is impossible !!!”
― Hisham Fawzi

“After some point, working harder makes achieving the goal harder or even impossible.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“When telling a story you can utilize numerous ways to create an attractive narrative that will enchant your audience aka ideal customers and clients.”
― Naomi Mc Laughlan, Brand Story Telling: Book #3 in the START-UPS ON A SHOESTRING BUDGET Series

“Don't let your dreams be just dreams. Make it a reality.”
― Joshua Suya Pelicano

“It only takes one word, three letters to start achieving your dreams: ACT”
― Joshua Suya Pelicano

“All achievements – all feats of excellence, rise from the protoplasmic realm of the brain.”
― Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All

“No one accomplishes anything if they decide before they begin that the task is too difficult. I'd rather attempt the impossible and fail than consign myself to failure before even making the attempt.”
― T.J. Kirk

“There are people that who want to be someone and there are people that want to do something.”
― David Axelrod

“I have always known that in life, becoming significant is really tough, however, remaining a mediocre is even tougher.”
― Awolumate Samuel

“The ultimate goal is the goal to succeed.”
― Arshad Wahedna

“Discomfort may be a doorway; don’t run from it.”
― Joseph Deitch, Elevate: An Essential Guide to Life

“Whoever said you have to be an A$$ to be a boss, should never get to be a boss. Especially in a democratic society. Being an A$$ boss in a democratic society only causes resentment and disloyalty. Motivate your employees by instilling pride in them for themselves and for their work brand. - Strong by Kailin Gow on how to build a Strong Company”
― Kailin Gow

“But man's duty is to try and endeavour, success depends upon chance and environments.”
― Bhagat Singh, Why I Am An Atheist: An Autobiographical Discourse

“Some researchers claim that emotional intelligence accounts for 75 percent of a person's success and perhaps that will be more true for the success of future artificial intelligence based cyborgs and other systems.”
― Amit Ray, Compassionate Artificial Superintelligence AI 5.0 - AI with Blockchain, BMI, Drone, IOT, and Biometric Technologies

“Success is nothing if you don't have the right people to share it with; you're just gonna end up Lonley.”
― selena gomez

“People who can manage their time can also manage their money. After all, managing minutes and managing money is the same exact principle.”
― Ann Marie Sabath, What Self-Made Millionaires Do That Most People Don't: 52 Ways to Create Your Own Success

“I reached my very edge. I was about to break down. I was about to break through.”
― Talismanist Giebra, Talismanist: Fragments of the Ancient Fire. Philosophy of Fragmentism Series.

“Persistence refines the miserable piece of carbon in you into the purest form of diamond.”
― Tobi Delly, 25 Things you Must Have Before age 25

“Your core values are your deciding factors for success.”
― Tobi Delly, 25 Things you Must Have Before age 25

“Your passport to influencing others is emotional intelligence, your fabric to choosing the right friends is social intelligence, your path to creating lasting wealth is financial intelligence, and your key to identifying your future is brand intelligence.”
― Tobi Delly, 25 Things you Must Have Before age 25

“Become a minimalist. Eliminate clutter from your life by living with the 100 things that you wear and use the most.”
― Ann Marie Sabath, What Self-Made Millionaires Do That Most People Don't: 52 Ways to Create Your Own Success

“Tell me the four people with whom you spend the most time and I will tell you who you are.”
― Ann Marie Sabath, What Self-Made Millionaires Do That Most People Don't: 52 Ways to Create Your Own Success

“When Opportunity meets Preparation she greets her with open arms and they both say in unison, "Let's do this!”
― Sanjo Jendayi

“Kufika hapa nilipofika leo nilijitolea vitu vingi na mambo mengi katika maisha yangu. Niliishi katika uhamisho wa kijamii kwa ajili ya mafanikio. Nilijitolea muda. Nilijitolea usingizi. Nilijitolea starehe. Wakati wengine wakienda baa mimi nilikuwa kazini. Wakati wengine wamelala, mimi nilikuwa macho nikifanya kazi. Wakati wengine wakiangalia vipindi pendwa vya televisheni, mimi nilikuwa nikiangalia vipindi visivyopendeka vya televisheni. Wakati wengine wana muda wa kuchezea, mimi nilikuwa nikiyaendesha maisha yangu kwa ratiba maalumu.”
― Enock Maregesi

“If you want to be successful, you must learn to be loyal audience of your own self because in life difficult times will arrive, you will have no one to applaud you, no one but you!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Progress Is A Process... - (G Swiss)”
― G Swiss

“Maisha yangu ni kafara ya mafanikio yangu.”
― Enock Maregesi

“Mafanikio ni matokeo mazuri ya jambo lolote na ni tofauti kwa kila mtu. Kama ulivyo uzuri, mafanikio yapo katika macho ya aonaye. Ni jukumu lako kujua mafanikio yana maana gani kwako, na jinsi gani umeyapata mafanikio hayo.”
― Enock Maregesi

“A* search for the certain puzzle that fits your mind. A certain quality out of matrix, an emerge of reality and divine. Persistent sustained look and fixed mind is the rebirth, the start of sanity, the start of rise.”
― Kudretullah Sak

“Siri ya mafanikio ni shida!”
― Enock Maregesi

“Vision is your first creation of the future.”
― Tobi Delly, 25 Things you Must Have Before age 25

“Since we live in a dynamic environment, changes will keep displacing us from our comfort zone. Every person, organisation and society faces challenges, how we deal with those challenges define our long-term success. Develop a breakthrough mindset that seeks solutions even in the time of adversity.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Your belief system consists of the power to create and to destroy.”
― Tobi Delly, 25 Things you Must Have Before age 25

“A talent is a gift from God.”
― Tobi Delly, 25 Things you Must Have Before age 25

“Passion is the fire to all great things.”
― Tobi Delly, 25 Things you Must Have Before age 25

“Dreaming is how you set your future in motion.”
― Tobi Delly, 25 Things you Must Have Before age 25

“I was only a few years away from becoming an overnight success.”
― Kathy Griffin, Official Book Club Selection: A Memoir According to Kathy Griffin

“Next to her, in the place where we were born, I was only a decoration, that is, I bore witness to Lila’s merits. Those who had known us from birth attributed to her, to the force of her attraction, the fact that the neighborhood could have on its streets an esteemed person like me.”
― Elena Ferrante, The Story of the Lost Child

“Your life would be a success if you had just one sentence to carve on your tombstone. They say that Stendhal spent his lifetime searching for the sentence to carve on his tombstone.”
― Eunjin Jang, No One Writes Back

“Adaptability is a most desirable habit or quality for success in life.”
― Sivananda Saraswati, Sure Ways For Success In Life And God Realisation

“Remember an arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards; so when you feel like life is dragging you down with difficulties, it simply means that it's going to launch you to something great. So just focus and keep aiming - Unknown”
― Megan Street, Well, This Is Growing Up

“Being a person who pushes himself to his or her own limits in order to become as great as he or she can possibly be means being a person who is constantly faced with some kind of fear. May it be mental or physical, may you be an athlete or a writer, YOU are facing fear, every single day, by doing something your mind or body never did before. But by overcoming that fear you take one step higher on the ladder, and the goal is to take those steps every single day.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving

“You aren't doing "nothing" when you choose to put your well-being first. In fact, this is the key to having everything.”
― Brittany Burgunder

“People may spend their whole lives climbing the ladder of success only to find, once they reach the top, that the ladder is leaning against the wrong wall.” - Thomas Merton.

What do you want to see when you reach the top of the ladder?”
― 7Cups

“If you are too lazy to plow, then you should never expect a harvest.”
― Proverb 20:4

“The best judge is the one who knows what is best, and has stand in the same shoes while trying to succeed in the same goal.”
― Bradley B. Dalina

“Will it take the death of me to finally learn that the things that I describe as success may very well be the death of me?”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“What you think of yourself in your mind is nobody's business. Make it count.”
― Majid Kazmi, The First Dancer: How to be the first among equals and attract unlimited opportunities

“You aren't doing "nothing" when you choose to put your wellbeing first. In fact, this is the key to having everything.”
― Brittany Burgunder

“Stay focused. Not every distraction is a worthy detour.”
― Steve Maraboli

“If we are unwilling to crash, we can never soar.”
― Carmine Savastano, Two Princes And A King: A Concise Review of Three Political Assassinations

“Believe in yourself, Give your best to everything and know that your one failure is not final.”
― Jyoti Patel

“Some of the people who we envy for having something we lack envy us for lacking something they have.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Trying” is failing with honor.”
― Ann Marie Sabath, What Self-Made Millionaires Do That Most People Don't: 52 Ways to Create Your Own Success

“pride only gurantees you will LOSE - whether now or eventually - what it will be that you lose or who it will be - only time will tell ... - (G Swiss)”
― G Swiss

“Being the first to start or leave does not necessarily mean that you will be the first to finish or arrive. Or that you will finish or arrive.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Great success never comes without great struggle. Then why do we fear failure and struggle?”
― Debasish Mridha

“Failure is the only damn way we learn. Have you failed? Yes. Will you fail more? All the time. And that’s the best thing that can ever happen to you. When you stop failing, you stop learning. And then you’re of no use to anyone.”
― Katie Cross, Flame

“Philosophy of mind is more important for success and happiness than ambition, education, or status.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Success comes in cans, not cannots.”
― James Patterson, An Alex Cross Omnibus: Cat and Mouse & Pop Goes the Weasel

“Champions know the emotions you want to feel and help you feel them by remaining genuine to a noble intention.”
― Thomas Le Hoang

“I have learned this important lesson: no one really knows what he or she is doing. The difference between the people who go for it and the people who don't? The people who go for it just ignore the fact that they don't know what they're doing.”
― Emily V. Gordon, Super You: Release Your Inner Superhero

“I rather be wrong sometimes than being fouled by others all the times”
― Hisham Fawzi

“Failure in Life is for Learning to get success”
― Muneeb Ambalvi

“Im loved for my ambition but hated for my success.”
― John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)

“We do not grow when things are going well. We grow when things are challenging. Problems are the key ingredient in personal growth.”
― 7Cups, 7 Cups for the Searching Soul

“Never measure success by other peoples standards. "Accomplishing YOUR OWN goals gives YOU the right to dictate YOUR own Success.”
― Marlan Rico Lee

“My definition of success is fulfillment. The bonus is that a person who’s fulfilled sleeps well at night and wakes up refreshed.”
― Laurie Buchanan, PhD

“I see many more successes and wins from those working to be better over those trying to be the best.

Remove the hype, the hate and the ego in your growth to truly grow to your potential and beyond.

Stop subscribing to the idea that you have to be the best.”
― Loren Weisman

“It’s hard to do a really good job on anything you don’t think about in the shower”
― Paul Graham

“Heroes inevitably experience at least one very big failure that tests whether they have the resilience to come back and fight smarter and with more determination.”
― Ray Dalio, Principles: Life and Work

“Don’t be resentful of others’ success, celebrate it. Success is not a limited resource and other people’s success doesn’t have to hinder yours.”
― Avina Celeste

“The most difficult thing about success is finding someone who would be happy for you.”
― Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land

“Are schools rewarding the right people as the highest achievers? If the goal is hard-working, productive, adaptable adults, then U.S. high schools are recognizing precisely the correct group.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“We get so used to thinking success means on thing,' she said. 'Like you can take a snapshot and see if you have it. It's not like that. It's your whole life, and you have years and years to work with. I always wants to tell young people, don't be so hard on yourself. Life is long. Be patient.”
― Charity Shumway, Ten Girls to Watch

“The mirrors of capitalism will never reflect us as wealthy, successful or even worthy.

- Change perception”
― Malebo Sephodi

“We forget to live while we are too busy making plans how to live our lives.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Real enemies usually reveal themselves and you dare to stand up to them because you know that is the right thing to do, but if you have false friends who are camouflaged on the exterior, you have dare to stand up to them even more because they will hurt you deeper and more permanent than your real enemies.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Standing for even the smallest things as a start will enable you to stand for greater things in life.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“You may have all the knowledge one can possibly acquire, but it is useless unless it is molded and transformed by the power of imagination.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Unlike any other organ in human body, the brain cells are stimulated by key ingredients like imagination, fantasy, creativity, craziness, courage, passion, and even nonsense. Without these, you have a brain with dead cells.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“You cannot possibly live a million lives even if you were the world's richest person alive, sure you can through books.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Judging people because of their unique differences is easy, take the time to love them.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Loving someone deeply and being loved by someone equally makes you a complete person.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“I love pressure, so deadlines don't scare me; bring it on!”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“A non-reader has no advantage over the blind; the former is someone who makes a personal choice to act in ignorance, whereas the latter is someone who is visually impaired.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Real enemies usually reveal themselves and you dare to stand up to them because you know that is the right thing to do, but if you have false friends who are camouflaged on the exterior, you have to dare to stand up to them even more because they will hurt you deeper and more permanent than your real enemies.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“If your understanding lacks the ability to explain what you understand to people of all ages, then you have not really understood.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“All it takes is one lie to be disbelieved;
All it takes is one cheat to be distrusted;
All it takes is one bad word to be excluded;
All it takes is one heartbreaking to be hated;
All it takes is one breath to be alive;
All it takes is one steal to be cast out;
All it takes is one last push to be winner;
All it takes is one gossip to be whisperer;
All it takes is one espionage to be backstabber;
All it takes is one call to be remembered;
All it takes is one nice word to be included;
All it takes is one thank you to be appreciated;
All it takes is one lousy comment to be ignorant;
All it takes is one severe error to be failure;
All it takes is one misbehavior to be labeled;
All it takes is one slaying to be evil;
All it takes is one smile to be welcome;
All it takes is one giving in to be surrendered for life;
All it takes is one victory to be taken seriously;
All it takes is one failure to be ridiculed and scorned;
All it takes is one hope to be believer;
All it takes is one promise to be counted on.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Sometimes look at life thinking... the easy way is always the wrong way and the hard way is always the right way. But yet still that doesn’t include the being patient and understanding way.”
― Jonathan Burkett

“Dreams are just dreams, nothing is real about them; but if you forget to live in the real world, then even the most fictitious dreams will feel real.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Now I realize that I want Leo to be like my father. I don't just want him to be happy, but also to make everyone around him happier. To not only be creative, but to make everyone around him more creative. To not only be successful, but to make everyone around him more successful. I don't just want him to be a bright light; I want him to make others shine brighter as well.”
― Shawn Achor, Big Potential: How Transforming the Pursuit of Success Raises Our Achievement, Happiness, and Well-Being

“Earlier adopters will be ultimate winners.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Our future success is directly proportional to our ability to understand, adopt and integrate new technology into our work.”
― Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows

“Transformation is not five minutes from now; it's a present activity. In this moment you can make a different choice, and it's these small choices and successes that build up over time to help cultivate a healthy self-image and self esteem.”
― Jillian Michaels

“Above all, the path of happiness embodies two qualities: success and gratitude. Success in the simple sense of striving for something and achieving it, and gratitude for being thankful for that which we have achieved. In simple words, happiness comes from our ongoing success in, and gratefulness for, being who we truly are.”
― Joseph Rain, The Unfinished Book About Who We Are

“Gunning for the milestone payments is the key to the success of a project.”
― Haresh Sippy

“If everyone is thinking alike, someone is not thinking”
― Eric Schmidt, How Google Works

“Be interested in finding the best way, not in having your way”
― Eric Schmidt

“Success without happiness is a mirage of life.”
― Debasish Mridha

“I am The Woman That Some Love, Some Admire, Some Envy, Some Hate....But None Ignores, I Have So much Influence!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Woman: You've Got ALL IT TAKES!

“Higher education, in contrast, did not always keep its promise to develop the talents of even its best students. Left with classroom achievement alone, many students never found a negotiable path to a clearly envisioned career corresponding to their deepest interests and values.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“What should scare you is not knowing what you don’t know. Always be eager to learn for knowledge is power.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyoss

“For academically talented women, in contrast, school success does not guarantee occupational success. Even the best female college students need people who will support them, encourage them, and – most important—who will connect them to opportunities.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“You Have The Holy Spirit That's All You Need For That's All It Takes!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Woman: You've Got ALL IT TAKES!

“Ukikaa nyuma yangu utafanikiwa, ukikaa mbele utaanguka.”
― Enock Maregesi

“If you feel inferior all the time, this means that you regularly let people say and do to you whatever they feel like.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“You’re so quiet and subdued! You worry me. Are you well?”

“Quite well. Deflated, perhaps. I have been deserted by my enemies. The affair is over. I am done.”
― Jack Vance, The Book of Dreams

“Success is a game which we measure not by the intentions of our opponents, but by the effects of their play.”
― Mapogo Chuene

“As valedictorians matured from high school they began to change their views of success from stereotypical ideals such as material wealth or emulating their parents’ lifestyle to an idea created on their own. They now sought balance between money, career and family as opposed to, say, only wealth. Academically and careerwise most of them were traditionally successful.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Are valedictorians successful a decade and a half after high school? Yes is the simple answer to this straightforward question…Yet the answer becomes infinitely less simple when we examine what society and the valedictorians themselves mean by “success.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“The record is clear; nothing succeeds like success and there is no predictor of academic success better than a history of academic success.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Extremely talented students face an odd danger: they do so well in the paths they choose that they might not question whether the direction really fits them.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Male valedictorians attended Harvard, Yale, Princeton, MIT, and Stanford. Only one woman chose an Ivy League university-Cornell.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Women—and only women—lowered their intellectual self-esteem between high school graduation and sophomore year of college.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“If your plans are failing, search your motives. When you do things for the wrong reasons, do not expect God to back you up.”
― DENVER MEDINA

“Outstanding students of color arrived on campus without the web of white middle-class family and school structures that provided Anglo students with practical knowledge in such areas as college choice strategies and career planning.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“College bonds weakened for students of who lived off campus, took outside employment, and maintained active family commitments. Unskilled in navigating the university, these students were unlikely to enter the personal networks where insiders traded the practical information they desperately needed.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“For minority students, as for women and working-class white valedictorians, superior college grades did not lead smoothly to high-level satisfying work.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“The stories of successful channels, stifling ruts, and missed paths all point to the same conclusion: the successful passage from school to postschool achievement requires an interpersonal process of increasing self-understanding, career socialization, and tacit knowledge.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Academically capable men and women almost never follow a single-minded interest from childhood into careers.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“The happiest have found adult achievement arenas that do engage them, occasionally through the luck of good early choices, sometimes by leaving worn paths, and most often through exploring themselves and careers with the help of guides and sponsors.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Just as the stereotypes of the one-sided academic grind or the obsessed genius are myths for high school valedictorians, also false is the conception of academic achievers as troubled individuals effective only in school.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“As a group, valedictorians have always led well-rounded, socially integrated, ‘normal’ lives.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Female valedictorians marry a little later and participate somewhat more heavily in paid work than women in their age group nationally.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“In their early thirties, the most career-invested women and men in the Illinois Valedictorian Project are those who have found deep personal meaning in vocations. Those qualities and conditions that keep students centered on work are different than those that made them high school valedictorian.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“To reach the head of the class, students needed to conform to the school system and work equally hard at all subjects.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Valedictorians were highly motivated to excel academically because of early family and school experiences.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“If you want to live an effortless life, believe me you will not live, you will just exist because living in the true sense requires you to put constant efforts day in day out.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“For all students, a network of career exploration opportunities, sponsors, and mentors is a critical accompaniment to coursework.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“BEWARE OF THOSE

Beware of those who are bitter,
For they will never allow you
To enjoy your fruit.

Beware of those who criticize you
When you deserve some praise for an achievement,
For they secretly desire to be worshiped.

Beware of those who are needy or stingy,
For they would rather sting you
Than give you anything.

Beware of those who are always hungry.
They will feed you to the wolves
Just to get paid.

Beware of those who speak negatively
About everything and everybody.
A negative person will never say
A positive thing about you.

Beware of those who are bored
And not passionate about life.
They will bore you with reasons for not living.

Beware of those who are too focused with
Polishing and beautifying their outer shells.
They lack true substance to understand
That genuine beauty is in the heart
that resides inside.

Beware of those who step in the path of your dreams.
They only dream to have the ability
To take half your steps.

Beware of those who steer you away
From your heart’s true happiness.
It would make them happy to see you
Steer yourself next to them,
Sitting with both your hearts bitter.

Those who are critical don’t like being criticized,
And those who are insensitive have a deficiency in their senses.

And finally,
Beware of those who tell you to BEWARE.
They are too aware of everything –
And live alone, scared.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“They were all in it together. Together, they could all savor success. They all labored under the same exhaustion. It was therefore a shame she felt so alone.”
― Jun Prince, The Beautiful Dead: A Tale of K-Pop, Ghosts, and Nine-Tailed Fox Women

“Success is continually a relative of sweat.”
― Bharath Mamidoju

“Your successes were never due to your brains. You achieved them because you have “character.”
― V.S. Pritchett, London Perceived

“That is, ability, values, opportunities, gender, culture, and social class all affect the aspirations and achievements of academically talented students. So does chance.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“We sometimes congratulate someone, not because we value or find worthy what they have just achieved, but only because we fear coming across as jealous.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The only way to fail, is when you allow it to happen.”
― Maged Gamani

“From the sadness, learn something; from the happiness, learn something. From the setbacks, learn something and even from the success learn something. Never stop learning from any situation in life, for that is where the wisdom lies”
― Gift Gugu Mona

“As humans, the development of our personality and success in life is not influenced only by our innate inherited traits”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Danger Of Monoculturalism In The XXI Century

“Our success and how well we develop in life is greatly influenced by our perceptions, responses and decisions during challenging times”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Danger Of Monoculturalism In The XXI Century

“The adherent who believes in the hard working ethics of the black man experiences continuous success and development”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Danger Of Monoculturalism In The XXI Century

“Plowing like a Negro” is actually the way to success”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Danger Of Monoculturalism In The XXI Century

“If a person labors diligently and has vital qualities, such a person will be very wealthy and successful”
― Sunday Adelaja, The Danger Of Monoculturalism In The XXI Century

“Don't think less of me as a person because of my profession.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Like a tree, let your roots ground you while your branches grow in many different directions with every new experience.”
― Joy Madden, The Joy of Blinds and Shutters

“The right to education should be protected, preserved and cultivated. The efforts to better the system are good. but they are not enough. We need to work together to change access and to also change how we are taught”
― David Sikhosana

“My biggest fear is seeing myself in a grave without becoming the President of Haiti one day to save my country.”
― Werley Nortreus

“Success is the byproduct of a creative imagination.”
― Debasish Mridha

“We spend a huge chunk of our lives worrying about whether or not we will eventually get the person and/or the things we need or want. Once we get them, we spend the rest of our lives worrying about whether or not we will eventually lose them.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“All feedback is relevant, even if it's not true.”
― Ford Taylor, Relactional Leadership: When Relationships Collide with Transactions

“Research is an endless loop of failures interspersed with occasional profound discoveries.”
― Steven Magee

“To be number one is to be publicly labeled a winner in the system that counts – a system of advancement through personal merit and effort in rugged competition. Labels of success – Rhodes scholar, Nobel laureate, Heisman Trophy winner – follow a person through life and define him or her to the public. One such label, valedictorian, marks academic winners. Schools in the United States have at least one common belief: high academic achievement is a good thing.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“From kindergarten to the valedictory address, schools grade, rank, and label their best performers. The top high school student wins the first major life contest, a competition in which most members of society participate. Following high school, victors enter subsequent contests at an advantage. The race is never restarted.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“The best success is defined by happiness not by achievement.”
― Debasish Mridha

“One of the problems with having time to read all that you want is that your interests become so eclectic it's hard to focus.”
― Karen Arnold, Lives of Promise: What Becomes of High School Valedictorians: A Fourteen-year Study of Achievement and Life Choices

“Godliness makes a man great.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Before fall in love make some money otherwise you will face lots of problem, also you can be lost your special one. Without money in this generation you can not get success in your love life.”
― Sudeb Gharami

“Invest today, so as to get from it the utmost health, happiness and success”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Read what you can, and read all you can without keeping a record of how many books you have read or how little time is left.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Life went on before you, goes on with you, and will go on without you. Live it to the fullest, enjoy every moment, always have time for real friends and loved ones, learn as much as you can, and be the best human being you believe you can be, not the person who people around you want you to be.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Your beliefs can be a prison system created by your mind for yourself. But the door is not locked. If you are aware, you can always come out of that.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“I don't make much of a living, but I do live much of a making.”
― Laurence Overmire, New York Minute: An Actor's Memoir

“If you think you can't
Do something,
Think deeper,
Work harder
Change the way
Change a method
And you will realize
What you want”
― Slobodan Boban Manic

“Think fast, make a decision, do it
and the powers of the Universe are with you.”
― Slobodan Boban Manic

“Instead of worry, you believe
Instead of fear, be sure you can
Instead of run away ,take the action
And All powers of Universe
Will create for you,what you want”
― Slobodan Boban Manic

“You have a choice, you can be someone who makes it happen or someone who lets it happen.”
― Bobby Darnell, Time For Dervin - Living Large In Geiggityville

“Successful people do what they love, not what they are told to do.”
― Gordana Biernat, #KnowTheTruth: Why Knowing Who You Are Changes Everything

“Instead of worrying or scaring
Take the Laws of the Universe,
Take the method or technique you know;
If for some reason this method
does not work for you,
Learn another one fit for you
AND FIX THAT”
― Slobodan Boban Manic

“Every failure makes me to work twice as hard than me giving up.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“The difference between successful and unsuccessful people is how much value they attach to time”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Success had put me on the wrong track and I did not know that there is a kind of success worse than failure, and a kind of failure worth all the success in the world. Neither did I know that the distant friendship of Rainer Maria Rilke would one day console me for having seen his lamp burn without knowing that it was signalling me to go and singe my wings against its flame.”
― Jean Cocteau

“The idea that only a few are meant for success or greatness is nothing but a myth”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Nations that have successfully converted better are those ones we refer to as developed nations today”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“The difference between failure and success is conversion”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“If you can successfully convert your time effectively, you will become unstoppable and your success will amaze the world”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Time plays a major role in achieving success”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Don't hate that is the only way you will progress to success. Learn to congratulate and compliment others when they do good, win or succeed.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“You are responsible for your success”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“It is the investment of time that gives birth to success”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“It is not reputation, wealth, fame, success or religiosity that glorifies God. It's slavery.”
― indonesia123

“Knowing how to write the new rulebook for your
career gives you a competitive advantage
that will last long into the future.”
― Michelle Gibbings, Career Leap: How to Reinvent and Liberate Your Career

“You can't future proof your role, but you can future proof your career”
― Michelle Gibbings, Career Leap: How to Reinvent and Liberate Your Career

“You need more faith in self than in God to be successful on earth”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“You might be successful on earth without faith in God”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Faith in God is not a compulsory factor for you to be successful on earth, but you will be a failure in heaven without faith in God”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“People are successful today because they work hard with an incredible faith in themselves in converting their time”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Become successful! That's the only way people hear what you say.”
― Ibn Jeem

“The dreams that you have today will become the reality of tomorrow if you truly believe in them.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“The only true test of values, either of men or of things, is that of their ability to make the world a better place in which to live.”
― Henry Ford

“God has placed everything in you to succeed”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Greatness is the born of ordinary men who decided to work extraordinarily hard.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Sensuality is instrumental to developing the confidence for personal and professional success.”
― Lebo Grand, Sensual Lifestyle

“The skill of setting goals and achieving them is the ultimate skill you can ever master.”
― Khoa Bui, The Goal Setting Playbook: How To Achieve Your Big Goals And Transform Your Life

“The man who waits to know everything is the man who never does anything.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The difference between ‘wanting’ something and ‘having’ something is ‘doing’ something.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“When it cones to 'change', you are either a leader or a follower; leaders create change, shape it, live it and be the change; followers on the other hand serve to the change and those who create it, furthermore they are forced to live somebody else's change. So, it is time for you to make a decision what you choose to be, a leader or a follower.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Success is not important,
It's the lessons you learn during the process that makes all the difference.”
― Somya Kedia

“Though you have failed before, there is no guarantee that you will fail again. Try, try again because if you stop trying you can never succeed.”
― Avina Celeste

“Make your success a habit not just an act of whim.”
― Avina Celeste

“The problem is us. We don't look up to people who have made it in life to inspire us. Wanting to know how they made it. Instead, we look down to people who have failed in trying to make it. That we don't want to start or try for ourselves because we don't want to end up like them.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“What is the key to life? What will ensure good success? Living a God-centered and Holy Spirit led life. Simple. Uncomplicated”
― Paddick Van Zyl

“No matter what role you play in a meeting, how you show up in that role is critical to the meeting’s success.”
― Emily M. Axelrod, Let's Stop Meeting Like This: Tools to Save Time and Get More Done

“If you don't like what you see when you look in the mirror and you don't have a clue what you want in life, then it is going to be nearly impossible for you to do anything and be successful at it.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“There is no challenge in knowing the outcome of what you are attempting to do, the real challenge is not knowing how what you are doing is going to turn out, or even better, attempting to do something that everybody tells you absolutely impossible to do.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“When it cones to 'change', you are either a leader or follower; leaders create change, shape it, live it and be the change; followers on the other hand serve to the change and are forced to live somebody else's change. So, it is time for you to decide what you choose to be, a leader or a follower.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“The spirit of the eagle flies within us all.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“When it comes to 'change', you are either a leader or a follower; leaders create change, shape it, live it and be the change; followers on the other hand serve to the change and those who create it, furthermore they are forced to live somebody else's change. So, it is time for you to make a decision what you choose to be, a leader or a follower.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Success is the ability to live life the way you want without compromising values.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Do what you have to do... before you do what you want to do.”
― Katrina Cureton

“If you don't know where you are going, you will never get there.”
― Sonali Sinha

“To succeed in the world, you do not need luck or favoritism; what you need is you already have, try, try again, and try harder. Other essential ingredients are commitment, dedication, consistency, and the iron-will.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“When you know people, and those people know what you do, success knows how to find you.”
― Kelly Hoey

“Courage is making a difference in your life and in the world;
Courage is standing up for yourself and against injustice;
Courage is appreciating differences despite what others think;
Courage is taking risks no matter how terrified you are;
Courage is daring to do what most people are afraid of doing;
Courage is standing tall after the hardest fall;
Courage is starting fresh after you lost everything you owned;
Courage is living every day with a purpose despite obstacles;
Courage is getting up and voicing your opinion without fear;
Courage is accepting change, moreover being the change;
Courage is fighting for your rights even it costs your life;
Courage is apologizing and saying sorry for wrongdoing;
Courage is standing firm against racism and anybody who is racist;
Courage is taking actions to save the lives of others;
Courage is telling the truth no matter what;
Courage is spending your life towards improving the human existence;
Courage is...”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Don't be upset when you see people around you get surprised at your great success. Their reaction is natural because they simply knew you before you became a man/woman of success.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“The road to success lies in the heart of knowing what you want to do in life and do it; some call it destiny.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“You only stop trying when you are physically or/and mentally unable to do so; if neither one is the case, then do yourself a favor and don't create silly excuses for not trying.”
― JOHN TASKINSOY

“Support and trust are time-tested tools but they prove deceptive in certain areas. Do not depend too much on trust and support. They are like the waves touching the shore.”
― Balroop Singh, When Success Eludes...A Step by Step Guide To Success

“Success is not just to be at peace with your achievements. It is also developing the ability to inspire people around you.”
― Balroop Singh, When Success Eludes...A Step by Step Guide To Success

“You may have given the best of everything to your family but if you failed to inspire the right values, if your arrogance is remembered more than your love, if you don’t get the respect that you expect; the accountability lies with you and how far you escorted yourself in the pursuit of success.”
― Balroop Singh, When Success Eludes...A Step by Step Guide To Success

“If we change our station in life, people’s attitudes towards us may change. True, but the people who genuinely love us, care about us and want the best for us will be happy for our success.”
― Sam Owen

