“Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.”
― Marthe Troly-Curtin, Phrynette Married

“I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo.
"So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart. So you'd better learn the sound of it. Otherwise you'll never understand what it's saying.”
― Sarah Dessen, Just Listen

“Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.”
― Anthony G. Oettinger

“It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone.”
― Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy

“Books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: Let’s not forget this.”
― Dave Eggers

“How did it get so late so soon?”
― Dr. Seuss

“It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

“Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.”
― Paulo Coelho

“Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.”
― Mother Theresa

“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again.”
― Eric Roth, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button Screenplay

“You can have it all. Just not all at once.”
― Oprah Winfrey

“Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. ”
― Coco Chanel

“Time is the longest distance between two places.”
― Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie

“Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy
Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.”
― Andy Warhol, The Philosophy of Andy Warhol

“They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!”
― Dr. Seuss

“They say time heals all wounds, but that presumes the source of the grief is finite”
― Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince

“A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.”
― Charles Darwin, The Life & Letters of Charles Darwin

“Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.”
― Taylor Swift

“I sit beside the fire and think
Of all that I have seen
Of meadow flowers and butterflies
In summers that have been

Of yellow leaves and gossamer
In autumns that there were
With morning mist and silver sun
And wind upon my hair

I sit beside the fire and think
Of how the world will be
When winter comes without a spring
That I shall ever see

For still there are so many things
That I have never seen
In every wood in every spring
There is a different green

I sit beside the fire and think
Of people long ago
And people that will see a world
That I shall never know

But all the while I sit and think
Of times there were before
I listen for returning feet
And voices at the door”
― J.R.R. Tolkien

“Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real.”
― Cormac McCarthy, All the Pretty Horses

“Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by. The past increases, the future recedes. Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting.”
― Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance

“Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why.”
― Kurt Vonnegut

“It's hard being left behind. (...) It's hard to be the one who stays.”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to.”
― Lao Tzu

“Time is an illusion.”
― Albert Einstein

“It's being here now that's important. There's no past and there's no future. Time is a very misleading thing. All there is ever, is the now. We can gain experience from the past, but we can't relive it; and we can hope for the future, but we don't know if there is one.”
― George Harrison

“Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its brevity.”
― Jean de La Bruyère, Les Caractères

“You may delay, but time will not.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“The past is never dead. It's not even past.”
― William Faulkner, Requiem for a Nun

“The timeless in you is aware of life's timelessness. And knows that yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream.”
― Khalil Gibran, The Prophet

“There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want.”
― Bill Watterson

“It’s dark now and I am very tired. I love you, always. Time is nothing.”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“Time is a game played beautifully by children.”
― Heraclitus, Fragments

“Sometimes I feel like if you just watch things, just sit still and let the world exist in front of you - sometimes I swear that just for a second time freezes and the world pauses in its tilt. Just for a second. And if you somehow found a way to live in that second, then you would live forever.”
― Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium

“One day spent with someone you love can change everything.”
― Mitch Albom, For One More Day

“Being with you and not being with you is the only way I have to measure time.”
― Jorge Luis Borges

“It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.”
― Edgar Allan Poe

“How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon?”
― Dr. Seuss

“Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.”
― Stephen King, The Green Mile

“Time is what we want most,but what we use worst.”
― William Penn

“The future is uncertain but the end is always near.”
― jim morrison

“A man must dream a long time in order to act with grandeur, and dreaming is nursed in darkness.”
― Jean Genet

“My past is everything I failed to be.”
― Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet

“I have no faith in human perfectibility. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.”
― Edgar Allan Poe

“For a while" is a phrase whose length can't be measured.At least by the person who's waiting.”
― Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun

“The strongest of all warriors are these two — Time and Patience.”
― Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“Spring passes and one remembers one's innocence.
Summer passes and one remembers one's exuberance.
Autumn passes and one remembers one's reverence.
Winter passes and one remembers one's perseverance.”
― Yoko Ono

“There are memories that time does not erase... Forever does not make loss forgettable, only bearable.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire

“Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.”
― Alan Watts

“As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do.”
― Jean-Paul Sartre , Nausea

“Time doesn't take away from friendship, nor does separation.”
― Tennessee Williams, Memoirs

“Time can be a greedy thing-sometimes it steals the details for itself.”
― Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner

“There should be a statute of limitation on grief. A rulebook that says it is all right to wake up crying, but only for a month. That after 42 days you will no longer turn with your heart racing, certain you have heard her call out your name. That there will be no fine imposed if you feel the need to clean out her desk; take down her artwork from the refrigerator; turn over a school portrait as you pass - if only because it cuts you fresh again to see it. That it's okay to measure the time she has been gone, the way we once measured her birthdays.”
― Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper

“Time is what keeps everything from happening at once.”
― Ray Cummings, The Girl in the Golden Atom

“All photographs are memento mori. To take a photograph is to participate in another person’s (or thing’s) mortality, vulnerability, mutability. Precisely by slicing out this moment and freezing it, all photographs testify to time’s relentless melt.”
― Susan Sontag

“I'm not much but I'm all I have.”
― Philip K Dick, Martian Time-Slip

“The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.”
― C.S. Lewis

“There are moments when I wish I could roll back the clock and take all the sadness away, but I have the feeling that if I did, the joy would be gone as well.”
― Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember

“Time isn’t precious at all, because it is an illusion. What you perceive as precious is not time but the one point that is out of time: the Now. That is precious indeed. The more you are focused on time—past and future—the more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is.”
― Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment

“Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.”
― M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values and Spiritual Growth

“The three rules of the Librarians of Time and Space are: 1) Silence; 2) Books must be returned no later than the last date shown; and 3) Do not interfere with the nature of causality.”
― Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!

“She wanted none of those days to end, and it was always with disappointment that she watched the darkness stride forward. ”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“There is more to life than simply increasing its speed.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“And therein lies the whole of man's plight. Human time does not turn in a circle; it runs ahead in a straight line. That is why man cannot be happy: happiness is the longing for repetition.”
― Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being

“The future came and went in the mildly discouraging way that futures do.”
― Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch

“Time is a slippery thing: lose hold of it once, and its string might sail out of your hands forever.”
― Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See

“The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“Lost Time is never found again.”
― Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack

“Eventually, all things merge into one, and a river runs through it. The river was cut by the world's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time. On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops. Under the rocks are the words, and some of the words are theirs.
I am haunted by waters.”
― Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through it and Other Stories

“It starts so young, and I'm angry about that. The garbage we're taught. About love, about what's "romantic." Look at so many of the so-called romantic figures in books and movies. Do we ever stop and think how many of them would cause serious and drastic unhappiness after The End? Why are sick and dangerous personality types so often shown a passionate and tragic and something to be longed for when those are the very ones you should run for your life from? Think about it. Heathcliff. Romeo. Don Juan. Jay Gatsby. Rochester. Mr. Darcy. From the rigid control freak in The Sound of Music to all the bad boys some woman goes running to the airport to catch in the last minute of every romantic comedy. She should let him leave. Your time is so valuable, and look at these guys--depressive and moody and violent and immature and self-centered. And what about the big daddy of them all, Prince Charming? What was his secret life? We dont know anything about him, other then he looks good and comes to the rescue.”
― Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming

“There will be time, there will be time
To prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet.”
― T.S. Eliot.

“Never waste a minute thinking about people you don't like.”
― Dwight D. Eisenhower

“Time spent with a cat is never wasted.”
― Colette

“There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time.”
― Coco Chanel

“Only time can heal your broken heart. Just as only time can heal his broken arms and legs.”
― Miss Piggy

“It is not time or opportunity that is to determine intimacy;—it is disposition alone. Seven years would be insufficient to make some people acquainted with each other, and seven days are more than enough for others.”
― Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility

“Time is an equal opportunity employer. Each human being has exactly the same number of hours and minutes every day. Rich people can't buy more hours. Scientists can't invent new minutes. And you can't save time to spend it on another day. Even so, time is amazingly fair and forgiving. No matter how much time you've wasted in the past, you still have an entire tomorrow.”
― Denis Waitley

“The future starts today, not tomorrow.”
― Pope John Paul II

“The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,
Moves on: nor all thy Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.”
― Omar Khayyám

“Fantasy, if it's really convincing, can't become dated, for the simple reason that it represents a flight into a dimension that lies beyond the reach of time.”
― Walt Disney

“The time will come when diligent research over long periods will bring to light things which now lie hidden. A single lifetime, even though entirely devoted to the sky, would not be enough for the investigation of so vast a subject... And so this knowledge will be unfolded only through long successive ages. There will come a time when our descendants will be amazed that we did not know things that are so plain to them... Many discoveries are reserved for ages still to come, when memory of us will have been effaced.”
― Seneca, Natural Questions

“I give you this to take with you:
Nothing remains as it was. If you know this, you can
begin again, with pure joy in the uprooting.”
― Judith Minty, Letters to My Daughters

“Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.”
― Hans Christian Andersen

“I always felt like I was meant to have been born in another era, another time.”
― Johnny Depp

“I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.”
― Alan Wilson Watts

“Clocks slay time... time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life.”
― William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury

“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“The past is a ghost, the future a dream and all we ever have is now.”
― Bill Cosby

“Punctuality is the thief of time”
― Oscar Wilde

“Don’t worry if people think you’re crazy. You are crazy. You have that kind of intoxicating insanity that lets other people dream outside of the lines and become who they’re destined to be.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.”
― Charles Buxton

“It is looking at things for a long time that ripens you and gives you a deeper meaning.”
― Vincent Van Gogh

“Inelegantly, and without my consent, time passed.”
― Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You

“Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.”
― John Lubbock, The Use Of Life

“The Universe is very, very big.
It also loves a paradox. For example, it has some extremely strict rules.
Rule number one: Nothing lasts forever.
Not you or your family or your house or your planet or the sun. It is an absolute rule. Therefore when someone says that their love will never die, it means that their love is not real, for everything that is real dies.

Rule number two: Everything lasts forever.”
― Craig Ferguson, Between the Bridge and the River

“There's no advantage to hurrying through life." -Shikamaru Nara”
― Masashi Kishimoto

“With endless time, nothing is special. With no loss or sacrifice, we can’t appreciate what we have”
― Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper

“Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing.”
― Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson

“Time's the thief of memory”
― Stephen King, The Gunslinger

“Five minutes are enough to dream a whole life, that is how relative time is.”
― Mario Benedetti

“Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.”
― Benjamin Disraeli

“The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time.”
― Dante Alighieri

“It is not that we have so little time but that we lose so much. ... The life we receive is not short but we make it so; we are not ill provided but use what we have wastefully.”
― Lucius Annaeus Seneca, On the Shortness of Life

“The chief beauty about time
is that you cannot waste it in advance.
The next year, the next day, the next hour are lying ready for you,
as perfect, as unspoiled,
as if you had never wasted or misapplied
a single moment in all your life.
You can turn over a new leaf every hour
if you choose.”
― Arnold Bennett

“We are living in a culture entirely hypnotized by the illusion of time, in which the so-called present moment is felt as nothing but an infintesimal hairline between an all-powerfully causative past and an absorbingly important future. We have no present. Our consciousness is almost completely preoccupied with memory and expectation. We do not realize that there never was, is, nor will be any other experience than present experience. We are therefore out of touch with reality. We confuse the world as talked about, described, and measured with the world which actually is. We are sick with a fascination for the useful tools of names and numbers, of symbols, signs, conceptions and ideas.”
― Alan Wilson Watts

“But the you who you are tonight is the same you I was in love with yesterday, the same you I’ll be in love with tomorrow.”
― Gayle Forman, If I Stay

“I'm afraid of time... I mean, I'm afraid of not having enough time. Not enough time to understand people, how they really are, or to be understood myself. I'm afraid of the quick judgements or mistakes everybody makes. You can't fix them without time. I'm afraid of seeing snapshots, not movies.”
― Ann Brashares

“Everything takes time. Bees have to move very fast to stay still.”
― David Foster Wallace, Brief Interviews with Hideous Men

“Time will explain.”
― Jane Austen, Persuasion

“But if you come at just any time, I shall never know at what hour my heart is to be ready to greet you.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

“The best things are never arrived at in haste. God is in no hurry; His plans are never rushed.”
― Michael Phillips

“Odysseus inclines his head. "True. But fame is a strange thing. Some men gain glory after they die, while others fade. What is admired in one generation is abhorred in another." He spread his broad hands. "We cannot say who will survive the holocaust of memory. Who knows?" He smiles. "Perhaps one day even I will be famous. Perhaps more famous than you.”
― Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles

“Time that withers you will wither me. We will fall like ripe fruit and roll down the grass together. Dear friend, let me lie beside you watching the clouds until the earth covers us and we are gone.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body

“If you have the woman you love, what more do you need? Well, besides an alibi for the time of her husband’s murder. ”
― Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.

“You need to make time for your family no matter what happens in your life”
― Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook

“I confess I do not believe in time. I like to fold my magic carpet, after use, in such a way as to superimpose one part of the pattern upon another. Let visitors trip. And the highest enjoyment of timelessness―in a landscape selected at random―is when I stand among rare butterflies and their food plants. This is ecstasy, and behind the ecstasy is something else, which is hard to explain. It is like a momentary vacuum into which rushes all that I love. A sense of oneness with sun and stone. A thrill of gratitude to whom it may concern―to the contrapuntal genius of human fate or to tender ghosts humoring a lucky mortal.”
― Vladimir Nabokov

“I'd like to get away from earth awhile
And then come back to it and begin over.
May no fate wilfully misunderstand me
And half grant what I wish and snatch me away
Not to return. Earth's the right place for love:
I don't know where it's likely to go better.”
― Robert Frost, Birches

“Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.”
― Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us

“Eternity is in love with the productions of time.”
― William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell

“Time is not the great teacher. Experience is. A man may live a whole life, but if he never leaves his home to experience that life, he dies knowing nothing. A mere child who has suffered and lived can be the wiser of the two.”
― Lynsay Sands, Love Bites

“the tired sunsets and the tired
people -
it takes a lifetime to die and
no time at
all.”
― Charles Bukowski

“Time is a gift, given to you, given to give you the time you need, the time you need to have the time of your life. ”
― Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth

“This life therefore is not righteousness, but growth in righteousness, not health, but healing, not being but becoming, not rest but exercise. We are not yet what we shall be, but we are growing toward it, the process is not yet finished, but it is going on, this is not the end, but it is the road. All does not yet gleam in glory, but all is being purified.”
― Martin Luther

“Have you also learned that secret from the river; that there is no such thing as time?" That the river is everywhere at the same time, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the current, in the ocean and in the mountains, everywhere and that the present only exists for it, not the shadow of the past nor the shadow of the future.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“When you are measuring life, you are not living it.”
― Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper

“L'éternité, c'est long ... surtout vers la fin.”
― Franz Kafka

“Thirty years ago my older brother, who was ten years old at the time, was trying to get a report written on birds that he'd had three months to write, which was due the next day. We were out at our family cabin in Bolinas, and he was at the kitchen table close to tears, surrounded by binder paper and pencils and unopened books about birds, immobilized by the hugeness of the task ahead. Then my father sat down beside him put his arm around my brother's shoulder, and said, "Bird by bird, buddy. Just take it bird by bird.”
― Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life

“Do not wait: the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.”
― Napoleon Hill

“It's such a shame to waste time. We always think we have so much of it.”
― Mitch Albom, For One More Day

“Everything changed the day she figured out there was exactly enough time for the important things in her life.”
― Brian Andreas

“Months are different in college, especially freshman year. Too much happens. Every freshman month equals six regular months—they're like dog months.”
― Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl

“I want to be the best version of myself for anyone who is going to someday walk into my life and need someone to love them beyond reason.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“The writer's curse is that even in solitude, no matter its duration, he never grows lonely or bored.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Real museums are places where Time is transformed into Space.”
― Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence

“The role played by time at the beginning of the universe is, I believe, the final key to removing the need for a Grand Designer, and revealing how the universe created itself. … Time itself must come to a stop. You can’t get to a time before the big bang, because there was no time before the big bang. We have finally found something that does not have a cause because there was no time for a cause to exist in. For me this means there is no possibility of a creator because there is no time for a creator to have existed. Since time itself began at the moment of the Big Bang, it was an event that could not have been caused or created by anyone or anything. … So when people ask me if a god created the universe, I tell them the question itself makes no sense. Time didn’t exist before the Big Bang, so there is no time for God to make the universe in. It’s like asking for directions to the edge of the Earth. The Earth is a sphere. It does not have an edge, so looking for it is a futile exercise.”
― Stephen W. Hawking

“Time moves slowly, but passes quickly.”
― Alice Walker, The Color Purple

“Time has no meaning,
Love will endure..”
― Jude Deveraux

“Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.”
― Henry Van Dyke

“A man is the sum of his misfortunes. One day you'd think misfortune would get tired but then time is your misfortune”
― William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury

“Life has a way of going in circles. Ideally, it would be a straight path forward––we'd always know where we were going, we'd always be able to move on and leave everything else behind. There would be nothing but the present and the future. Instead, we always find ourselves where we started. When we try to move ahead, we end up taking a step back. We carry everything with us, the weight exhausting us until we want to collapse and give up.
We forget things we try to remember. We remember things we'd rather forget. The most frightening thing about memory is that it leaves no choice. It has mastered an incomprehensible art of forgetting. It erases, it smudges, it fills in blank spaces with details that don't exist.
But however we remember it––or choose to remember it––the past is the foundation that holds our lives in place. Without its support, we'd have nothing for guidance. We spend so much time focused on what lies ahead, when what has fallen behind is just as important. What defines us isn't where we're going, but where we've been. Although there are places and people we will never see again, and although we move on and let them go, they remain a part of who we are.
There are things that will never change, things we will carry along with us always. But as we venture into the murky future, we must find our strength by learning to leave things behind.”
― Brigid Gorry-Hines

“The main problem with this great obsession for saving time is very simple: you can't save time. You can only spend it. But you can spend it wisely or foolishly.”
― Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh

“If you imagine the 4,500-bilion-odd years of Earth's history compressed into a normal earthly day, then life begins very early, about 4 A.M., with the rise of the first simple, single-celled organisms, but then advances no further for the next sixteen hours. Not until almost 8:30 in the evening, with the day five-sixths over, has Earth anything to show the universe but a restless skin of microbes. Then, finally, the first sea plants appear, followed twenty minutes later by the first jellyfish and the enigmatic Ediacaran fauna first seen by Reginald Sprigg in Australia. At 9:04 P.M. trilobites swim onto the scene, followed more or less immediately by the shapely creatures of the Burgess Shale. Just before 10 P.M. plants begin to pop up on the land. Soon after, with less than two hours left in the day, the first land creatures follow.

Thanks to ten minutes or so of balmy weather, by 10:24 the Earth is covered in the great carboniferous forests whose residues give us all our coal, and the first winged insects are evident. Dinosaurs plod onto the scene just before 11 P.M. and hold sway for about three-quarters of an hour. At twenty-one minutes to midnight they vanish and the age of mammals begins. Humans emerge one minute and seventeen seconds before midnight. The whole of our recorded history, on this scale, would be no more than a few seconds, a single human lifetime barely an instant. Throughout this greatly speeded-up day continents slide about and bang together at a clip that seems positively reckless. Mountains rise and melt away, ocean basins come and go, ice sheets advance and withdraw. And throughout the whole, about three times every minute, somewhere on the planet there is a flash-bulb pop of light marking the impact of a Manson-sized meteor or one even larger. It's a wonder that anything at all can survive in such a pummeled and unsettled environment. In fact, not many things do for long.”
― Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything

“Time heals all wounds. But not this one. Not yet.”
― Marie Lu, Champion

“A revolution is not a bed of roses. A revolution is a struggle between the future and the past.”
― Fidel Castro

“The best use of life is love. The best expression of love is time. The best time to love is now.”
― Rick Warren

“…the sad part is, that I will probably end up loving you without you for much longer than I loved you when I knew you.
Some people might find that strange.
But the truth of it is that the amount of love you feel for someone and the impact they have on you as a person, is in no way relative to the amount of time you have known them.”
― Ranata Suzuki

“Sometimes the things that are felt the most are expressed between two souls over the distance and over time...where no words abide. And others may speak freely, live with one another freely, express themselves freely– just like everyone else, but then there is you... you have no words for proof of reassurance, no tokens of professed love, but you have something. Something worth keeping.”
― C. JoyBell C., Saint Paul Trois Chateaux: 1948

“Realize deeply that the present moment is all you will ever have.”
― Eckhart Tolle

“But I was young
and didn’t know better
and someone should have told me to capture every second
every kiss & every night
Because now I’m sitting here alone and it’s getting really hard to breath because tears are growing in my throat and they want to break out, but there are people
watching
and I just want to be somewhere silent
somewhere still
But still I don’t want to be alone because I’m scared and lonely
and I don’t understand
Because I was alone my whole life
My whole life
I was so damn lonely and I was content with that
because I liked myself and my own company
and I didn’t need anyone
I thought
But then there was you .. ...

So, someone should have told me that love is for those few brave who can handle the unbearable emptiness,
the unbearable guilt and lack of oneself,
Because I lost myself to someone I love
and I might get myself back one day
but it will take time, it will take time.

This is gonna take some time.

I wish someone would have told me this.
Someone should have told me this.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps

“I wanted to go on sitting there, not talking, not listening to the others, keeping the moment precious for all time, because we were peaceful all of us, we were content and drowsy even as the bee who droned above our heads. In a little while it would be different, there would come tomorrow, and the next day and another year. And we would be changed perhaps, never sitting quite like this again. Some of us would go away, or suffer, or die, the future stretched away in front of us, unknown, unseen, not perhaps what we wanted, not what we planned. This moment was safe though, this could not be touched. Here we sat together, Maxim and I, hand-in-hand, and the past and the future mattered not at all. This was secure, this funny little fragment of time he would never remember, never think about again…For them it was just after lunch, quarter-past-three on a haphazard afternoon, like any hour, like any day. They did not want to hold it close, imprisoned and secure, as I did. They were not afraid.”
― Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca

“Time is the most valuable thing that a man can spend.”
― Diogenes

“August rain: the best of the summer gone, and the new fall not yet born. The odd uneven time.”
― Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath

“I am almost a hundred years old; waiting for the end, and thinking about the beginning.

There are things I need to tell you, but would you listen if I told you how quickly time passes?

I know you are unable to imagine this.

Nevertheless, I can tell you that you will awake someday to find that your life has rushed by at a speed at once impossible and cruel. The most intense moments will seem to have occurred only yesterday and nothing will have erased the pain and pleasure, the impossible intensity of love and its dog-leaping happiness, the bleak blackness of passions unrequited, or unexpressed, or unresolved.”
― Meg Rosoff, What I Was

“People never seemed to notice that, by saving time, they were losing something else. No one cared to admit that life was becoming ever poorer, bleaker and more monotonous. The ones who felt this most keenly were the children, because no one had time for them any more. But time is life itself, and life resides in the human heart. And the more people saved, the less they had.”
― Michael Ende, Momo

“Time present and time past
Are both perhaps present in time future
And time future contained in time past.”
― T.S. Eliot, Four Quartets

“You see the first thing we love is a scene. For love at first sight requires the very sign of its suddenness; and of all things, it is the scene which seems to be seen best for the first time: a curtain parts and what had not yet ever been seen is devoured by the eyes: the scene consecrates the object I am going to love. The context is the constellation of elements, harmoniously arranged that encompass the experience of the amorous subject...

Love at first sight is always spoken in the past tense. The scene is perfectly adapted to this temporal phenomenon: distinct, abrupt, framed, it is already a memory (the nature of a photograph is not to represent but to memorialize)... this scene has all the magnificence of an accident: I cannot get over having had this good fortune: to meet what matches my desire.

The gesture of the amorous embrace seems to fulfill, for a time, the subject's dream of total union with the loved being: The longing for consummation with the other... In this moment, everything is suspended: time, law, prohibition: nothing is exhausted, nothing is wanted: all desires are abolished, for they seem definitively fulfilled... A moment of affirmation; for a certain time, though a finite one, a deranged interval, something has been successful: I have been fulfilled (all my desires abolished by the plenitude of their satisfaction).”
― Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments

“You never know beforehand what people are capable of, you have to wait, give it time, it's time that rules, time is our gambling partner on the other side of the table and it holds all the cards of the deck in its hand, we have to guess the winning cards of life, our lives.”
― José Saramago, Blindness

“And meanwhile time goes about its immemorial work of making everyone look and feel like shit.”
― Martin Amis, London Fields

“Time moves in one direction, memory another. We are that strange species that constructs artifacts intended to counter the natural flow of forgetting.”
― William Gibson, Distrust That Particular Flavor

“Nothing endures but change.”
― Heraclitus

“If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you'll spend your life completely wasting your time. You'll be doing things you don't like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing thing you don't like doing, which is stupid.”
― Alan Watts

“Anyone who isn't embarrassed of who they were last year probably isn't learning enough.”
― Alain de Botton

“Aside from velcro, time is the most mysterious substance in the universe. You can't see it or touch it, yet a plumber can charge you upwards of seventy-five dollars per hour for it, without necessarily fixing anything.”
― Dave Barry

“You become. It takes a long time. That’s why it doesn’t happen often to people who break easily, or have sharp edges, or who have to be carefully kept. Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in your joints and very shabby.
But these things don’t matter at all, because once you are Real you can’t be ugly, except to people who don’t understand.”
― Margery Williams Bianco, The Velveteen Rabbit

“Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.”
― William Shakespeare, The Merry Wives of Windsor

“Time expands, then contracts, all in tune with the stirrings of the heart.”
― Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

“I'll come and make love to you at five o'clock. If I'm late start without me.”
― Tallulah Bankhead

“Time is more precious than gold, more precious than diamonds, more precious than oil or any valuable treasures. It is time that we do not have enough of; it is time that causes the war within our hearts, and so we must spend it wisely.”
― Cecelia Ahern, The Gift

“Everyday is a bank account, and time is our currency. No one is rich, no one is poor, we've got 24 hours each.”
― Christopher Rice

“Nostalgia is a necessary thing, I believe, and a way for all of us to find peace in that which we have accomplished, or even failed to accomplish. At the same time, if nostalgia precipitates actions to return to that fabled, rosy-painted time, particularly in one who believes his life to be a failure, then it is an empty thing, doomed to produce nothing but frustration and an even greater sense of failure.”
― R.A. Salvatore, Streams of Silver

“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most; you should change your priorities over time.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“How much sweeter life would be if it all happened in reverse, if, after decades of disappointments, you finally arrived at an age when you had conceded nothing, when everything was possible.”
― Karen Thompson Walker, The Age of Miracles

“Where your attention goes, your time goes”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Time management is about life management.”
― Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Suspect each moment, for it is a thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings.”
― John Updike, A Month Of Sundays

“Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Another glorious Sierra day in which one seems to be dissolved and absorbed and sent pulsing onward we know not where. Life seems neither long nor short, and we take no more heed to save time or make haste than do the trees and stars. This is true freedom, a good practical sort of immortality.”
― John Muir, My First Summer in the Sierra

“How little we know of what there is to know. I wish that I were going to live a long time instead of going to die today because I have learned much about life in these four days; more, I think than in all other time. I'd like to be an old man to really know. I wonder if you keep on learning or if there is only a certain amount each man can understand. I thought I knew so many things that I know nothing of. I wish there was more time.”
― Ernest Hemingway, For Whom The Bell Tolls

“I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.”
― William Shakespeare, Richard II

“In magic - and in life - there is only the present moment, the now. You can't measure time the way you measure the distance between two points. 'Time' doesn't pass. We human beings have enormous difficulty in focusing on the present; we're always thinking about what we did, about how we could have done it better, about the consequences of our actions, and about why we didn't act as we should have. Or else we think about the future, about what we're going to do tomorrow, what precautions we should take, what dangers await us around the next corner, how to avoid what we don't want and how to get what we have always dreamed of.”
― Paulo Coelho, Aleph

“The lyf so short, the craft so long to lerne.”
― Geoffrey Chaucer, The Parliament of Birds

“It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.”
― Anna Wintour

“The first step to the knowledge of the wonder and mystery of life is the recognition of the monstrous nature of the earthly human realm as well as its glory, the realization that this is just how it is and that it cannot and will not be changed. Those who think they know how the universe could have been had they created it, without pain, without sorrow, without time, without death, are unfit for illumination.”
― Joseph Campbell

“Your hand can seize today, but not tomorrow; and thoughts of your tomorrow are nothing but desire. Don’t waste this breath, if your heart isn’t crazy, since "the rest of your life" won’t last forever.”
― Omar Khayyám, Quatrains - Ballades

“It's paradoxical that the idea of living a long life appeals to everyone, but the idea of getting old doesn't appeal to anyone.”
― Andy Rooney

“Time’s a goon, right? You gonna let that goon push you around?” Scotty shook his head. “The goon won.”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“I do not particularly like the word 'work.' Human beings are the only animals who have to work, and I think that is the most ridiculous thing in the world. Other animals make their livings by living, but people work like crazy, thinking that they have to in order to stay alive. The bigger the job, the greater the challenge, the more wonderful they think it is. It would be good to give up that way of thinking and live an easy, comfortable life with plenty of free time. I think that the way animals live in the tropics, stepping outside in the morning and evening to see if there is something to eat, and taking a long nap in the afternoon, must be a wonderful life. For human beings, a life of such simplicity would be possible if one worked to produce directly his daily necessities. In such a life, work is not work as people generally think of it, but simply doing what needs to be done.”
― Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution

“It's funny, how one can look back on a sorrow one thought one might well die of at the time, and know that one had not yet reckoned the tenth part of true grief.”
― Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart

“I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“I wake up and I see the face of the devil and I ask him, "What time is it?"

And he says,
How much time do you want?”
― Diamanda Galas, The Shit of God

“History isn't the lies of the victors, as I once glibly assured Old Joe Hunt; I know that now. It's more the memories of the survivors, most of whom are neither victorious or defeated.”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“Do not whine... Do not complain. Work harder. Spend more time alone.”
― Joan Didion, Blue Nights

“It's funny. No matter how hard you try, you can't close your heart forever. And the minute you open it up, you never know what's going to come in. But when it does, you just have to go for it! Because if you don't, there's not point in being here.”
― Kirstie Alley

“Time is Galleons, little brother.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix

“The biggest mistake I made is the one that most of us make while doing this. I did not live in the moment enough. This is particularly clear now that the moment is gone, captured only in photographs. There is one picture of the three on them sitting in the grass on a quilt in the shadow of the swing set on a summer day, ages 6, 4, and 1. And I wish I could remember what we ate, and what we talked about, and how they sounded, and how they looked when they slept that night. I wish I had not been in a hurry to get on to the next things: dinner, bath, book, bed. I wish I had treasured the doing a little more and the getting it done a little less.”
― Anna Quindlen, Loud and Clear

“Maybe reading was just a way to make her feel less alone, to keep her company. When you read something you are stopped, the moment is stayed, you can sometimes be there more fully than you can in your real life.”
― Helen Humphreys, Coventry

“In the vastness of space and the immensity of time, it is my joy to share a planet and an epoch with Annie.

[Dedication to Sagan's wife, Ann Druyan, in Cosmos]”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“No people whose word for 'yesterday' is the same as their word for 'tomorrow' can be said to have a firm grip on the time.”
― Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children

“despite knowing
they won’t be here for long
they still choose to live
their brightest lives

- sunflowers”
― Rupi Kaur, The Sun and Her Flowers

“But now isn’t simply now. Now is also a cold reminder: one whole day later than yesterday, one year later than last year. Every now is labeled with its date, rendering all past nows obsolete, until — later of sooner — perhaps — no, not perhaps — quite certainly: it will come.”
― Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man

“We are all migrants through time.”
― Mohsin Hamid, Exit West

“There is no present or future-only the past, happening over and over again-now.”
― Eugene O'Neill, A Moon for the Misbegotten

“Modern man thinks he loses something—time—when he does not do things quickly. Yet he does not know what to do with the time he gains—except kill it.”
― Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving

“Time interval is a strange and contradictory matter in the mind. It would be reasonable to suppose that a routine time or an eventless time would seem interminable. It should be so, but it is not. It is the dull eventless times that have no duration whatever. A time splashed with interest, wounded with tragedy, crevassed with joy - that's the time that seems long in the memory. And this is right when you think about it. Eventlessness has no posts to drape duration on. From nothing to nothing is no time at all.”
― John Steinbeck, East of Eden

“Time and I have quarrelled. All hours are midnight now. I had a clock and a watch, but I destroyed them both. I could not bear the way they mocked me.”
― Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell

“Time goes faster the more hollow it is. Lives with no meaning go straight past you, like trains that don’t stop at your station.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“I'm wishing he could see that music lives. Forever. That it's stronger than death. Stronger than time. And that its strength holds you together when nothing else can.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution

“It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: holding hands, hotel rooms, music, the physics of falling leaves, vanilla and jasmine, poppies, smiling, anthills, the color of the sky, coffee and cashmere, literature, sparks and subway trains... If only one could leave this life slowly!”
― Roman Payne, Hope and Despair

“Thank you for sending me a copy of your book. I'll waste no time reading it.”
― Moses Hadas

“You can't stop time. You can't capture light. You can only turn your face up and let it rain down.”
― Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter

“The years teach much the days never know.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Time doesn’t heal all wounds. We both know that’s bullshit; it comes from people who have nothing comforting or original to say.”
― Adam Silvera, History Is All You Left Me

“Even a broken clock is right twice a day.”
― Stephen Hunt, The Court of the Air

“Any time not spent on love is wasted.”
― Torquato Tasso

“You forget, time doesn't exist anymore. You gave it to me.”
― Gayle Forman, Just One Day

“The memory of everything is very soon overwhelmed in time.”
― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations

“Tell me, he said, "What is this thing about time? Why is it better to be late than early? People are always saying, we must wait, we must wait. what are they waiting for?"

"Well […] I guess people wait in order to make sure of what they feel."

"And when you have waited—-has it made you sure?”
― James Baldwin, Giovanni’s Room

“The worst pain ... isn't the pain you feel at the time, it's the pain you feel later on when there's nothing you can do about it, They say that time heals all wounds, But we never live long enough to test that theory ...”
― José Saramago, The Cave

“When my eyes meet his gaze as we're sitting here staring at each other, time stops. Those eyes are piercing mine, and I can swear at this moment he senses the real me. The one without the attitude, without the facade[...]”
― Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry

“The right time is any time that one is still so lucky as to have.”
― Henry James

“And yet it takes only the smallest pleasure or pain to teach us time’s malleability.”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“They give birth astride of a grave, the light gleams an instant, then it's night once more.”
― Samuel Beckett, Waiting for Godot

“Eternity is said not to be an extension of time but an absence of time, and sometimes it seemed to me that her abandonment touched that strange mathematical point of endlessness, a point with no width, occupying no space.”
― Graham Greene

“Time flows in strange ways on Sundays, and sights become mysteriously distorted.”
― Haruki Murakami, 1Q84

“We know one another. This is the present. There is no past and no future. Here I am washing my hands, and the cracked mirror shows me to myself, suspended as it were, in time; this is me, this moment will not pass.

And then I open the door and go to the dining-room, where he is sitting waiting for me at a table, and I think how in that moment I have aged, and passed on, how I have advanced one step towards an unknown destiny.

We smile, we choose our lunch, we speak of this and that, but - I say to myself-I am not she who left him five minutes ago. She has stayed behind. I am another woman, older, more mature…”
― Daphne du Maurier

“There is a time for work, and a time for love. That leaves no other time.”
― Coco Chanel

“How soon hath Time, the subtle thief of youth,
Stol'n on his wing my three-and-twentieth year!”
― John Milton

“Nox didn’t say a word. He waited, counting the seconds in his mind. Sometimes you counted bullets and sometimes you counted time. Either one could kill you.”
― Dean F. Wilson, Rustkiller

“Time

You were the one
I wanted most
to stay.

But time could not
be kept at bay.

The more it goes,
the more it's gone—
the more it takes away.”
― Lang Leav, Lullabies

“The common man prays, 'I want a cookie right now!' And God responds, 'If you'd listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“i dont love you... like i loved you... yesterday.”
― Gerard Way

“Men live their lives trapped in an eternal present, between the mists of memory and the sea of shadow that is all we know of the days to come.”
― George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons

“You never know when the truth will come home. You can’t choose the time. The time chooses you.”
― Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea

“As wave is driven by wave
And each, pursued, pursues the wave ahead,
So time flies on and follows, flies, and follows,
Always, for ever and new. What was before
Is left behind; what never was is now;
And every passing moment is renewed.”
― Ovid, Metamorphoses

“Okay, this is the wisdom. First, time spent on reconnaissanse is never wasted. Second, almost anything can be improved with the addition of bacon. And finally, there is no problem on Earth that can't be ameliorated by a hot bath and a cup of tea.”
― Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey

“They'll say you are bad
or perhaps you are mad
or at least you
should stay undercover.
Your mind must be bare
if you would dare
to think you can love
more than one lover.”
― David Rovics

“Stop trying to be less of who you are. Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“Time has no dominion over love. Love is the one thing that transcends time. (Bones)”
― Jeaniene Frost, One Foot in the Grave

“Love goes through all times”
― Kerstin Gier

“The frailty of everything revealed at last. Old and troubling issues resolved into nothingness and night. The last instance of a thing takes the class with it. Turns out the light and is gone. Look around you. Ever is a long time. But the boy knew what he knew. That ever is no time at all.”
― Cormac McCarthy, The Road

“There are two days in my calendar: This day and that Day.”
― Martin Luther

“As she’d left, I’d glanced at her gun.
This time, when she’d pointed it at me, she’d flicked the safety on. If that wasn’t true love, I don’t know what was.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Firefight

“It was long since I had longed for anything and the effect on me was horrible.”
― Samuel Beckett

“It seems to me then as if all the moments of our life occupy the same space, as if future events already existed and were only waiting for us to find our way to them at last, just as when we have accepted an invitation we duly arrive in a certain house at a given time.”
― W.G. Sebald, Austerlitz

“This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before.”
― Maya Angelou

“A thousand years ago five minutes were
Equal to forty ounces of fine sand.
Outstare the stars. Infinite foretime and
Infinite aftertime: above your head
They close like giant wings, and you are dead.”
― Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire

“I am not particularly interested in
saving time; I prefer to enjoy it.”
― Eduardo Hughes Galeano

“Time is more complex near the sea than in any other place, for in addition to the circling of the sun and the turning of the seasons, the waves beat out the passage of time on the rocks and the tides rise and fall as a great clepsydra.”
― John Steinbeck, Tortilla Flat

“Time is a storm in which we are all lost.”
― William Carlos Williams

“The finished clock is resplendent. At first glance it is simply a clock, a rather large black clock with a white face and a silver pendulum. Well crafted, obviously, with intricately carved woodwork edges and a perfectly painted face, but just a clock.
But that is before it is wound. Before it begins to tick, the pendulum swinging steadily and evenly. Then, then it becomes something else.
The changes are slow. First, the color changes in the face, shifts from white to grey, and then there are clouds that float across it, disappearing when they reach the opposite side.
Meanwhile, bits of the body of the clock expand and contract, like pieces of a puzzle. As though the clock is falling apart, slowly and gracefully.
All of this takes hours.
The face of the clock becomes a darker grey, and then black, with twinkling stars where numbers had been previously. The body of the clock, which has been methodically turning itself inside out and expanding, is now entirely subtle shades of white and grey. And it is not just pieces, it is figures and objects, perfectly carved flowers and planets and tiny books with actual paper pages that turn. There is a silver dragon that curls around part of the now visible clockwork, a tiny princess in a carved tower who paces in distress, awaiting an absent prince. Teapots that pour into teacups and minuscule curls of steam that rise from them as the seconds tick. Wrapped presents open. Small cats chase small dogs. An entire game of chess is played.
At the center, where a cuckoo bird would live in a more traditional timepiece, is the juggler. Dress in harlequin style with a grey mask, he juggles shiny silver balls that correspond to each hour. As the clock chimes, another ball joins the rest until at midnight he juggles twelve balls in a complex pattern.
After midnight, the clock begins once more to fold in upon itself. The face lightens and the cloud returns. The number of juggled balls decreases until the juggler himself vanishes.
By noon it is a clock again, and no longer a dream.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus

“There's only one day at a time here, then it's tonight and then tomorrow will be today again.”
― Bob Dylan, Chronicles: Volume One

“Time was such an odd thing. One moment you could talk to someone, then suddenly, they were gone.”
― Patricia Briggs, Raven's Strike

“How you spend your time is more important than how you spend your money. Money mistakes can be corrected, but time is gone forever.”
― David Norris

“We ran into lots of old friends. Friends from elementary school, junior high school, high school. Everyone had matured in their own way, and even as we stood face to face with them they seemed like people from dreams, sudden glimpses through the fences of our tangled memories. We smiled and waved, exchanged a few words, and then walked on in our separate directions.”
― Banana Yoshimoto, Goodbye Tsugumi

“Lies 1: There is only the present and nothing to remember.

Lies 2: Time is a straight line.

Lies 3: The difference between the past and the future is that one has happened while the other has not.

Lies 4: We can only be in one place at a time.

Lies 5: Any proposition that contains the word 'finite' (the world, the universe, experience, ourselves...)

Lies 6: Reality as something which can be agreed upon.

Lies 7: Reality is truth.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry

“Ô, Wanderess, Wanderess
When did you feel your
most euphoric kiss?
Was I the source
of your greatest bliss?”
― Roman Payne

“-'What do ties matter, Jeeves, at a time like this?'
There is no time, sir, at which ties do not matter”
― P. G. Wodehouse

“The busiest people I have known in my life always have time enough to do everything. Those who do nothing are always tired and pay no attention to the little amount of work they are required to do. They complain constantly that the day is too short. The truth is, they are afraid to fight the good fight.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage

“There was only present, and it was infinite. The past and the future were just blinders we wore so that infinity wouldn't drive us mad.”
― Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods and Monsters

“He shrugs. "Doesn't help to waste my time thinking about would've-beens."
Laila whispers, "He says to the girl with a mind full of them.”
― Kasie West, Pivot Point

“We almost always can point to that hundredth blow, but we don't always mark the ninety-nine other things that happen before we change.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, All the Crooked Saints

“It's strange how time can make a place shrink, make its strangeness ordinary.”
― Veronica Roth, Allegiant

“If time be judiciously employed, there is time for everything.”
― George Head, A Home Tour Through the Manufacturing Districts of England in the Summer of 1835

“Later on in life, you expect a bit of rest, don't you? You think you deserve it. I did, anyway. But then you begin to understand that the reward of merit is not life's business.”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“By the time you're thirty, your worst enemy is yourself.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Choke

“I'd had nearly four years of experience looking at these clocks, but their sluggishness never ceased to surprise. If I am ever told that I have one day to live, I will head straight to the hallowed halls of Winter Park High School, where a day has been known to last a thousand years.”
― John Green, Paper Towns

“The strangeness of Time. Not in its passing, which can seem infinite, like a tunnel whose end you can't see, whose beginning you've forgotten, but in the sudden realization that something finite, has passed, and is irretrievable.”
― Joyce Carol Oates, Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang

“Lost, yesterday, somewhere between sunrise and sunset, two golden hours, each set with sixty diamond minutes. No reward is offered for they are gone forever.”
― Horace Mann

“Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.”
― Carl Sandburg

“The time that leads to mastery is dependent on the intensity of our focus.”
― Robert Greene, Mastery

“Men have no more time to understand anything. They buy ready-made things in the shops. But since there are no shops where you can buy friends, men no longer have any friends.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

“Clear thinking at the wrong moment can stifle creativity.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Time folds you in its arms and gives you one last kiss, and then it flattens you out and folds you up and tucks you away until it's time for you to become someone else's past time, and then time folds again.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Tent

“Usually time alters and affects everything, but when someone you love dies time cannot change that, no amount of time will ever change that, so time stops having any meaning.”
― Rosamund Lupton, Sister

“how does she know it's the right room?' wondered Descant.
Oh, I don't know; mabye it's the magical red glow coming from the doorway, or perhaps it's the deafening howl of the temporal winds.' said Mervall.
Descant nodded.'You could be right, brother. And don't think I don't know sarcasm when I hear it.”
― Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox

“Sometimes life is a constant battle against the nostalgia of a time that can never be real again.”
― Jason Myers, The Mission

“First a warning, musical; then the hour, irrevocable. The leaden circles dissolved in the air.”
― Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway

“Has it ever struck you that life is all memory, except for the one present moment that goes by you so quick you hardly catch it going?”
― Tennessee Williams, The Milk Train Doesn't Stop Here Anymore

“Deserts possess a particular magic, since they have exhausted their own futures, and are thus free of time. Anything erected there, a city, a pyramid, a motel, stands outside time. It's no coincidence that religious leaders emerge from the desert. Modern shopping malls have much the same function. A future Rimbaud, Van Gogh or Adolf Hitler will emerge from their timeless wastes.”
― J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition

“You have made flowers grow where I cultivated dust and stones. Remember this, on this journey you insist on making. If you die, I will not survive you long.”
― Robert Jordon, Starscape Boxed Set B Mixed

“The degree of slowness is directionally proportional to the intensity of memory. The degree of speed is directionally proportional to the intensity of forgetting.”
― Milan Kundera, Slowness

“The proper, wise balancing of one's whole life may depend upon the feasibility of a cup of tea at an unusual hour.”
― Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day

“There was a beautiful time...”
― Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar

“Today will die tomorrow.”
― Algernon Charles Swinburne

“I don't have time, energy, or interest in hating the haters; I'm too busy loving the lovers.”
― Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience

“If [hand-drawn animation] is a dying craft, we can't do anything about it. Civilization moves on. Where are all the fresco painters now? Where are the landscape artists? What are they doing now? The world is changing. I have been very fortunate to be able to do the same job for 40 years. That's rare in any era.”
― Hayao Miyazaki

“But nothing warps time quite like childhood”
― Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 3

“I sometimes have moments of such despair, such despair … Because in those moments I start to think that I will never be capable of beginning to live a real life; because I have already begun to think that I have lost all sense of proportion, all sense of the real and the actual; because, what is more, I have cursed myself; because my nights of fantasy are followed by hideous moments of sobering! And all the time one hears the human crowd swirling and thundering around one in the whirlwind of life, one hears, one sees how people live—that they live in reality, that for them life is not something forbidden, that their lives are not scattered for the winds like dreams or visions but are forever in the process of renewal, forever young, and that no two moments in them are ever the same; while how dreary and monotonous to the point of being vulgar is timorous fantasy, the slave of shadow, of the idea...”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights

“I remember my childhood names for grasses and secret flowers. I remember where a toad may live and what time the birds awaken in the summer -- and what trees and seasons smelled like -- how people looked and walked and smelled even. The memory of odors is very rich.”
― John Steinbeck, East of Eden

“From all that I saw, and everywhere I wandered, I learned that time cannot be spent. It can only be squandered.”
― Roman Payne

“And it's a disquieting thought that not even the past is done with, even that continues to change, as if in reality there is only one time, for everything, one time for every purpose under heaven. One single second, one single landscape, in which what happens activates and deactivates what has already happened in endless chain reactions, like the processes that take place in the brain, perhaps, where cells suddenly bloom and die away, all according to the way the winds of consciousness are blowing.”
― Karl Ove Knausgård, A Time for Everything

“For after the Battle comes quiet.”
― H.G. Wells, The Time Machine

“Time is the enemy of identity”
― Michael Moorcock

“From space, astronauts can see people making love as a tiny speck of light. Not light, exactly, but a glow that could be confused for light - a coital radiance that takes generations to pour like honey through the darkness to the astronaut's eyes.

In about one and a half centuries - after the lovers who made the glow will have long since been laid permanently on their backs - the metropolitan cities will be seen from space. They will glow all year. Smaller cities will also be seen, but with great difficulty. Towns will be virtually impossible to spot. Individual couples invisible.”
― Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated

“This thing all things devours:
Birds, beasts, trees, flowers;
Gnaws iron, bites steel;
Grinds hard stones to meal;
Slays king, ruins town,
And beats high mountain down.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit, or There and Back Again

“An infinity of passion can be contained in one minute, like a crowd in a small space.”
― Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary

“For the Present is the point at which time touches eternity.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters

“You can find something truly important in an ordinary minute.”
― Mitch Albom, For One More Day

“I can do this… I can start over. I can save my own life and I’m never going to be alone as long as I have stars to wish on and people to still love.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“I didnt pay atteniton to times or distance, instead focusing on how it felt just to be in motion, knowing it wasn't about the finish line but how I got there that mattered.”
― Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever

“We love to buy books because we believe we're buying the time to read them.

[Inside Out (VH1)]”
― Warren Zevon

“At times I feel as if I had lived all this before and that I have already written these very words, but I know it was not I: it was another woman, who kept her notebooks so that one day I could use them. I write, she wrote, that memory is fragile and the space of a single life is brief, passing so quickly that we never get a chance to see the relationship between events; we cannot gauge the consequences of our acts, and we believe in the fiction of past, present, and future, but it may also be true that everything happens simultaneously. ... That's why my Grandmother Clara wrote in her notebooks, in order to see things in their true dimension and to defy her own poor memory.”
― Isabel Allende, The House of the Spirits

“Want to have a short phone call with someone? Call them at 11:55 a.m., right before lunch. They'll talk fast. You may think you are interesting, but you are not more interesting than lunch.”
― Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture

“Now, five years is nothing in a man's life except when he is very young and very old...

- Wang Lung”
― Pearl S. Buck, The Good Earth

“Sometimes when I meet old friends, it reminds me how quickly time passes. And it makes me wonder if we've utilized our time properly or not. Proper utilization of time is so important. While we have this body, and especially this amazing human brain, I think every minute is something precious. Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time. I believe that the proper utilization of time is this: if you can, serve other people, other sentient beings. If not, at least refrain from harming them. I think that is the whole basis of my philosophy.

So, let us reflect what is truly of value in life, what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren't born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others. For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life becomes meaningful and more peaceful—happier.”
― Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness

“But there is something about Time. The sun rises and sets. The stars swing slowly across the sky and fade. Clouds fill with rain and snow, empty themselves, and fill again. The moon is born, and dies, and is reborn. Around millions of clocks swing hour hands, and minute hands, and second hands. Around goes the continual circle of the notes of the scale. Around goes the circle of night and day, the circle of weeks forever revolving, and of months, and of years.”
― Madeleine L'Engle

“You never know ahead of time what something's really going to be like.”
― Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia

“Nothing living should ever be treated with contempt. Whatever it is that lives, a man, a tree, or a bird, should be touched gently, because the time is short. Civilization is another word for respect for life...”
― Elizabeth Goudge, Green Dolphin Street

“Time has a wonderful way to show us what really matters.”
― margaret peters

“Fifty years," I hackneyed, "is a long time."
"Not when you're looking back at them," she said. "You wonder how they vanished so quickly.”
― Isaac Asimov, I, Robot

“Every moment is the paradox of now or never.”
― Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories

“I hadn’t been a nerd, mind you. I’d just been the type of guy who spent a lot of time by himself, focused entirely on a single consuming interest.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Firefight

“If you act like you've only got fifteen minutes, it will take all day. Act like you've got all day, it will take fifteen minutes.”
― Monty Roberts

“Lo esperado no sucede. Es lo inesperado lo que acontece.”
― Ernesto Sábato

“Had we but World enough, and Time,
This coyness Lady were no crime.
We would sit down, and think which way
To walk, and pass our long Loves Day.”
― Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress

“What an unreliable thing is time--when I want it to fly, the hours stick to me like glue. And what a changeable thing, too. Time is the twine to tie our lives into parcels of years and months. Or a rubber band stretched to suit our fancy. Time can be the pretty ribbon in a little girl's hair. Or the lines in your face, stealing your youthful colour and your hair. .... But in the end, time is a noose around the neck, strangling slowly.”
― Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance

“Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic.”
― Dan Rather

“Time and death sleep side by side.”
― Garth Nix, Abhorsen

“Do you want to be with Dave for the rest of your life?” Then he rips off a piece of paper and picks up
the smallest charcoal stick from my set. He writes something. He passes it over to me.
It says:
Time will tell.
“And while you’re waiting,” he says, “don’t settle for anything less than what you really want.”
― Susane Colasanti, When It Happens

“Time and tide wait for no man.”
― Stephen King

“My heart is burning a hole in my chest and every time you speak to me, it keeps sinking, and I'm left with nothing but ashes. I wish she were talking to me, because the more she speaks to me, the more my heart flutters like a rising phoenix.
-Karen Quan and Jarod Kintz”
― Karen Quan, liQUID PROse QUOtes

“Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back. I’m going to help you forgive the things that you won’t let yourself forget.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“But genius, and even great talent, springs less from seeds of intellect and social refinement superior to those of other people than from the faculty of transforming and transposing them. To heat a liquid with an electric lamp requires not the strongest lamp possible, but one of which the current can cease to illuminate, can be diverted so as to give heat instead of light. To mount the skies it is not necessary to have the most powerful of motors, one must have a motor which, instead of continuing to run along the earth's surface, intersecting with a vertical line the horizontal line which it began by following, is capable of converting its speed into lifting power. Similarly, the men who produce works of genius are not those who live in the most delicate atmosphere, whose conversation is the most brilliant or their culture the most extensive, but those who have had the power, ceasing suddenly to live only for themselves, to transform their personality into a sort of mirror, in such a way that their life, however mediocre it may be socially and even, in a sense, intellectually, is reflected by it, genius consisting in reflecting power and not int he intrinsic quality of the scene reflected.”
― Marcel Proust, Within a Budding Grove, Part 2

“Pakistan not only means freedom and independence but the Muslim Ideology which has to be preserved, which has come to us as a precious gift and treasure and which, we hope other will share with us.”
― Muhammad Ali Jinnah

“If someone loves you, they should not be envious of you pouring your heart and soul and time and energy into the things that you are passionate about, but instead....they should love you MORE because you are so involved in those things.”
― Sharon Swan

“I’ll wait for you to find me again. So don’t take too long.”
― Nalini Singh, Archangel's Blade

“It’s how I fill the time when nothing’s happening. Thinking too much, flirting with melancholy.”
― Tim Winton, Breath

“Both described at the same time how it was always March there and always Monday, and then they understood that José Arcadio Buendía was not as crazy as the family said, but that he was the only one who had enough lucidity to sense the truth of the fact that time also stumbled and had accidents and could therefore splinter and leave an eternalized fragment in a room.”
― Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude

“Grimly, she realized that clocks don't make a sound that even remotely resembles ticking, tocking. It was more the sound of a hammer, upside down, hacking methodically at the earth. It was the sound of a grave. ”
― Markus Zusak, The Book Thief

“I'm trying to remember how you tell the time by looking at the sun." -"I should leave it for a while, it's too bright to see the numbers at the moment.”
― Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent

“Happy the man, and happy he alone,
he who can call today his own:
he who, secure within, can say,
Tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.

Be fair or foul, or rain or shine
the joys I have possessed, in spite of fate, are mine.
Not Heaven itself, upon the past has power,
but what has been, has been, and I have had my hour.”
― Horace

“To them, as to Magnus, time was like rain, glittering as it fell, changing the world, but something that could also be taken for granted.
Until you loved a mortal. Then time became gold in a miser's hands, every bright year counted out carefully, infinitely precious, and each one slipping through your fingers.”
― Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles

“We no longer have the luxury of spending our energy on anything that does not lead us and our families to Christ.”
― Sheri L. Dew

“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“But I have learned that you can't just create your own timetable and will it to come true.”
― Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed

“Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.”
― Dion Boucicault

“Never waste any time you can spend sleeping.”
― Frank H. Knight

“We shall never meet, but there is something I want you to know. My time is not the same as your time. Our times are not the same. And do you know what that means? That means that time does not exist. Do you want me to repeat that? There is no time. There is a life and a death. There are people and animals. Our thoughts exist. And the world. The universe, too. But there is no time. You might as well take it easy. Do you feel better now? I feel better. This is going to work out. Have a nice day.”
― Erlend Loe, Naïve. Super

“Writing is not a matter of time, but a matter or of space. If you don't keep space in your head for writing, you won't write even if you have the time.”
― Katerina Stoykova Klemer

“Time deals gently only with those who take it gently.”
― Anatole France, The Crime of Sylvestre Bonnard

“If you keep waiting for the right time, it may never happen. Sometimes you have to make the most of the time you have.”
― Priya Ardis, Ever My Merlin

“And still the brain continues to yearn, continues to burn, foolishly, with desire. My old man's brain is mocked by a body that still longs to stretch in the sun and form a beautiful shape in someone else's gaze, to lie under a blue sky and dream of helpless, selfless love, to behold itself, illuminated, in the golden light of another's eyes.”
― Meg Rosoff, What I Was

“If we accept time for what it is, how it flows and how we flow with it, I doubt very much that would continue wasting loads of it by constantly checking our watches.”
― Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After

“Photographs are just light and time,”
― John Green, Turtles All the Way Down

“A person that does not value your time will not value your advice.”
― Orrin Woodward

“Oh, shimmer down, Hunter. You're too testy. How many times have I've told you that you need to chill out, take a vacay. Disney World is really fun this time of the year. you should check it out.”
― Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsession

“Maybe the only thing that hints at a sense of Time is rhythm; not the recurrent beats of the rhythm but the gap between two such beats, the gray gap between black beats: the Tender Interval.”
― Vladimir Nabokov, Ada, or Ardor: A Family Chronicle

“Man…who lives in three places – in the past, in the present, and in the future – can be unhappy if one of these three is worthless. Religion has even added a fourth – eternity.”
― Georg Christoph Lichtenberg

“Time, as it grows old, teaches all things.”
― Aeschylus, Prometheus Bound

“Man is the result of slow growth; that is why he occupies the position he does in animal life. What does a pup amount to that has gained its growth in a few days or weeks, beside a man who only attains it in as many years.”
― Alexander Graham Bell

“It was a lesson that I would learn in time though it wasn't Hegbert who taught me.”
― Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember

“Each day a day goes by.”
― Carlo Goldoni

“Time is a waste of money.”
― Oscar Wilde, Complete Works of Oscar Wilde

“And at the place where time stands still, one sees lovers kissing in the shadows of buildings, in a frozen embrace that will never let go. The loved one will never take his arms from where they are now, will never give back the bracelet of memories, will never journey afar from his lover, will never place himself in danger of self-sacrifice, will never fail to show his love, will never become jealous, will never fall in love with someone else, will never lose the passion of this instant of time.”
― Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams

“There is always time for another last minute”
― Terry Pratchett, Hogfather

“Every moment has its pleasures and its hope.”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“It's funny, but certain faces seem to go in and out of style. You look at old photographs and everybody has a certain look to them, almost as if they're related. Look at pictures from ten years later and you can see that there's a new kind of face starting to predominate, and that the old faces are fading away and vanishing, never to be seen again.”
― Alan Moore, Watchmen

“It's funny, don't you think, how time seems to do a lot of things? It flies, it tells, and worst of all, it runs out.”
― Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe

“I wasted time, and now doth time waste me;
For now hath time made me his numbering clock:
My thoughts are minutes; and with sighs they jar
Their watches on unto mine eyes, the outward watch,
Whereto my finger, like a dial's point,
Is pointing still, in cleansing them from tears.
Now sir, the sound that tells what hour it is
Are clamorous groans, which strike upon my heart,
Which is the bell: so sighs and tears and groans
Show minutes, times, and hours.”
― william shakespeare, Richard II

“Santa Claus has nothing to do with it," the latke said. "Christmas and Hanukah are completely different things."

"But different things can often blend together," said the pine tree. "Let me tell you a funny story about pagan rituals.”
― Lemony Snicket, The Latke Who Couldn't Stop Screaming: A Christmas Story

“Time heals all wounds.”
― Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis

“I will come back to you, I swear I will;
And you will know me still.
I shall be only a little taller
Than when I went.”
― Edna St. Vincent Millay, The Harp-Weaver and Other Poems

“I wish I’d paid better attention. I didn’t yet think of time as finite. I didn’t fully appreciate the stories she told me until I became adult, and by then I had to make do with snippets pasted together, a film projected on the back of my mind.”
― Jessica Maria Tuccelli, Glow

“In the coming days and weeks, Laila would scramble frantically to commit it all to memory, what happened next. Like an art lover running out of a burning museum, she would grab whatever she could--a look, a whisper, a moan--to salvage from perishing to preserve. But time is the most unforgiving of fires, and she couldn't, in the end, save it all.”
― Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns

“Fashion and music are the same, because music express its period too.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“He was sounding the deeps of his nature, and of the parts of his nature that were deeper than he, going back into the womb of Time.”
― Jack London, The Call of the Wild

“We must use time creatively - and forever realize that the time is always hope to do great things.”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“They have gone. And the tunnel is about to close. So, boys, I am looking for someone to blame.”
― Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox

“Why had he assumed time was some sort of infinite resource? Now the hourglass had busted open, and what he’d always assumed was just a bunch of sand turned out to be a million tiny diamonds.”
― Tommy Wallach, We All Looked Up

“There is no Space or Time
Only intensity,
And tame things
Have no immensity”
― Mina Loy, The Lost Lunar Baedeker: Poems of Mina Loy

“In such seconds of decision entire futures are made.”
― Dan Simmons, Hyperion

“For children, childhood is timeless. It is always the present. Everything is in the present tense. Of course, they have memories. Of course, time shifts a little for them and Christmas comes round in the end. But they don’t feel it. Today is what they feel, and when they say ‘When I grow up,’ there is always an edge of disbelief—how could they ever be other than what they are?”
― Ian McEwan, The Child in Time

“Things worth telling - take time”
― Nicholas Denmon

“She measured time in pages. Half an hour, to her, meant ten pages read, or fourteen, depending on the size of the type, and when you think of time in this way there isn’t time for anything else.”
― Zadie Smith, Swing Time

“I do love the beginning of the summer hols,' said Julian. They always seem to stretch out ahead for ages and ages.'
'They go so nice and slowly at first,' said Anne, his little sister. 'Then they start to gallop.”
― Enid Blyton, Five Go Off in a Caravan

“Time itself is neutral; it can be used either destructively or constructively. More and more I feel that the people of ill will have used time much more effectively than have the people of good will. We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the hateful words and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of the good people. Human progress never rolls in on wheels of inevitability; it comes through the tireless efforts of men willing to work to be co-workers with God, and without this hard work, time itself becomes an ally of the forces of social stagnation. We must use time creatively, in the knowledge that the time is always ripe to do right.”
― Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait

“The future is foretold from the past and the future is only possible because of the past. Without past and future, the present is partial. All time is eternally present and so all time is ours. There is no sense in forgetting and every sense in dreaming. Thus the present is made rich.”
― Jeanette Winterson, The Passion

“You see, this happened a few months ago, but it's still going on right now, and it ought to make us feel ashamed when we talk like we know what we're talking about when we talk about love.”
― Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories

“Believing the lie that time will heal all wounds is just a nice way of saying that time deadens us.”
― Jonathan Nolan, Memento Mori

“Hide nothing, for time, which sees all and hears all, exposes all.”
― Sophocles

“But now we have time. Endless time stretches before us.”
― Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed

“When you stir your rice pudding, Septimus, the spoonful of jam spreads itself round making red trails like the picture of a meteor in my astronomical atlas. But if you stir backwards, the jam will not come together again. Indeed, the pudding does not notice and continues to turn pink just as before. Do you think this is odd?”
― Tom Stoppard, Arcadia

“In this world, there are two times. There is mechanical time and there is body time."
"They do not keep clocks in their houses. Instead, they listen to their heartbeats. They feel the rhythms of their moods and desires."
"Then there are those who think their bodies don't exist. They live by mechanical time. They rise at seven o'clock in the morning. They eat their lunch at noon and their supper at six. They arrive at their appointments on time, precisely by the clock.”
― Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams

“Witness also that when we talk about literature, we do so in the present tense. When we speak of the dead, we are not so kind.”
― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars

“My education was the liberty I had to read indiscriminately and all the time, with my eyes hanging out.”
― Dylan Thomas

“It hadn't been so long ago, yet sometimes she felt that she'd been an altogether different person back then.”
― Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song

“The best teachers have showed me that things have to be done bit by bit. Nothing that means anything happens quickly--we only think it does. The motion of drawing back a bow and sending an arrow straight into a target takes only a split second, but it is a skill many years in the making. So it is with a life, anyone's life. I may list things that might be described as my accomplishments in these few pages, but they are only shadows of the larger truth, fragments separated from the whole cycle of becoming. And if I can tell an old-time story now about a man who is walking about, waudjoset ndatlokugan, a forest lodge man, alesakamigwi udlagwedewugan, it is because I spent many years walking about myself, listening to voices that came not just from the people but from animals and trees and stones.”
― Joseph Bruchac

“Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its students."

[Letter, November 1856]”
― Hector Berlioz

“Time crumbles things; everything grows old under the power of Time and is forgotten through the lapse of Time.”
― Aristotle

“For [erotically intelligent couples], love is a vessel that contains both security and adventure, and commitment offers one of the great luxuries of life: time. Marriage is not the end of romance, it is the beginning. They know that they have years in which to deepen their connection, to experiment, to regress, and even to fail. They see their relationship as something alive and ongoing, not a fait accompli. It’s a story that they are writing together, one with many chapters, and neither partner knows how it will end. There’s always a place they haven’t gone yet, always something about the other still to be discovered.”
― Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic

“Time has taught me not to lose hope, yet not to trust too much in hope either.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón

“It is so many years before one can believe enough in what one feels even to know what the feeling is”
― W.B. Yeats

“About time, what I really learned from studying English is: time is different with timing.
I understand the difference of these two words so well. I understand falling in love with the right person in the wrong timing could be the greatest sadness in a person's entire life.”
― Xiaolu Guo, A Concise Chinese-English Dictionary for Lovers

“People think they own time. They have watches and clocks and digital pulses. But they are wrong. Time owns them. ”
― Caroline B. Cooney, Both Sides of Time

“The part of life we really live is small.' For all the rest of existence is not life, but merely time.”
― Lucius Annaeus Seneca

“Each person who gets stuck in time gets stuck alone.”
― Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams

“Good morning, Hell-A. In the land of the lotus-eaters, time plays tricks on you. One day you’re dreaming, the next, your dream has become your reality. It was the best of times. If only someone had told me. Mistakes were made, hearts were broken, harsh lessons learned. My family goes on without me, while I drown in a sea of pointless pussy. I don’t know how I got here. But here I am, rotting away in the warm California sun. There are things I need to figure out, for her sake, at least. The clock is ticking. The gap is widening. She won’t always love me “no matter what”
― Hank Moody

“Time was the most precious thing in the world to me, and I’d just given her all of it. Because I was falling for her. Because I cared for her. Because I wanted to give her something to remember me by, even if it would eventually fade like its namesake. Time… what an absolute horror-inducing word”
― Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin

“Time is the clarity for seeing right and wrong.”
― Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams

“Yes, now you know. Now you know! That's what it was to be alive. To move about in a cloud of ignorance; to go up and down trampling on the feelings of those...of those about you. To spend and waste time as though you had a million years. To be always at the mercy of one self-centered passion, or another. Now you know — that's the happy existence you wanted to go back to. Ignorance and blindness.”
― Thornton Wilder, Our Town

“To the Virgins, To Make much of Time


Gather ye rose-buds while ye may,
Old Time is still a-flying;
And this same flower that smiles today,
Tomorrow will be dying.

The glorious lamp of heaven, the sun,
The higher he’s a-getting,
The sooner will his race be run,
And nearer he is to setting.

That age is best which is the first,
When youth and blood are warmer;
But being spent, the worse, and worst
Times still succeed the former.

Then be not coy, but use your time,
And while you may, go marry;
For having lost but once your prime,
You may for ever tarry.”
― Robert Herrick

“Writing, the art of communicating thoughts to the mind through the eye, is the great invention of the world...enabling us to converse with the dead, the absent, and the unborn, at all distances of time and space.”
― Abraham Lincoln, Speeches And Letters Of Abraham Lincoln, 1832 1865

“On a long flight, after periods of crisis and many hours of fatigue, mind and body may become disunited until at times they seem completely different elements, as though the body were only a home with which the mind has been associated but by no means bound. Consciousness grows independent of the ordinary senses. You see without assistance from the eyes, over distances beyond the visual horizon. There are moments when existence appears independent even of the mind. The importance of physical desire and immediate surroundings is submerged in the apprehension of universal values.

For unmeasurable periods, I seem divorced from my body, as though I were an awareness spreading out through space, over the earth and into the heavens, unhampered by time or substance, free from the gravitation that binds to heavy human problems of the world. My body requires no attention. It's not hungry. It's neither warm or cold. It's resigned to being left undisturbed. Why have I troubled to bring it here? I might better have left it back at Long Island or St. Louis, while the weightless element that has lived within it flashes through the skies and views the planet. This essential consciousness needs no body for its travels. It needs no plane, no engine, no instruments, only the release from flesh which circumstances I've gone through make possible.

Then what am I – the body substance which I can see with my eyes and feel with my hands? Or am I this realization, this greater understanding which dwells within it, yet expands through the universe outside; a part of all existence, powerless but without need for power; immersed in solitude, yet in contact with all creation? There are moments when the two appear inseparable, and others when they could be cut apart by the merest flash of light.

While my hand is on the stick, my feet on the rudder, and my eyes on the compass, this consciousness, like a winged messenger, goes out to visit the waves below, testing the warmth of water, the speed of wind, the thickness of intervening clouds. It goes north to the glacial coasts of Greenland, over the horizon to the edge of dawn, ahead to Ireland, England, and the continent of Europe, away through space to the moon and stars, always returning, unwillingly, to the mortal duty of seeing that the limbs and muscles have attended their routine while it was gone.”
― Charles A. Lindbergh, The Spirit of St. Louis

“And grief still feels like fear. Perhaps, more strictly, like suspense. Or like waiting; just hanging about waiting for something to happen. It gives life a permanently provisional feeling. It doesn't seem worth starting anything. I can't settle down. I yawn, fidget, I smoke too much. Up till this I always had too little time. Now there is nothing but time. Almost pure time, empty successiveness.”
― C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed

“Why, you are a man of heart!"
"Sometimes," replied Phileas Fogg, quietly. "When I have the time.”
― Jules Verne, Around the World in Eighty Days

“Put up in a place
where it is easy to see
the cryptic admonishment
T.T.T

When you feel how depressingly
slowly you climb
it's well to remember that
Things Take Time.”
― Piet Hein

“Only bad things happen quickly, . . . Virtually all the happiness-producing processes in our lives take time, usually a long time: learning new things, changing old behaviors, building satisfying relationships, raising children. This is why patience and determination are among life’s primary virtues. ”
― Gordon Livingston M.D.

“The secret is,” I say, whispering right into his ear, “that yours was the best kiss I’ve ever had in my life.”
“But I’ve never kissed you,” he whispers back. Around us the rain sounds like falling glass. “Not since third grade, anyway.”
I smile, but I’m not sure if he can see it.
“Better get started, then,” I say, “because I don’t have much time.”
― Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall

“To them, as to Magnus, time was like rain, glittering as it fell, changing the world, but something that could also be taken for granted.”
― Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles

“She had learned, in her life, that time lived inside you. You are time, you breathe time. When she'd been young, she'd had an insatiable hunger for more of it, though she hadn't understood why. Now she held inside her a cacophony of times and lately it drowned out the world. The apple tree was still nice to lie near. They peony, for its scent, also fine. When she walked through the woods (infrequently now) she picked her way along the path, making way for the boy inside to run along before her. It could be hard to choose the time outside over the time within.”
― David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle

“By looking far out into space we are also looking far back into time, back toward the horizon of the universe, back toward the epoch of the Big Bang.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“While you'll feel compelled to charge forward it's often a gentle step back that will reveal to you where you and what you truly seek.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“We are all the fools of time and terror: Days
Steal on us and steal from us; yet we live,
Loathing our life, and dreading still to die.”
― Byron

“The physician must be able to tell the antecedents, know the present, and foretell the future — must mediate these things, and have two special objects in view with regard to disease, namely, to do good or to do no harm.”
― Hippocrates

“There are times when the actual experience of leaving something makes you wish desperately that you could stay, and then there are times when the leaving reminds you a hundred times over why exactly you had to leave in the first place.”
― Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way

“Each time is true, but the truths are not the same.”
― Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams

“Time is not your friend. It doesn't care if you live fast or die slow, if you are or if you aren't. It was here before you arrived and it will go on after you leave. Time doesn't care who wins or who loses, if your life span is full or empty, honorable or shameful. Time is indifferent. It simply doesn't give a shit.”
― Laura Wiess, Leftovers

“Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in. I drink at it; but while I drink I see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is. Its thin current slides away, but eternity remains.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“The Clock on the Morning Lenape Building

Must Clocks be circles?
Time is not a circle.
Suppose the Mother of All Minutes started
right here, on the sidewalk
in front of the Morning Lenape Building, and the parade
of minutes that followed--each of them, say, one inch long--
headed out that way, down Bridge Street.
Where would Now be? This minute?
Out past the moon?
Jupiter?
The nearest star?

Who came up with minutes, anyway?
Who needs them?
Name one good thing a minute's ever done.
They shorten fun and measure misery.
Get rid of them, I say.
Down with minutes!
And while you're at it--take hours
with you too. Don't get me started
on them.

Clocks--that's the problem.
Every clock is a nest of minutes and hours.
Clocks strap us into their shape.
Instead of heading for the nearest star, all we do
is corkscrew.
Clocks lock us into minutes, make Ferris wheel
riders of us all, lug us round and round
from number to number,
dice the time of our lives into tiny bits
until the bits are all we know
and the only question we care to ask is
"What time is it?"

As if minutes could tell.
As if Arnold could look up at this clock on
the Lenape Building and read:
15 Minutes till Found.
As if Charlie's time is not forever stuck
on Half Past Grace.
As if a swarm of stinging minutes waits for Betty Lou
to step outside.
As if love does not tell all the time the Huffelmeyers
need to know.”
― Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl

“She was never going to seek gainful employment again, that was for certain. She'd remain outside the public sector. She'd be an anarchist, she'd travel with jaguars. She was going to train herself to be totally irrational. She'd fall in love with a totally inappropriate person. She'd really work on it, but abandon would be involved as well. She'd have different names, a.k.a. Snake, a.k.a. Snow - no that was juvenile. She wanted to be extraordinary, to possess a savage glitter.”
― Joy Williams

“Just 'cause there's snow on the roof doesn't mean there's not a fire inside.”
― Bonnie Hunt

“I don't need time, I need a deadline.”
― Duke Ellington

“Because time is a drop in the ocean, and you cannot measure off one drop against another to see which one is bigger, which one is smaller.”
― Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul

“Time has no meaning in itself unless we choose to give it significance”
― Leo Buscaglia

“I hate time. It never does what you want it to.”
― Nick Hornby, Slam

“For every book you buy, you should buy the time to read it.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Well we've left behind the 200X's, and we move onto the 20XX's. Maybe that will finally make us feel like we're living in the future, rather than a media controlled slave state where an iPhone is worth substantially more than a human life. Happy new year.”
― Yahtzee Croshaw

“Time was a funny and fickle thing. Sometimes there was never enough of it, and other times it stretched out endlessly.”
― J. Lynn, Be with Me

“Even a moment's reflection will help you see that the problem of using your time well is not a problem of the mind but of the heart. It will only yield to a change in the very way we feel about time. The value of time must change for us. And then the way we think about it will change, naturally and wisely.
That change in feeling and in thinking is combined in the words of a prophet of God in this dispensation. It was Brigham Young, and the year was 1877, and he was speaking at April general conference. He wasn't talking about time or schedules or frustrations with too many demands upon us. Rather, he was trying to teach the members of the Church how to unite themselves in what was called the united order. The Saints were grappling with the question of how property should be distributed if they were to live the celestial law. In his usual direct style, he taught the people that they were having trouble finding solutions because they misunderstood the problem. Particularly, he told them they didn't understand either property or the distribution of wealth. Here is what he said:

With regard to our property, as I have told you many times, the property which we inherit from our Heavenly Father is our time, and the power to choose in the disposition of the same. This is the real capital that is bequeathed unto us by our Heavenly Father; all the rest is what he may be pleased to add unto us. To direct, to counsel and to advise in the disposition of our time, pertains to our calling as God's servants, according to the wisdom which he has given and will continue to give unto us as we seek it. [JD 18:354]

Time is the property we inherit from God, along with the power to choose what we will do with it. President Young calls the gift of life, which is time and the power to dispose of it, so great an inheritance that we should feel it is our capital. The early Yankee families in America taught their children and grandchildren some rules about an inheritance. They were always to invest the capital they inherited and live only on part of the earnings. One rule was "Never spend your capital." And those families had confidence the rule would be followed because of an attitude of responsibility toward those who would follow in later generations. It didn't always work, but the hope was that inherited wealth would be felt a trust so important that no descendent would put pleasure ahead of obligation to those who would follow. Now, I can see and hear Brigham Young, who was as flinty a New Englander as the Adams or the Cabots ever hoped to be, as if he were leaning over this pulpit tonight. He would say something like this, with a directness and power I wish I could approach: "Your inheritance is time. It is capital far more precious than any lands or stocks or houses you will ever get. Spend it foolishly, and you will bankrupt yourself and cheapen the inheritance of those that follow you. Invest it wisely, and you will bless generations to come.
“A Child of Promise”, BYU Speeches, 4 May 1986”
― Henry B. Eyring

“He knew now that it was his own will to happiness which must make the next move. But if he was to do so, he realized that he must come to terms with time, that to have time was at once the most magnificent and the most dangerous of experiments. Idleness is fatal only to the mediocre.”
― Albert Camus, A Happy Death

“Magnus deeply disliked people who were early to business meetings. It was just as bad as being late, since it put everyone out, and even worse, people who were early always acted terribly superior about their bad timekeeping skills. They acted as though it were morally more righteous to get up early than to stay up late, even if you got the same amount of work done in the exact same amount of time. Magnus found it to be one of the great injustices of life.”
― cassandra clare, What to Buy the Shadowhunter Who Has Everything

“I fancied my luck to be witnessing yet another full moon. True, I’d seen hundreds of full moons in my life, but they were not limitless. When one starts thinking of the full moon as a common sight that will come again to one’s eyes ad-infinitum, the value of life is diminished and life goes by uncherished. ‘This may be my last moon,’ I sighed, feeling a sudden sweep of sorrow; and went back to reading more of The Odyssey.”
― Roman Payne

“I am what time, circumstance, history, have made of me, certainly, but I am, also, much more than that. So are we all.”
― James Baldwin, Notes of a Native Son

“Times change, as do our wills, What we are - is ever changing; All the world is made of change, And forever attaining new qualities.”
― Luís Vaz de Camões, Sonetos de Camões

“If we take the time to unravel the surreptitious fragments from the past that are veiled in the muddle and jumble of our memory, we may single out the essentials for the present that might be best shots for the future. (Never looking back again", )”
― Erik Pevernagie

“Time is the longest distance between two places.”
― Tamara Ireland Stone, Time Between Us

“The real dawah to Islam is the character of a Muslim.”
― Nouman Ali Khan

“Is time the wheel that turns, or the track it leaves behind?”
― Robin Hobb, Fool's Errand

“Give time time.”
― Paulo Coelho, Brida

“Let every man be master of his time.”
― William Shakespeare, Macbeth

“They had parted as boys, and now life presented one of them with a fugitive and the other with a dying man. Both wondered whether this was due to the cards they'd been dealt or to the way they had played them.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind

“Which of us is not saying to himself--which of us has not been saying to himself all his life: "I shall alter that when I have a little more time"? We never shall have any more time. We have, and we have always had, all the time there is.”
― Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day

“David Foster Wallace: Because I'd like to be the sort of person who can enjoy things at the time instead of having to go back in my head and enjoy them then.”
― David Lipsky, Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself: A Road Trip with David Foster Wallace

“The advantage of living is not measured by length, but by use; some men have lived long, and lived little; attend to it while you are in it. It lies in your will, not in the number of years, for you to have lived enough.”
― Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays

“Youthfulness is about how you live not when you were born.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Time felt slower when we do nothing but wait.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“I have never killed anybody, it is true, but it is because I lacked the courage or the time, not because I lacked the desire”
― Eduardo Hughes Galeano

“Your past is a skeleton walking one step behind you, and your future is a a skeleton walking one step in front of you. Maybe you don't wear a watch, but your skeletons do, and they always know what time it is.”
― Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven

“I lied and said I was busy.
I was busy;
but not in a way most people understand.

I was busy taking deeper breaths.
I was busy silencing irrational thoughts.
I was busy calming a racing heart.
I was busy telling myself I am okay.

Sometimes, this is my busy -
and I will not apologize for it.”
― Brittin Oakman

“Time really is one big continuous cloth, no? We habitually cut out pieces of time to fit us, so we tend to fool ourselves into thinking that time is our size, but it really goes on and on.”
― Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase

“University's like this little world, a bubble of time separate from everything before and everything after.”
― Mhairi McFarlane, You Had Me At Hello

“But why do only unimportant things?" asked Milo, who suddenly remembered how much time he spent each day doing them.

"Think of all the trouble it saves," the man explained, and his face looked as if he'd be grinning an evil grin--if he could grin at all. "If you only do the easy and useless jobs, you'll never have to worry about the important ones which are so difficult. You just won't have the time. For there's always something to do to keep you from what you really should be doing, and if it weren't for that dreadful magic staff, you'd never know how much time you were wasting.”
― Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth

“Love is a vessel that contains both security and adventure, and commitment offers one of the great luxuries of life: time. Marriage is not the end of romance, it is the beginning.”
― Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic

“Satire is tragedy plus time. You give it enough time, the public, the reviewers will allow you to satirize it. Which is rather ridiculous, when you think about it.”
― Lenny Bruce, The Essential Lenny Bruce: his original unexpurgated satirical routines

“Hope,... which whispered from Pandora's box after all the other plagues and sorrows had escaped, is the best and last of all things. Without it, there is only time. And time pushes at our backs like a centrifuge, forcing outward and away, until it nudges us into oblivion... It's a law of motion, a fact of physics..., no different from the stages of white dwarves and red giants. Like all things in the universe, we are destined from birth to diverge. Time is simply the yardstick of our separation. If we are particles in a sea of distance, exploded from an original whole, then there is a science to our solitude. We are lonely in proportion to our years.”
― Ian Caldwell, The Rule of Four

“Time was like that, though - racing forward when she wanted it to slow down, then crawling to a stop when she could least bear it.”
― Aprilynne Pike, Illusions

“We ought to regard the present state of the universe as the effect of its antecedent state and as the cause of the state that is to follow. An intelligence knowing all the forces acting in nature at a given instant, as well as the momentary positions of all things in the universe, would be able to comprehend in one single formula the motions of the largest bodies as well as the lightest atoms in the world, provided that its intellect were sufficiently powerful to subject all data to analysis; to it nothing would be uncertain, the future as well as the past would be present to its eyes. The perfection that the human mind has been able to give to astronomy affords but a feeble outline of such an intelligence.”
― Pierre Simon de Laplace

“There was a filmy veil of soft dull mist obscuring, but not hiding, all objects, giving them a lilac hue, for the sun had not yet fully set; a robin was singing ... The leaves were more gorgeous than ever; the first touch of frost would lay them all low to the ground. Already one or two kept constantly floating down, amber and golden in the low slanting sun-rays.”
― Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South

“A life is not a waste of time”
― Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood

“The car was on the FDR drive now and, turning her head, she glanced out at the bleak brown buildings of the projects that stretched for blocks along the drive. Something inside her sank at the sight of all that sameness, and she suddenly felt defeated.
She shifted uncomfortably in her seat. In the past year, she'd started experiencing these moments of desperate emptiness, as if nothing really mattered, nothing was ever going to change, there was nothing new; and she could see her life stretching before her--one endless long day after the next, in which every day was essentially the same. Meanwhile, time was marching on, and all that was happening to her was that she was getting older and smaller, and one day she would be no bigger than a dot, and then she would simply disappear. Poof! Like a small leaf burned up under a magnifying glass in the sun. These feelings were shocking to her, because she'd never experienced world-weariness before. She'd never had time. All her life, she'd been striving and striving to become this thing that was herself--the entity that was Nico O'Neilly. And then, one morning, time had caught up with her and she had woken up and realized that she was there. She had arrived at her destination, and she had everything she'd worked so hard for: a stunning career, a loving (well, sort of) husband, whom she respected, and a beautiful eleven-year-old daughter whom she adored.
She should have been thrilled. But instead, she felt tired. Like all those things belonged to someone else.”
― Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle

“For while directly we say that it [the length of human life] is ages long, we are reminded that it is briefer than the fall of a rose leaf to the ground.”
― Virginia Woolf, Orlando

“Some memories never heal. Rather than fading with the passage of time, those memories become the only things that are left behind when all else is abraded. The world darkens, like electric bulbs going out one by one. I am aware that I am not a safe person.”
― Han Kang, Human Acts

“As time goes by, as time goes by, the whip-crack of the years, the precipice of illusions, the ravine that swallows up all human endeavour except the struggle to survive.”
― Roberto Bolaño, By Night in Chile

“Since time is the one immaterial object which we cannot influence—neither speed up nor slow down, add to nor diminish—it is an imponderably valuable gift.”
― Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now

“It's hard to believe. Where does the times go?' Betty sighs. 'I've always hated that phrase. It makes it would like time went on a holiday, and is expected back any day now. Time flies is another one I hate. Apparently, time does quite a bit of traveling, though.”
― Gabrielle Zevin, Elsewhere

“As our life is our main provisional value, ‘taking the time’ to interpret our experiences is a momentous choice. Time, life and choice outline a trilogy that can solve and unite so as to vanquish the powerlessness which we might face on our path. (Could time be patient?)”
― Erik Pevernagie

“…everyone needs a somewhere, a place he can go. There comes a time, you see, inevitably there comes a time you have to have a somewhere you can go!”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment

“Our life is made up of time; our days are measured in hours, our pay measured by those hours, our knowledge is measured by years. We grab a few quick minutes in our busy day to have a coffee break. We rush back to our desks, we watch the clock, we live by appointments. And yet your time eventually runs out and you wonder in your heart of hearts if those seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, years and decades were being spent the best way they possibly could. In other words, if you could change anything, would you?”
― Cecilia Ahern

“Time keeps on... slippin'... slippin'... slippin' into the future.”
― J.R. Ward, Covet

“I am, a stride at a time. A very short space of time through very short time of space.”
― James Joyce, Ulysses

“In a certain sense the past is far more real, or at any rate more stable, more resilient than the present. The present slips and vanishes like sand between the fingers, acquiring material weight, only in its recollection.”
― Andrei Tarkovsky

“Love is not love
Which alters when alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove:
Oh, no, it is an ever-fixèd mark,
that looks on tempests and is never shaken.”
― William Shakespeare, The Complete Sonnets and Poems

“[T]hen all collapsed, and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago.”
― Herman Melville, Moby-Dick; or, the Whale

“Seize the time... Live now! Make now always the most precious time. Now will never come again.”
― Jean-Luc Picard

“It’s all fine to say, “Time will heal everything, this too shall pass away. People will forget”—and things like that when you are not involved, but when you are there is no passage of time, people do not forget and you are in the middle of something that does not change.”
― John Steinbeck, Cannery Row

“The sun burnt every day. It burnt time.”
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“...unfortunately, it's true: time does heal. It will do so whether you like it or not, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. If you're not careful, time will take away everything that ever hurt you, everything you have ever lost, and replace it with knowledge. Time is a machine: it will convert your pain into experience. Raw data will be compiled, will be translated into a more comprehensible language. The individual events of your life will be transmuted into another substance called memory and in the mechanism something will be lost and you will never be able to reverse it, you will never again have the original moment back in its uncategorized, preprocessed state. It will force you to move on and you will not have a choice in the matter.”
― Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe

“In this moment, there is plenty of time. In this moment, you are precisely as you should be. In this moment, there is infinite possibility. (17)”
― Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit

“How quick and rushing life can sometimes seem, when at the same time it's so slow and sweet and everlasting.”
― Graham Swift, Tomorrow

“If I could, I would stop the passage of time. But hour follows on hour, minute on minute, each second robbing me of a morsel of myself for the nothing of tomorrow. I shall never experience this moment again.”
― Guy de Maupassant

“No need to feel guilty if you can't be a good man all the time.
But anytime your heart is feeling so eager to do even a small good deed,
then it might be a good chance for you…
to be a better man.”
― Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident], Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“Time was something that largely happened to other people; he viewed it in the same way that people on the shore viewed the sea. It was big and it was out there, and sometimes it was an invigorating thing to dip a toe into, but you couldn't live in it all the time. Besides, it always made his skin wrinkle.”
― Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time

“When time is reduced to linear progress, it is emptied of presence.”
― John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom

“There are so many kinds of time. The time by which we measure our lives. Months and years. Or the big time, the time that raises mountains and makes stars. Or all the things that happen between one heartbeat and the next. Its hard to live in all those kinds of times. Easy to forget that you live in all of them.”
― Robert Charles Wilson, Spin

“Justice is the only worship.
Love is the only priest.
Ignorance is the only slavery.
Happiness is the only good.
The time to be happy is now,
The place to be happy is here,
The way to be happy is to make others so.
Wisdom is the science of happiness.”
― Robert Green Ingersoll

“Nobody works better under pressure. They just work faster.”
― Brian Tracy

“How much more of the mosque, of prayer and fasting?
Better go drunk and begging round the taverns.
Khayyam, drink wine, for soon this clay of yours
Will make a cup, bowl, one day a jar.

When once you hear the roses are in bloom,
Then is the time, my love, to pour the wine;
Houris and palaces and Heaven and Hell-
These are but fairy-tales, forget them all.”
― Omar Khayyám

“The important thing is that man is lost in time, in the moment that immediately precedes him - which only attests, by reflection, to the fact that he is lost in the moment that follows”
― Andre Breton

“It's not that we have little time, but more that we waste a good deal of it.”
― Seneca

“I object to being told that I am saving daylight when my reason tells me that I am doing nothing of the kind... At the back of the Daylight Saving scheme, I detect the bony, blue-fingered hand of Puritanism, eager to push people into bed earlier, and get them up earlier, to make them healthy, wealthy, and wise in spite of themselves.”
― Robertson Davies, The Papers of Samuel Marchbanks

“Her hands crept around his neck, tangling in his hair to keep him closer, even though she knew that beautiful boys with expiration dates couldn't be held, only borrowed for a time.”
― Martina Boone

“I care not that this moment’s lot was thin and sparsely dealt; all pleasures sweet can be forgot the instant they are felt.”
― Roman Payne

“I'm not ashamed of heroic ambitions. If man and woman can only dance upon this earth for a few countable turns of the sun... let each of us be an Artemis, Odysseus, or Zeus... Aphrodite to the extent of the will of each one.”
― Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy

“Déjà vu is more than just that fleeting moment of surprise, instantly forgotten because we never bother with things that make no sense. It show that time doesn't pass. It's a leap into something we have already experienced and that is being repeated.”
― Paulo Coelho, Aleph

“…. Query: How contrive not to waste one's time?
Answer: By being fully aware of it all the while.
Ways in which this can be done: By spending one's days on an uneasy chair in a dentist's waiting-room; by remaining on one's balcony all of a Sunday afternoon; by listening to lectures in a language on doesn't know; by traveling by the longest and least-convenient train routes, and of course standing all the way; by lining up at the box-office of theaters and then not buying a seat; and so forth.”
― Albert Camus

“Money is not the only commodity that is fun to give. We can give time, we can give our expertise, we can give our love or simply give a smile. What does that cost? The point is, none of us can ever run out of something worthwhile to give.”
― Steve Goodier

“It is too late."

The old man shook his head. "It is never too late or too soon. It is when it is supposed to be."

He smiled. "There is a plan, Dor.”
― Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper

“Josh had told me a long time ago that he had this theory that an entire relationship was based on what occurred over the course of the first five minutes you know each other. That everything that came after those first minutes was just details being filled in. Meaning: you already knew how deep the love was, how instinctually you felt about someone.

What happened in their first five minutes?

Time stopped.”
― Laura Dave, London is the Best City in America

“Time plays tricks between here and home," said Mogget sepulchrally, frightening the life out of the telephone operator.”
― Garth Nix, Abhorsen

“My point is: maybe you can afford to wait. Maybe for you there's a tomorrow. Maybe for you there's one thousand tomorrows, or three thousand, or ten, so much time you can bathe in it, roll around it, let it slide like coins through your fingers. So much time you can waste it.

But for some of us there's only today. And the truth is, you never really know.”
― Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall

“Because neither she nor Port had ever lived a life of any kind of regularity, they had both made the fatal error of coming hazily to regard time as non-existent. One year was like another year. Eventually everything would happen.”
― Paul Bowles, The Sheltering Sky

“Un, kad es paskatos uz rietiem, kāds roku man uz pleca liek : " Mums šajā dzīvē visa pietiek, mums tikai laika nepietiek.”
― Imants Ziedonis

“For disappearing acts, it's hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work.”
― Doug Larsen

“Adventure works in any strand—it calls to those who care more for living than for their lives.”
― Amal El-Mohtar, This Is How You Lose the Time War

“Not too long ago thousands spent their lives as recluses to find spiritual vision in the solitude of nature. Modern man need not become a hermit to achieve this goal, for it is neither ecstasy nor world-estranged mysticism his era demands, but a balance between quantitative and qualitative reality. Modern man, with his reduced capacity for intuitive perception, is unlikely to benefit from the contemplative life of a hermit in the wilderness. But what he can do is to give undivided attention, at times, to a natural phenomenon, observing it in detail, and recalling all the scientific facts about it he may remember. Gradually, however, he must silence his thoughts and, for moments at least, forget all his personal cares and desires, until nothing remains in his soul but awe for the miracle before him. Such efforts are like journeys beyond the boundaries of narrow self-love and, although the process of intuitive awakening is laborious and slow, its rewards are noticeable from the very first. If pursued through the course of years, something will begin to stir in the human soul, a sense of kinship with the forces of life consciousness which rule the world of plants and animals, and with the powers which determine the laws of matter. While analytical intellect may well be called the most precious fruit of the Modern Age, it must not be allowed to rule supreme in matters of cognition. If science is to bring happiness and real progress to the world, it needs the warmth of man's heart just as much as the cold inquisitiveness of his brain.”
― Franz Winkler

“I am now 33 years old, and it feels like much time has passed and is passing faster and faster every day. Day to day I have to make all sorts of choices about what is good and important and fun, and then I have to live with the forfeiture of all the other options those choices foreclose. And I'm starting to see how as time gains momentum my choices will narrow and their foreclosures multiply exponentially until I arrive at some point on some branch of all life's sumptuous branching complexity at which I am finally locked in and stuck on one path and time speeds me through stages of stasis and atrophy and decay until I go down for the third time, all struggle for naught, drowned by time. It is dreadful. But since it's my own choices that'll lock me in, it seems unavoidable--if I want to be any kind of grownup, I have to make choices and regret foreclosures and try to live with them.”
― David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again: Essays and Arguments

“You could lose the ones you loved in the blink of an eye—and he was willing to bet, when it happened, you weren’t thinking about all the reasons that could have kept you apart. You thought of all the reasons that kept you together.

And, no doubt, how you wished you’d had more time. Even if you’d had centuries…

When you were young, you thought time was a burden, something to be discharged as fast as possible so you could be grown-up. But it was such a bait-n-switch—when you were an adult, you came to realize that minutes and hours were the single most precious thing you had.

No one got forever. And it was a fucking crime to waste what you were given.”
― J.R. Ward, Lover Reborn

“I sound contemptuous, but I am not. I am interested--intrigued even--by the way time erases real lives, leaving only vague imprints. Blood and spirit fade away so that only names and dates remain.”
― Kate Morton, The House at Riverton

“Understanding is not absolutely final.
What's now right could be wrong later.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life.”
― Robin S. Sharma

“For this too I learned, that a storyteller's tale may end, but history goes on always. These events, so distant in legend, play a part in shaping the very events we witness about us, each and every day.”
― Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart

“It seemed my whole
life was composed of these disjointed
fractions of time, hanging around in one
public place and then another, as if I were
waiting for trains that never came. And, like
one of those ghosts who are said to linger
around depots late at night, asking
passersby for the timetable of the Midnight
Express that derailed twenty years before, I
wandered from light to light until that
dreaded hour when all the doors closed and,
stepping from the world of warmth and
people and conversation overheard, I felt
the old familiar cold twist through my bones
again and then it was all forgotten, the
warmth, the lights; I had never been warm
in my life, ever.”
― Donna Tartt, The Secret History

“Time talks behind our back. To our face it's friendly and logical, never hesitating to give more of itself. But when we're not looking, it steals our lives and says bad things about us to the parts of us it's stolen”
― Jonathan Carroll, A Child Across the Sky

“The most precious thing I have to give is my time.”
― Silvia Hartmann

“Each of us is aware he's a material being, subject to the laws of physiology and physics, and that the strength of all our emotions combined cannot counteract those laws. It can only hate them. The eternal belief of lovers and poets in the power of love which is more enduring that death, the finis vitae sed non amoris that has pursued us through the centuries is a lie. But this lie is not ridiculous, it's simply futile. To be a clock on the other hand, measuring the passage of time, one that is smashed and rebuilt over and again, one in whose mechanism despair and love are set in motion by the watchmaker along with the first movements of the cogs. To know one is a repeater of suffering felt ever more deeply as it becomes increasingly comical through a multiple repetitions. To replay human existence - fine. But to replay it in the way a drunk replays a corny tune pushing coins over and over into the jukebox?”
― Stanisław Lem, Solaris

“Travellers understand, instinctively and by experience, that travel and adventure change and elongate time, even while navigating the deadlines of airline and train departures.”
― Paul Sheehan

“Trust is not a gasoline-soaked blanket that succumbs to the matches of betrayal, never able to be used for its warmth again; it’s a tapestry that wears thin in places, but can be patched over if you have the right materials, circumstances, and patience to repair it. If you don’t, you’re always the one who feels the coldest when winter comes.”
― A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar

“Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.”
― Michael LeBoeuf

“Who do you spend time with? Criticizers or encouragers? Surround yourself with those who believe in you. Your life is too important for anything less.”
― Steve Goodier

“You can’t live your life thinking death is going to come all the time. You have to live life and if it comes, then we can only hope we were able to do all the things we wanted. He has to want to do something. Everyone does.”
― Shelena Shorts

“Art is long, and Time is fleeting.”
― Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Voices of the Night

“There are no telegraphs on Tralfamadore. But you're right: each clump of symbols is a brief, urgent message-- describing a situation, a scene. We Tralfamadorians read them all at once, not one after the other. There isn't any particular relationship between all the messages, except that the author has chosen them carefully, so that, when seen all at once, they produce an image of life that is beautiful and surprising and deep. There is no beginning, no middle, no end, no suspense, no moral, no causes, no effects. What we love in our books are the depths of many marvelous moments seen all at one time.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five

“There’s been time this whole time. You can’t kill time with your heart. Everything takes time.”
― David Foster Wallace, Brief Interviews with Hideous Men

“My best day ever. Got up. Had breakfast. Came to school. Bored, as usual. Wishing I wasn't there, like usual. Kids ignoring me, suits me fine. Sitting with the other retards—we’re so special. Wasting my time. Yesterday was the same, and it's gone, anyway. Tomorrow may never come. There is only today. This is the best day and the worst day. Actually it's crap.”
― Rachel Ward, Numbers

“The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions that we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it; and habit fills up what remains.”
― Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower

“Time did not compose her.”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“She has that quality, does the Hudson, as I imagine all great rivers do: the deep, abiding sense that those activities what take place on shore among human beings are of the moment, passing, and aren't the stories by way of which the greater tale of this planet will, in the end, be told.”
― Caleb Carr, The Angel of Darkness

“One of the great disadvantages of hurry is that it takes such a long time.”
― G.K. Chesterton, All Things Considered

“But thoughts the slave of life, and life, Time’s fool,
And Time, that takes survey of all the world,
Must have a stop.”
― William Shakespeare, King Henry IV, Part 1

“It is unworthy of excellent men to lose hours like slaves in the labour of calculation which could safely be relegated to anyone else if machines were used.

(Describing, in 1685, the value to astronomers of the hand-cranked calculating machine he had invented in 1673.)”
― Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz

“They say that “time assuages,”—
Time never did assuage;
An actual suffering strengthens,
As sinews do, with age.
Time is a test of trouble,
But not a remedy.
If such it prove, it prove too
There was no malady.”
― Emily Dickinson, The Collected Poems of Emily Dickinson

“Person A understand Person B because the time is right for that to happen, not because Person B wants to be understood by Person A.”
― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood

“When you start something, make sure that you're willing to take the time to finish it right because, honey, the work you put into it will be more than worth it in the end. The best things always are.”
― C.M. Stunich, Losing Me, Finding You

“The summer stretched out the daylight as if on a rack. Each moment was drawn out until its anatomy collapsed. Time broke down. The day progressed in an endless sequence of dead moments.”
― China Miéville, Perdido Street Station

“When you kill time, remember that it has no resurrection.”
― A.W. Tozer

“There is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and it will be lost.”
― Martha Graham

“I've changed my ways a little, I cannot now
Run with you in the evenings along the shore,
Except in a kind of dream, and you, if you dream a moment,
You see me there.”
― Robinson Jeffers

“ It is a peculiarity of knitters that they chronically underestimate the amount of time it takes to knit something. Birthday on Saturday? No problem. Socks are small. Never mind that the average sock knit out of sock-weight yarn contains about 17,000 stitches. Never mind that you need two of them. (That's 34,000 stitches, for anybody keeping track.)
Socks are only physically small. By stitch count, they are immense.”
― Stephanie Pearl-McPhee, At Knit's End: Meditations for Women Who Knit Too Much

“there's time for laughing and there's time for crying—
for hoping for despair for peace for longing
—a time for growing and a time for dying:
a night for silence and a day for singing

but more than all(as all your more than eyes
tell me)there is a time for timelessness”
― e. e. cummings

“Wonder is the heaviest element on the periodic table. Even a tiny fleck of it stops time.”
― Diane Ackerman

“كيف أعود .. و المكان محاصر بالزمان القديم ؟”
― هديل الحضيف, ظلالهم لا تتبعهم

“To His Coy Mistress

Had we but world enough and time,
This coyness, lady, were no crime.
We would sit down, and think which way
To walk, and pass our long love’s day.
Thou by the Indian Ganges’ side
Shouldst rubies find; I by the tide
Of Humber would complain. I would
Love you ten years before the flood,
And you should, if you please, refuse
Till the conversion of the Jews.
My vegetable love should grow
Vaster than empires and more slow;
An hundred years should go to praise
Thine eyes, and on thy forehead gaze;
Two hundred to adore each breast,
But thirty thousand to the rest;
An age at least to every part,
And the last age should show your heart.
For, lady, you deserve this state,
Nor would I love at lower rate.

But at my back I always hear
Time’s wingèd chariot hurrying near;
And yonder all before us lie
Deserts of vast eternity.
Thy beauty shall no more be found;
Nor, in thy marble vault, shall sound
My echoing song; then worms shall try
That long-preserved virginity,
And your quaint honour turn to dust,
And into ashes all my lust;
The grave’s a fine and private place,
But none, I think, do there embrace.

Now therefore, while the youthful hue
Sits on thy skin like morning dew,
And while thy willing soul transpires
At every pore with instant fires,
Now let us sport us while we may,
And now, like amorous birds of prey,
Rather at once our time devour
Than languish in his slow-chapped power.
Let us roll all our strength and all
Our sweetness up into one ball,
And tear our pleasures with rough strife
Thorough the iron gates of life:
Thus, though we cannot make our sun
Stand still, yet we will make him run.”
― Andrew Marvell, The Complete Poems

“I'm open to everything. When you start to criticize the times you live in, your time is over.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Everything you need is already within you. The beauty of life is that your DESTINY lies always in your hands. The time has come for you to STEP UP and BE GREAT”
― Pablo

“Transience is the force of time that makes a ghost of every experience. There was never a dawn, regardless how beautiful or promising, that did not grow into a noontime. There was never a noon that did not fall into afternoon. There was never an afternoon that did not fade toward evening. There never was a day yet that did not get buried in the graveyard of the night. In this way transience makes a ghost out of everything that happens to us.”
― John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom

“Time. There is much time left and lots of life seasons. There is much to see, to do, and to be.”
― Adam Young

“As we go through the flightiness of time, dazed by the inebriety of our mental time voyage, we must hit the brakes, sometimes, and not shy away from questioning ourselves, when we wade through the tanning mist of our memory that embroiders our thoughts or distorts them.
("Uber alle Gipfeln ist Ruh" )”
― Erik Pevernagie

“The youthful body untouched decays the fastest, for no living hands record its splendor; and here youth and time are wasted.”
― Roman Payne, Hope and Despair

“Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand - and melting like a snowflake. Let us use it before it is too late.”
― Marie Beynon Lyons Ray

“Nick... I hope one day you find you a woman who loves you like my Melissa loved me. Whatever you do, boy, don't turn your back on her. If she says she needs you for something, don't matter how stupid it sounds or what deadline you got, you go to her and you do it. Screw work or whatever else. In the end, the only things that matter are the people in your life. The ones who make your life worth living and whose smiles light up your world. Don't ever push them aside for fair-weather friends. Everything else is just cheap window dressing that you can replace. But once them people are gone..." He winced. "You can't buy back time, Nick. Ever. It's the only thing in life you can't get more of, and it's the one thing that will mercilessly tear you up when it's gone. It takes pity on no soul and no heart. And all those fools who tell you it gets easier in time are lying dumb-asses.
Losing someone you really love don't never get easier. You just go a few hours longer without breaking down. That's all... that's all. - Bubba”
― Sherrilyn Kenyon

“Procrastination is also a subtle act of corruption – it corrupts valuable time”
― Dr. Amit Abraham

“But what minutes! Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day.”
― Benjamin Disraeli

“I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see. The longer I live, the more my mind dwells upon the beauty and the wonder of the world.”
― John Burroughs

“So of course time is necessary. But nevertheless damn painful, for it transforms all the pieces of your life - joy and sorrow, youth and age, love and hate, terror and bliss - from fire into smoke rising up the air and dissipating on a breeze.”
― Charles Frazier

“But some relationships aren't meant to last.

They are worthy only till the time the two persons involved have time for each other.

They do not know eternity. They live for the present, the "now". And when distance plays it part, or life turns out to be busy, they fall apart.

And may be that's why they're never termed "LOVE". They simply remain what they were - mere RELATIONSHIPS.”
― Sanhita Baruah

“Fear of death is form of stasis horrors. The dead weight of time.”
― William S. Burroughs, Everything Lost: The Latin American Notebook of William S. Burroughs

“What are you that makes me feel thus? Who are you for whom time has no meaning?”
― Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body

“But that’s the trouble with moments—they end." ~Narrator”
― S.M. Boyce, Lichgates

“El amor es una epidemia que se acaba con el tiempo.”
― Joaquín Sabina

“When the rare chance comes, seize it
To do the rare deed.”
― Tiruvalluvar, Kural

“This world is out of date”
― Kamila Shamsie, Kartography

“We have trained them to think of the Future as a promised land which favored heroes attain-not as something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Also, though not over-elderly, he was not over-young.”
― Nikolai Gogol, Dead Souls

“And when your sorrow is comforted (time soothes all sorrows) you will be content that you have known me.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

“The most important thing I learnt on Tralfamadore was that when a person dies he only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people to cry at his funeral. All moments, past, present, and future, always have existed, always will exist. The Tralfamadorians can look at all the different moments just the way we can look at a stretch of the Rocky Mountains, for instance. They can see how permanent all the moments are, and they can look at any moment that interests them. It is an illusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on a string, and that once a moment is gone it is gone forever. When any Tralfamadorian sees a corpse, all he thinks is that the dead person is in a bad condition in that particular moment, but that the same person is just fine in plenty of other moments.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five

“If you don't write when you don't have time for it, you won't write when you do have time for it.”
― Katerina Stoykova Klemer

“Today is an ephemeral ghost...

A strange amazing day that comes only once every four years. For the rest of the time it does not "exist."

In mundane terms, it marks a "leap" in time, when the calendar is adjusted to make up for extra seconds accumulated over the preceding three years due to the rotation of the earth. A day of temporal tune up!

But this day holds another secret—it contains one of those truly rare moments of delightful transience and light uncertainty that only exist on the razor edge of things, along a buzzing plane of quantum probability...

A day of unlocked potential.

Will you or won't you? Should you or shouldn't you?

Use this day to do something daring, extraordinary and unlike yourself. Take a chance and shape a different pattern in your personal cloud of probability!”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“Any moment called now is always full of possibles.”
― China Miéville, Kraken

“But Time, unfortunately, though it makes animals and vegetables bloom and fade with amazing punctuality, has no such simple effect upon the mind of man. The mind of man, moreover, works with equal strangeness upon the body of time. An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length; on the other hand, an hour may be accurately represented on the timepiece of the mind by one second.”
― Virginia Woolf, Orlando

“إنك أنت من يصنع الوقت ، تغلق عينيك فتصير في الماضي ، تغلقها مرة أخرة فتستشرف المستقبل”
― الطاهر بن جلون, البلد

“What is this life if, full of care,
We have no time to stand and stare.”
― W.H. Davies, Common Joys and Other Poems

“The lives of all people flow through time, and, regardless of how brutal one moment may be, how filled with grief or pain or fear, time flows through all lives equally.”
― Orson Scott Card, Children of the Mind

“Silence. How long it lasted, I couldn't tell. It might have been five seconds, it might have been a minute. Time wasn't fixed. It wavered, stretched, shrank. Or was it me that wavered, stretched, and shrank in the silence? I was warped in the folds of time, like a reflection in a fun house mirror.”
― Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance

“Foolishness sleeps soundly, while knowledge turns with each thinking hour, longing for the dawn of answers.”
― Anthony Liccione

“There will be time, there will be time

To prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet;

There will be time to murder and create,
And time for all the works and days of hands
That lift and drop a question on your plate;
Time for you and time for me,

And time yet for a hundred indecisions,
And for a hundred visions and revisions,
Before the taking of a toast and tea.”
― T.S. Eliot, The Wasteland, Prufrock and Other Poems

“...people change, even good people, if they get the wrong thing in their head. And not everything is always what it looks like and sometimes just because one person looks weak, they might be very strong, and another person might look like a spooky freak but he might be one of the kindest people you'd ever meet. And I guess I learned that time is slippery...We have to enjoy every second, love with all our hearts, all we can, while we can.”
― Lee Thompson

“Der Augenblick ist zeitlos.”
― Leonardo da Vinci

“Time has to pass. But sometimes its so goddamn long. Sometimes it just seems to drag and drag and weigh a ton. And hang on you like a monkey. Like its going to suck the blood out of you. Or squeeze your guts out. And sometimes it flies. And is gone somewhere, somehow, before you know it was even here. As if time is only here to make you miserable. That's the only reason for time. To squeeze you. Crush you. To tie you up in knots and make you fucking miserable.”
― Hubert Selby Jr., The Room

“Six a.m.!" Xander cried. "I know that's a number on my clock, but I've never actually been awake to personally witness it!”
― Alice Henderson, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Vol. 1

“Time. I would have gone somewhere to buy time.”
― Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time

“Like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore,
So do our minutes hasten to their end;
Each changing place with that which goes before,
In sequent toil all forwards do contend.”
― William Shakespeare, The Sonnets and Narrative Poems

“Everyone just wasting time because they have so much of it to waste, minutes slipping by on who's with who and did you hear.”
― Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall

“It's funny, I don't feel any older than I did when I was twenty. But I know I am, because recently some twenty-year-old called me 'sir.' Sometimes the only way you know you are getting older is by the way others treat you.”
― John Van Epp, How to Avoid Falling in Love with a Jerk: The Foolproof Way to Follow Your Heart Without Losing Your Mind

“She would fain have caught at the skirts of that departing time, and prayed it to return, and give her back what she had too little valued while it was yet in her possession. What a vain show Life seemed! How unsubstantial, and flickering, and flitting! It was as if from some aerial belfry, high up above the stir and jar of the earth, there was a bell continually tolling, ‘All are shadows!—all are passing!—all is past!”
― Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South

“History overflows time. Love overflows the allowance of the world. All the vessels overflow, and no end or limit stays put. Every shakable thing has got to be shaken. In a sense, nothing that was ever lost in Port William ever has been replaced. In another sense, nothing is ever lost, and we are compacted together forever, even by our failures, our regrets, and our longings.”
― Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow

“Waiting. Simply one person doing nothing, over time, while another approached.”
― Ian McEwan, Atonement

“The hours are numerous and the clock seldom measures the time that passes inside us, the real lifetime, and because of this many days can fit into a few hours, and vice versa, and numbers of years can be an imprecise measure of a man's lifetime, he who dies at forty has perhaps actually lived much longer than he who dies at ninety.”
― Jón Kalman Stefánsson, Himnaríki og helvíti

“When days seem like years and years feel like days.”
― Robert Brown Fulford

“I had drunk much wine and afterward coffee and Strega and I explained, winefully, how we did not do the things we wanted to do; we never did such things.”
― Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms

“The physical reinvention of the world is endless, relentless, fascinating, exhaustive; nothing that seems solid is. If you could stand at just a little distance in time, how fluid and shape-shifting physical reality would be, everything hurrying into some other form, even concrete, even stone.”
― Mark Doty

“We’re gonna make up for that. We’re gonna live a long time together.”
― Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper

“There were timelines branching and branching, a mega-universe of universes, millions more every minute. Billions? Trillions? The universe split every time someone made a decision. Split, so that every decision ever made could go both ways. Every choice made by every man, woman, and child was reversed in the universe next door.”
― Larry Niven

“She had the bizarre feeling of time bending all around her, as though she was from the past reading about the future, or from the future reading about the past.”
― Mohsin Hamid, Exit West

“We are preoccupied with time. If we could learn to love space as deeply as we are now obsessed with time, we might discover a new meaning in the phrase 'to live like men.”
― Edward Abbey

“Glance into the world just as though time were gone: and everything crooked will become straight to you.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Sämtliche Werke: Kritische Studienausgabe in 15 Einzelbänden

“The first step towards mastering time is always to make time meaningless”
― Robert Aickman

“Time, Ms. McHenry," Townsend said. "It can be a cruel, cruel thing”
― Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time

“Time works so hard for us, if only we can let it.”
― Tana French, The Likeness

“Love is spelt T.I.M.E.”
― Dieter F. Uchtdorf

“Temporis filia veritas; cui me obstetricari non pudet.

Truth is the daughter of time, and I feel no shame in being her midwife.”
― Johannes Kepler

“The concept of time, as it’s commonly understood by normal
people with normal jobs and normal goddamn lives, doesn’t
exist on the road. The nights spread out like the dark,
godforsaken highways that distinguish them, and the days run
together like Thanksgiving dinner smothered in gravy. You
never really know where you are or what time it is, and the outside
world starts to fade away.
It’s cool.”
― Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star

“We both wondered whether these contradictions that one can't avoid if one begins to think of time and space may not really be proofs that the whole of life is a dream, and the moon and stars bits of nightmare.”
― Arthur Machen, The Terror

“Everyday is one less day.”
― Tom Ford

“You can’t buy time, Nick. Ever. It’s the only thing in life you can’t get most of, and it’s the one thing that will mercilessly tear you up when it’s gone. It takes no pity on no soul and no heart.”
― Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invincible

“There is only now. And look! How rich we are in it.”
― Vanna Bonta, Shades Of The World

“But words are things, and a small drop of ink,      
Falling like dew, upon a thought, produces
That which makes thousands, perhaps millions, think;      
’T is strange, the shortest letter which man uses
Instead of speech, may form a lasting link      
Of ages; to what straits old Time reduces
Frail man, when paper — even a rag like this,
Survives himself, his tomb, and all that’s his.”
― George Gordon Byron, Don Juan

“Each moment spent on this bright blue planet is precious so use it carefully.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“Occasionally we all do wrong things from right motives. Only time can prove us right or wrong. The past is the past. Nothing can change it now, and who is to say that it was all wrong, anyway?”
― Mary Balogh, The Devil's Web

“The moment seemed endless, but it was probably only half that.”
― Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole

“We're both thieves, Harvey Swick. I take time. You take lives. But in the end we're the same: both Thieves of Always.”
― Clive Barker, The Thief of Always

“I can't talk you in terms of time --your time and my time are different”
― Graham Greene

“I do not know what she was thinking, but I was remembering the years we have lived together, yet never together, and what a waste they have been--of each other, and of love, which is the most unpardonable waste there is. Love and time, those are the only two things in all the world and all of life that cannot be bought, but only spent.”
― Gary Jennings

“Now I wonder if it means that the future is a place, or like a place, that I could go to; that is go to in some way other
than just getting older.”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“So one must be resigned to being a clock that measures the passage of time, now out of order, now repaired, and whose mechanism generates despair and love as soon as its maker sets it going? Are we to grow used to the idea that every man relives ancient torments, which are all the more profound because they grow comic with repetition? That human existence should repeat itself, well and good, but that it should repeat itself like a hackneyed tune, or a record a drunkard keeps playing as he feeds coins into the jukebox...”
― Stanisław Lem, Solaris

“Actuality is when the lighthouse is dark between flashes: it is the instant between the ticks of the watch: it is a void interval slipping forever through time: the rupture between past and future: the gap at the poles of the revolving magnetic field, infinitesimally small but ultimately real. It is the interchronic pause when nothing is happening. It is the void between events.”
― george kubler

“The humans live in time but our Enemy destines them to eternity. He therefore, I believe, wants them to attend chiefly to two things, to eternity itself, and to that point of time which they call the Present. For the Present is the point at which time touches eternity. Of the present moment, and of it only, humans have an experience analogous to the experience which our Enemy has of reality of whole; in it alone freedom and actuality are offered to them. ”
― C.S. Lewis

“Is it later yet?”
― Jennifer E. Smith, Hello, Goodbye, and Everything in Between

“Time heals even the deepest wounds.”
― Sharon E. Rainey, Making a Pearl from the Grit of Life

“Maybe nothing ever happens once and is finished. Maybe happen is never once but like ripples maybe on water after the pebble sinks, the ripples moving on, spreading, the pool attached by a narrow umbilical water-cord to the next pool which the first pool feeds, has fed, did feed, let this second pool contain a different temperature of water, a different molecularity of having seen, felt, remembered, reflect in a different tone the infinite unchanging sky, it doesn’t matter: that pebble’s watery echo whose fall it did not even see moves across its surface too at the original ripple-space, to the old ineradicable rhythm”
― William Faulkner, Absalom, Absalom!

“فأنا بدون القراءة، قراءة أي شيء، شأني شأن مدمن لا يجد سيجارة. لا أعرف كيف أنسى الوقت وأجعله غير مسموع في انتظام قلبي ونفسي.”
― عباس بيضون, ألبوم الخسارة

“Time turns our lies into truths.”
― Gene Wolfe, Shadow & Claw

“agar vaght ra talaf konid zamani fara miresad ke vaght shoma ra talaf mikonad.”
― William Shakespeare

“Given that life is so short, do I really want to spend one-ninetieth of my remaining days on earth reading Edward Gibbon?”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Above a certain level of income, the relative value of material consumption vis-a-vis leisure time is diminished, so earning a higher income at the cost of working longer hours may reduce the quality of your life. More importantly, the fact that the citizens of a country work longer than others in comparable countries does not necessarily mean that they like working longer hours. They may be compelled to work long hours, even if they actually want to take longer holidays.”
― Ha-Joon Chang, 23 Things They Don't Tell You about Capitalism

“Grief ... gives life a permanently provisional feeling. It doesn't seem worth starting anything. I can't settle down. I yawn, I fidget, I smoke too much. Up till this I always had too little time. Now there is nothing but time. Almost pure time, empty successiveness.”
― C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed

“Time doesn't heal all wounds, only distance can lessen the sting of them.”
― Shannon Alder

“For me the noise of Time is not sad: I love bells, clocks, watches — and I recall that at first photographic implements were related to techniques of cabinetmaking and the machinery of precision: cameras, in short, were clocks for seeing, and perhaps in me someone very old still hears in the photographic mechanism the living sound of the wood.”
― Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography

“Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Can't bring back time. Like holding water in your hand.”
― James Joyce, Ulysses

“Anyone who believes that a second is faster than a decade did not live life.”
― Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close

“Whatever I learned,
Whatever I knew,
Seems like those faded years of childhood that flew,
Away in some dilemma,
Always in some confusion,
The purpose of this life,
Seems like an illusion!”
― Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?

“There is so little time. We need to make every moment count.”
― Shannon Delany, Secrets and Shadows

“Most of us take for granted that time flies, meaning that it passes too quickly. But in the mindful state, time doesn't really pass at all. There is only a single instant of time that keeps renewing itself over and over with infinite variety.”
― Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life

“Day is just a collection of hours.”
― Serj Tankian

“As a breath on glass, -
As witch-fires that burn,
The gods and monsters pass,
Are dust, and return.
(“The Face of the Skies”)”
― George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror

“...the only difference between a young person at the height of their exuberance and a very old person who is frail and physically wasted is time.”
― John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom

“It has been a week since Ami died and this morning I woke suddenly hours before dawn, indeed the same hour as when my mother died. It was not a dream that woke me, but a thought. And with that thought I could swear I heard Ami's voice.
But I am not frightened. I am joyous. Joyous with realization. For I cannot help but think what a lucky person I am. Imagine that in all the eons of time, in all the possible universes of which Dara speaks, of all the stars in the heavens, Ami and I came together for one brief and shining sliver of time.

I stop. I think.

Supposing in the grand infinity of this universe two particles of life, Ami and me, swirl endlessly like grains of sand in the oceans of the world -- how much of a chance is there for these two particles, these two grains of sand, to collide, to rest briefly together... at the same moment in time?
That is what happened with Ami and me... this miracle of chance.”
― Kathryn Lasky

“One who gossips usually carries boredom in one hand and bitterness in the other.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“I congratulate myself on not having arrived into the world until the present time. This age suits my taste.”
― Anne Rice, Pandora

“We have to forego some good things in order to choose others that are better or best because they develop faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and strengthen our families.”
― Dallin H. Oaks

“They say time will make all this go away. But it's time that's taken my tomorrow, and turned them into yesterday.”
― Ben Harper

“Let your heart shine even more than your face. The beautiful contents of your heart can never be forgotten, but your face will be a history.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Time doesn't stop or give warning. It simply ticks along, marking time, ignoring humanity.”
― Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash

“Is déjà vu actually the specter of false timelines that never happened but did, casting their shadows upon reality?”
― Blake Crouch, Recursion

“A relationship that is truly genuine does not keep changing its colors. Real gold never rusts. If a relationship is really solid and golden, it will be unbreakable. Not even Time can destroy its shine.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Understand one thing – the time is the only actual currency you have. Even though it might be daunting for some people, it’s the ultimate truth.”
― Neeraj Agnihotri, Procrasdemon - The Artist's Guide to Liberation From Procrastination

“Миналото е въпрос на тълкуване. Бъдещето е илюзия. Светът не се движи като по права черта през времето и не върви от миналото към бъдещето. Обратното, времето се движи на безкрайни спирали през и вътре в нас.
Вечността не е безкрайно време, тя е безвремие.
Ако искаш да постигнеш вечно просветление, премахни от съзнанието си миналото и бъдещето и живей в настоящия миг.”
― Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love

“Time is merely a feature of our memories and expectations.”
― Ibn Sina

“In this world, one of the biggest illusions that we live in is that we have unlimited time. With that mindset, we are uncontrolled to waste it as much as we can.”
― Neeraj Agnihotri, Procrasdemon - The Artist's Guide to Liberation From Procrastination

“Have you heard the story of the man who wasted his life taking drugs and playing Sudoku, and when he realized that he could do something meaningful, he worked hard and even got his time back?

There isn’t one because you can’t get your time back.”
― Neeraj Agnihotri, Procrasdemon - The Artist's Guide to Liberation From Procrastination

“Maybe you will be able to rebuild everything you have lost. But time, my friend, is always ticking. And remember, no matter what you do, you will never be able to win it back again.”
― Neeraj Agnihotri, Procrasdemon - The Artist's Guide to Liberation From Procrastination

“The time you profligate in procrastinating is the actual wealth you are wasting.”
― Neeraj Agnihotri, Procrasdemon - The Artist's Guide to Liberation From Procrastination

“Procrasdemon has the power to actually make you waste your entire life doing purposeless things, and the worst part is that you won't even be aware of this.”
― Neeraj Agnihotri, Procrasdemon - The Artist's Guide to Liberation From Procrastination

“Time is non-renewable.”
― Neeraj Agnihotri, Procrasdemon - The Artist's Guide to Liberation From Procrastination

“I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“The most inefficient and self-harming thing a person can do is go out looking for love. Let it find you when the time is right and you're out doing what you love to do. Only then will you find it in its truest form.”
― A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar

“The days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do.”
― Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader

“Does our purpose on Earth directly link to the people whom we end up meeting? Are our relationships and experiences actually the required dots that connect and then lead us to our ultimate destinies?”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“... the river is everywhere at once, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the rapids, in the sea, in the mountains, everywhere at once, and that there is only the present time for it, not the shadow of the past, not the shadow of the future.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“A while ago?” Anaxantis asked. “Yes, he raped me a while ago. Exactly nine months and two days ago. What's that? Nine months or nine minutes. It's the same. And it is in the past, you say? Then why is it still happening, every day, every time I close my eyes? Every time I hear someone behind me, and I don't know who it is? How is it that I get an almost irresistible urge to kill anyone who happens to touch me unexpectedly? Tell me, Hemarchidas, how do I forgive, let alone forget, something that is still happening, that keeps happening over and over? How? How do I do that?”
― Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Chains - Part 1: Bonds of Hate

“Nothing makes time pass or shortens the way like a thought that absorbs in itself all the faculties of the one who is thinking. External existence is then like a sleep of which this thought is the dream. Under its influence, time has no more measure, space has no more distance.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers

“Time obliterates the fictions of opinion and confirms the decisions of nature.”
― Marcus Tullius Cicero

“Time has a different meaning for me, and these events that seem so monumental in the moment will one day be nothing more than a line in a scroll. These humans are but letters to be inked into history. A hundred years from now, I will be free. I will have forgotten their names and faces, and the struggles they have will not matter. Time has a way of burying things, shifting like the desert and swallowing entire civilizations, erasing them from map and memory. Always, in the end, everything returns to dust.”
― Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish

“I got tired of feeling like Dracula. I wanted to see some daylight, and not just at six o’clock in the morning.”
― Kate Moss

“Every flower blooms at a different pace.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Maybe the more emotions a person experiences in their daily lives, the longer time seems to feel to them. As you get older, you experience fewer new things, and so time seems to go by faster.”
― Douglas Coupland, Life After God

“These wrinkles are nothing
These gray hairs are nothing,
This stomach which sags
with old food, these bruised
and swollen ankles,
my darkening brain,
they are nothing.
I am the same boy
my mother used to kiss.”
― Mark Strand

“Our nemesis is time, against which we have a single ally, memory, and even it betrays us.”
― Sam Tanenhaus, Literature Unbound

“The thought came over me that never would one full and absolute moment, containing all the others, justify my life, that all of my instants would be provisional phases, annihilators of the past turned to face the future, and that beyond the episodic, the present, the circumstantial, we were nobody.”
― Jorge Luis Borges, Selected Non-Fictions

“If the whole world I once could see
On free soil stand, with the people free
Then to the moment might I say,
Linger awhile. . .so fair thou art.”
― Goethe, Faust, First Part

“Every second counts”
― Dorothy Koomson, My Best Friend's Girl

“She needed Andrew Simpson Smith, it was that simple. And he had spent his life training to help people like her. Gods.
"Okay, Andrew. But let's leave today. I'm in a hurry."
"Of course. Today." He stroked the place where his slight beard was beginning to grow. "These ruins where your friends are waiting? Where are they?"
Tally glances up at the sun, still low enough to indicate the eastern horizon. After a moment's calculation, she pointed off to the northwest, back toward the city and beyond that, the Rusty Ruins. "About a week's walk that way."
"A week?"
"That means seven days."
"Yes, I know the gods' calendar," he said huffily. "But a whole week?"
"Yeah. That's not so far, is it?" The hunters had been tireless on their march the night before.
He shook his head, an awed expression on his face. "But that is beyond the edge of the world.”
― Scott Westerfeld, Pretties

“When a country is defeated, there remain only mountains and rivers, and on a ruined castle in spring only grasses thrive. I sat down on my hat and wept bitterly till I almost forgot time.

A thicket of summer grass
Is all that remains
Of the dreams and ambitions
Of ancient warriors.”
― Matsuo Bashō, The Narrow Road to the Deep North and Other Travel Sketches

“This was long before the term 'single-parent family' came into use; back then it was a 'broken home'...”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“Endings are abstruse, mystic and unreal. They are but depleted beginnings purposed to be substituted with newer ones.A transition of outlook and time, similar to our differing moods before and after slumber. Before the act we witness an exhaustion, a sulkiness but on gaining consciousness, we’re rejuvenated and good humored. The wakefulness is the new beginning whereas the tension the disturbance we perceive each night is the weariness of the beginnings, of each day. So there never really is an end, all that there are are beginnings.Beginnings which are promising, which offer hope, which have a new leash on life, which neither denounce nor belittle rather soothe and console by reconstructing the broken pieces of yesterday, mending them and reinforcing them with courage and beauty like never before.”
― Chirag Tulsiani

“What we call 'time' isn't chronological but spatial; what we call 'death' is merely a transition between different kinds of matter.”
― STEPHANE AUDEGUY, The Theory of Clouds

“Nature never rushes, yet everything gets done.”
― Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness

“The future is a split second away.”
― Ana Monnar

“Laiki nav svarīgi. Svarīgs ir cilvēks.”
― Imants Ziedonis

“Procrasdemon will steal the most valuable asset you have - time.”
― Neeraj Agnihotri, Procrasdemon - The Artist's Guide to Liberation From Procrastination

“Punctuality is the thief of time.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“What makes the prospect of death distinctive in the modern age is the background of permanent technological and sociological revolution against which it is set, and which serves to strip us of any possible faith in the permanence of our labours. Our ancestors could believe that their achievements had a chance of bearing up against the flow of events. We know time to be a hurricane. Our buildings, our sense of style, our ideas, all of these will soon enough be anachronisms, and the machines in which we now take inordinate pride will seem no less bathetic than Yorick's skull.”
― Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work

“If you work without being distracted, you can do so much in one hour. Something that is not even achievable in a month, especially if you are not living with a Procrasdemon – a blood curdling time-wasting machine.”
― Neeraj Agnihotri, Procrasdemon - The Artist's Guide to Liberation From Procrastination

“Time is like the Mississippi River. It only flows in one direction. You can never go back.”
― Suzanne Woods Fisher, The Keeper: A Novel

“There is a time in the life of every boy when he for the first time takes the backward view of life. Perhaps that is the moment when he crosses the line into manhood. The boy is walking through the street of his town. He is thinking of the future and of the figure he will cut in the world. Ambitions and regrets awake within him. Suddenly something happens; he stops under a tree and waits as for a voice calling his name. Ghosts of old things creep into his consciousness; the voices outside of himself whisper a message concerning the limitations of life. From being quite sure of himself and his future he becomes not at all sure. If he be an imaginative boy a door is torn open and for the first time he looks out upon the world, seeing, as though they marched in procession before him, the countless figures of men who before his time have come out of nothingness into the world, lived their lives and again disappeared into nothingness. The sadness of sophistication has come to the boy. With a little gasp he sees himself as merely a leaf blown by the wind through the streets of his village. He knows that in spite of all the stout talk of his fellows he must live and die in uncertainty, a thing blown by the winds, a thing destined like corn to wilt in the sun.”
― Sherwood Anderson, Winesburg, Ohio: A Group of Tales of Ohio Small Town Life

“There are little pockets of old time in London, where things and places stay the same, like bubbles in amber,” she explained. “There’s a lot of time in London, and it has to go somewhere—it doesn’t all get used up at once.”
“I may still be hung over,” sighed Richard. “That almost made sense.”
― Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere

“Things take the time they take.
Don't worry.
How many roads did St. Augustine follow before he became St. Augustine?”
― Mary Oliver

“I have not been able to discover whether there exists a precise French equivalent for the common Anglo-American expression 'killing time.' It's a very crass and breezy expression, when you ponder it for a moment, considering that time, after all, is killing us.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays

“Did I live the spring I’d sought?
It’s true in joy, I walked along,
took part in dance,
and sang the song.
and never tried to bind an hour
to my borrowed garden bower;
nor did I once entreat
a day to slumber at my feet.

Yet days aren’t lulled by lyric song,
like morning birds they pass along,
o’er crests of trees, to none belong;
o’er crests of trees of drying dew,
their larking flight, my hands, eschew
Thus I’ll say it once and true…

From all that I saw,
and everywhere I wandered,
I learned that time cannot be spent,
It only can be squandered.”
― Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy

“After long enough, everyone in the world will be you enemy.”
― Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby

“Our days are numbered. One of the primary goals in our lives should be to prepare for our last day. The legacy we leave is not just in our possessions, but in the quality of our lives. What preparations should we be making now? The greatest waste in all of our earth, which cannot be recycled or reclaimed, is our waste of the time that God has given us each day.”
― Bill Graham

“The time would not pass. Somebody was playing with the clocks, and not only the electronic clocks but the wind-up kind too. The second hand on my watch would twitch once, and a year would pass, and then it would twitch again.
There was nothing I could do about it. As an Earthling I had to believe whatever clocks said -and calendars.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five

“From the time we're born until we die, we're kept busy with artificial stuff that isn't important.”
― Tom Ford

“A man that is young in years may be old in hours if he have lost no time. ”
― Francis Bacon

“When the last autumn of Dickens's life was over, he continued to work through his final winter and into spring. This is how all of us writers give away the days and years and decades of our lives in exchange for stacks of paper with scratches and squiggles on them. And when Death calls, how many of us would trade all those pages, all that squandered lifetime-worth of painfully achieved scratches and squiggles, for just one more day, one more fully lived and experienced day? And what price would we writers pay for that one extra day spent with those we ignored while we were locked away scratching and squiggling in our arrogant years of solipsistic isolation?

Would we trade all those pages for a single hour? Or all of our books for one real minute?”
― Dan Simmons, Drood

“If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.”
― Kevin Ngo, Let's Do This! 100 Powerful Messages to Help You Take Action

“Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together; that at length they may emerge, full-formed and majestic, into the daylight of Life, which they are thenceforth to rule. Not William the Silent only, but all the considerable men I have known, and the most undiplomatic and unstrategic of these, forbore to babble of what they were creating and projecting. Nay, in thy own mean perplexities, do thou thyself but hold thy tongue for one day: on the morrow, how much clearer are thy purposes and duties; what wreck and rubbish have those mute workmen within thee swept away, when intrusive noises were shut out! Speech is too often not, as the Frenchman defined it, the art of concealing Thought; but of quite stifling and suspending Thought, so that there is none to conceal. Speech too is great, but not the greatest. As the Swiss Inscription says: Sprecfien ist silbern, Schweigen ist golden (Speech is silvern, Silence is golden); or as I might rather express it: Speech is of Time, Silence is of Eternity.”
― Thomas Carlyle, Sartor Resartus

“God schedules a birthday, not man.”
― Robert A. Bradley, Husband-Coached Childbirth: The Bradley Method of Natural Childbirth

“Time has always been the greatest ally to Truth, because Time eventually relieves and reveals all.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“… for overstrong was the command to hold fast to each smallest particle of time, to the smallest particle of every circumstance, and to embody all of them in memory as if they could be preserved in memory through all deaths for all times.”
― Hermann Broch, The Death of Virgil

“Sometimes exhaustion is not a result of too much time spent on something, but of knowing that in its place, no time is spent on something else.”
― Joyce Rachelle

“Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ...”
― Louis Hector Berlioz

“Had we but world enough, and time”
― Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress

“I guarantee you that after you die you will not say 'I spent too much time praying; I wish I had watched more TV instead.”
― Peter Kreeft, Prayer For Beginners

“Time is like a river flowing endlessly through the universe. And if you poled your flatboat in that river you might fight your way against the current and travel upstream into the past. Or go with the flow and rush into the future. This was in a less cynical time before toxic waste dumping and pollution filled the waterway of Chronus with the detritus of empty hours wasted minutes years of repetition and time that has been killed.”
― Harlan Ellison

“Perhaps life is like an hour glass, with dear ones the sand that slips from the upper glass--the earth--into the second--eternity.”
― Margaret George, Elizabeth I

“Time, which grays hair and wrinkles faces, also withers violent affections, and much more quickly.”
― Fernando Pessoa, The Selected Prose of Fernando Pessoa

“But time has a way of stealthily deciding a person’s mind without her conscious knowledge, and as she studied and procrastinated, Poison found one day that she had come to know her choice.”
― Chris Wooding, Poison

“What could I say? Maybe this: the man hunched over his motorcycle can focus only on the present instant of his flight; he is caught in a fragment of time cut off from both the past and the future; he is wrenched from the continuity of time; he is outside time; in other words, he is in a state of ecstasy; in that state he is unaware of his age, his wife, his children, his worries, and so he has no fear, because the source of fear is in the future, and a person freed of the future has nothing to fear.”
― Milan Kundera, Slowness

“Smartass Disciple: Which one was first created, time or things?
Master of Stupidity: No things, no changes. No changes, no time.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“The snow filled the air with a soft grey-blue mist, softening the wind and gunfire, bringing the earth and sky together into one swaying blur.
The snow fell on Bach's shoulders; it was as though flakes of silence were falling on the still Volga, on the dead city, on the skeletons of horses. It was snowing everywhere, on earth and on the stars; the whole universe was full of snow. Everything was disappearing beneath it: guns, the bodies of the dead, filthy dressings, rubble, scraps of twisted iron.
This soft, white snow settling over the carnage of the city was time itself; the present was turning into the past, and there was no future.”
― Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate

“You can never heal completely. The scars will always stay behind, just to remind how cruel the time was once to you. But someday, you will learn to see beauty in the world that gave you these scars. And your eyes will shine with no lies in it. That day, you become beautiful. With baring all the scars, Which you always tried to hide from everyone.”
― Akshay Vasu

“You can't make footprints in the sand of time if you're sitting on your butt, and who wants to make buttprints in the sand of time?”
― Bob Moawad

“If you have sixty seconds worth of distance...run!”
― Chris Stevenson

“THE FOUR HEAVENLY FOUNTAINS


Laugh, I tell you
And you will turn back
The hands of time.

Smile, I tell you
And you will reflect
The face of the divine.

Sing, I tell you
And all the angels will sing with you!

Cry, I tell you
And the reflections found in your pool of tears -
Will remind you of the lessons of today and yesterday
To guide you through the fears of tomorrow.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“In the end, the wind takes everything, doesn't it? And why not? Why other? If the sweetness of our lives did not depart, there would be no sweetness at all.”
― Stephen King, The Wind Through the Keyhole

“Many years have passed since that night. The wall of the staircase up which I had watched the light of his candle gradually climb was long ago demolished. And in myself, too, many things have perished which I imagined would last for ever, and new ones have arisen, giving birth to new sorrows and new joys which in those days I could not have foreseen, just as now the old are hard to understand.”
― Marcel Proust, Swann's Way

“I fantasize the night sky to be like a cosmic blue print of my life as I close my eyes and unbutton my heart…. just in case anyone up there is listening.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“Something, somewhere, knows what’s best for me and promises to keep sending me people and experiences to light my way as long as I live in gratitude and keep paying attention to the signs.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“I’ve grown up defined by this desperate, undeniable, ‘can’t breathe’ kind of space inside of myself and I’m afraid that the diagnosis is fatal.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“Chronocanine Envy:
Sadness experienced when one realized that, unlike one's dog, one cannot live only in the present tense. As Kierkegaard said, "Life must be lived forward.”
― Douglas Coupland

“It makes me wonder, Do we spend most of our days trying to remember or forget things? Do we spend most of our time running towards or away from our lives? I don't know.”
― Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe

“Everything started as nothing.”
― Auliq Ice

“There is nowhere morning does not go.”
― Leah Hager Cohen, Glass, Paper, Beans: Revolutions on the Nature and Value of Ordinary Things

“A true friend is one you can go extended periods without seeing or talking to, yet the moment that you are back in touch, it's like no time has passed at all.”
― Ellie Wade, A Forever Kind of Love

“In the darkness of night,
Demons strut, taunting, goading.
In the light of day,
Angels sing glorious songs.
In the time in between,
We live our lives alone and searching.
And sometimes, softly,
You understand damnation.
All is forgotten, all is lost,
All but forgiveness
And the memory of her kiss.”
― Lisa Mangum, The Hourglass Door

“If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing."
~ Margaret Thatcher”
― Margaret Thatcher

“What is this life if, full of care,
We have no time to stand and stare.

No time to stand beneath the boughs
And stare as long as sheep or cows.”
― W.H. Davies, Common Joys and Other Poems

“No life goes past so swiftly as an eventless one, no clock spins like a clock whose days are all alike.”
― Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose

“Time is the wisest of all things that are; for it brings everything to light.”
― Thales

“El Tiempo no tiene una sino sus muchas ruedas. Una rueda para las criaturas de corazón lento, y otra para las de corazón apresurado. Ruedas para las criaturas que envejecen lentamente, ruedas para las que se hacen viejas con el día.”
― Liliana Bodoc, Los días de la sombra

“You live as if you were destined to live forever, no thought of your frailty ever enters your head, of how much time has already gone by you take no heed. You squander time as if you drew from a full and abundant supply, so all the while that day which you bestow on some person or thing is perhaps your last. You have all the fears of mortals and all the desires of immortals… What foolish forgetfulness of mortality to defer wise resolutions to the fiftieth or sixtieth year, and to intend to begin life at a point to which few have attained.”
― Denis Diderot

“a life can change in a tenth of
a second.
or sometimes it can take
70
years.”
― Charles Bukowski, Betting on the Muse: Poems and Stories

“The huge round lunar clock was a gristmill. Shake down all the grains of Time—the big grains of centuries, and the small grains of years, and the tiny grains of hours and minutes—and the clock pulverized them, slid Time silently out in all directions in a fine pollen, carried by cold winds to blanket the town like dust, everywhere. Spores from that clock lodged in your flesh to wrinkle it, to grow bones to monstrous size, to burst feet from shoes like turnips. Oh, how that great machine…dispensed Time in blowing weathers.”
― Ray Bradbury, Farewell Summer

“I spit into the face of Time
That has transfigured me.”
― Yeats. W. B. (William Butler). 1865-1939., The Rose

“It's so egotistical to believe that we know more about someone else's reality than they do, and such a waste of time.”
― Shreve Stockton, The Daily Coyote: Story of Love, Survival, and Trust In the Wilds of Wyoming

“If today you don't have time for those who gave all their time for you yesterday then tomorrow they will not have time to give to you who has no time today”
― Amit Abraham

“Time is a structured perception towards observable changes.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“I was transformed the day
My ego shattered,
And all the superficial, material
Things that mattered
To me before,
Suddenly ceased
To matter.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Time spent for temporary happiness like movie or outing or weekend on a beach is all synthetic; with shelf life of a day or two. Work for your bigger dreams that should last for whole life. Then movie and beach would seem more interesting, realising that you have done something.”
― Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar

“When you're traveling you need to take care of yourself to get by, you have to keep an eye on yourself and your place in the world. It means concentrating on yourself, thinking about yourself and looking after yourself. So when you travel all you really encounter is yourself, as if that were the whole point of it. When you're at home you simply are, you don't have to struggle with anything or achieve anything. You don't have to worry about the railways connections, and timetables, you don't need to experience any thrills or disappointments. You can put yourself to one side - and that's when you see the most.”
― Olga Tokarczuk

“Time cures you first, and then it kills you.”
― Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna

“Then Deborah stood at the wicket gate, the boundary, and there was a woman with outstretched hand, demanding tickets.

"Pass through," she said when Deborah reached her. "We saw you coming." The wicket gate became a turnstile. Deborah pushed against it and there was no resistance, she was through.

"What is it?" she asked. "Am I really here at last? Is this the bottom of the pool?"

"It could be," smiled the woman. "There are so many ways. You just happened to choose this one."

Other people were pressing to come through. They had no faces, they were only shadows. Deborah stood aside to let them by, and in a moment they had gone, all phantoms.

"Why only now, tonight?" asked Deborah. "Why not in the afternoon, when I came to the pool?"

"It's a trick," said the woman. "You seize on the moment in time. We were here this afternoon. We're always here. Our life goes on around you, but nobody knows it. The trick's easier by night, that's all."

"Am I dreaming, then?" asked Deborah.

"No," said the woman, "this isn't a dream. And it isn't death, either. It's the secret world."

The secret world... It was something Deborah had always known, and now the pattern was complete. The memory of it, and the relief, were so tremendous that something seemed to burst inside her heart.

"Of course..." she said, "of course..." and everything that had ever been fell into place. There was no disharmony. The joy was indescribable, and the surge of feeling, like wings about her in the air, lifted her away from the turnstile and the woman, and she had all knowledge. That was it - the invasion of knowledge. ("The Pool")”
― Daphne du Maurier, Echoes from the Macabre: Selected Stories

“Why you? Why us for that matter? Why anything? Because the moment simply is.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five

“The work of memory collapses time.”
― Walter Benjamin

“It wasn't that time stopped in the library. It was as if it were captured, collected here, and in all libraries -- and not only my time, my life, but all human time as well. In the library, time is dammed up--not just stopped but saved.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“Time is for dragonflies and angels. The former live too little and the latter live too long.”
― James Thurber, The 13 Clocks

“I think deeply about things and want others to do likewise. I work for ideas and learn from people. I don’t like excluding people. I’m a perfectionist, but I won’t let that get in the way of publication. Except for education and entertainment, I’m not going to waste my time on things that won’t have an impact. I try to be friends with everyone, but I hate it when you don’t take me seriously. I don’t hold grudges, it’s not productive, but I learn from my experience. I want to make the world a better place.”
― Aaron Swartz

“Art is the whisper of history, heard above the noise of time.”
― Julian Barnes, The Noise of Time

“Life would go out in a 'fraction of a second' (that was the phrase), but all night he had been realizing that time depends on clocks and the passage of light. There were no clocks and the light wouldn't change. Nobody really knew how long a second of pain could be. It might last a whole purgatory--or for ever.”
― Graham Greene, The Power and the Glory

“Deeds need time, even after they are done, in order to be seen or heard.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science

“Any time gone by was better.”
― Jorge Manrique

“Heroes and scholars represent the opposite extremes... The scholar struggles for the benefit of all humanity, sometimes to reduce physical effort, sometimes to reduce pain, and sometimes to postpone death, or at least render it more bearable. In contrast, the patriot sacrifices a rather substantial part of humanity for the sake of his own prestige. His statue is always erected on a pedestal of ruins and corpses... In contrast, all humanity crowns a scholar, love forms the pedestal of his statues, and his triumphs defy the desecration of time and the judgment of history.”
― Santiago Ramón y Cajal, Advice for a Young Investigator

“Time plays like an accordion in the way it can stretch out and compress itself in a thousand melodic ways. Months on end may pass blindingly in a quick series of chords, open-shut, together-apart; and then a single melancholy week may seem like a year's pining, one long unfolding note.”
― Julia Glass, Three Junes

“Real relationships are the product of time spent, which is why so many of us have so few of them.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Everyone thinks that the old days were better, or that they were harder, and the modern times are chaotic and complex, or easier all around, but I think people's hearts have always been the same, happy and sad, and that hasn't changed at all. It's just the shapes of lives that change, not the lives themselves.”
― Brian Doyle, Mink River

“But at my back I always hear
Time’s wingèd chariot hurrying near;
And yonder all before us lie
Deserts of vast eternity.
Thy beauty shall no more be found;
Nor, in thy marble vault, shall sound
My echoing song; then worms shall try
That long-preserved virginity,
And your quaint honour turn to dust,
And into ashes all my lust;
The grave’s a fine and private place,
But none, I think, do there embrace.”
― Andrew Marvell, The Complete Poems

“I love the sight of his naked body.
especially in these quiet, vulnerable moments. These brackets of time stapled between dreams and reality are my favorite. There's a sweetness in this hesitant consciousness - a careful, gentle return of form of function, I've found I love these minutes most for the delicate way in which they unfold. It's tender.
Slow motion.
Time tying its shoes.”
― Tahereh Mafi, Restore Me

“O tempo, o tempo, o tempo e suas águas inflamáveis, esse rio largo que não cansa de correr, lento e sinuoso, ele próprio reconhecendo seus caminhos, recolhendo e filtrando de vária direção o caldo turvo dos afluentes e o sangue ruivo de outros canais para com eles construir a razão mística da história...”
― Raduan Nassar

“Of the two powers, the two categories that take possession of us when we enter the world, space is by far the less mysterious. . . . Space is, after all, solid, monolithic. . . . Time, on the other hand, is a hostile element, truly treacherous, I would say even against human nature.”
― Stanisław Lem, Highcastle: A Remembrance

“Information about time cannot be imparted in a straightforward way. Like furniture, it has to be tipped and tilted to get it through the door. If the past is a solid oak buffet whose legs must be unscrewed and whose drawers must be removed before, in an altered state, it can be upended into the entryway of our minds, then the future is a king-size waterbed that hardly stands a chance, especially if it needs to be brought up in an elevator.

Those billions who persist in perceiving time as the pursuit of the future are continually buying waterbeds that will never make it beyond the front porch or the lobby. And if man's mission is to reside in the fullness of the present, then he's got no space for the waterbed, anyhow, not even if he could lower it through a skylight.”
― Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All

“The clock strikes off the hollow half-hours of all the life that is left to you, one by one.”
― Emily Brontë, Jane Eyre / Les Hauts de Hurle-Vent / Agnes Grey

“There was rarely an obvious branching point in a person's life. People changed slowly, over time. You didn't take one step, then find yourself in a completely new location. You first took a little step off the path to avoid some rocks. For a while, you walked alongside the path, but then you wandered out a little way to step on softer soil. Then you stopped paying attention as you drifted farther and farther away. Finally, you found yourself in the wrong city, wondering why the signs on the roadway hadn't led you better.”
― Brandon Sanderson, The Emperor's Soul

“Some people say they have 20 years experience, when in reality, they have 1 year's experience repeated 20 times. (Stephen M R Covey to Richie Norton when Norton asked if he was too young to train older executives for Covey.)”
― Richie Norton

“عشق ورزی چون رقص است.انسان همیشه دیگری را همراه خود میکشاند.”
― میلان کوندرا

“It will happen but it will take time.”
― John Bowlby

“Through memory we travel against time, through forgetfulness we follow its course.”
― Joseph Joubert, The Notebooks of Joseph Joubert

“Work on.
" Work as if every time you started with and every time you finish.”
― Leopold von Sacher Masoch

“Parsifal is on his way to the temple of the Grail Knights and says: “I hardly move, yet far I seem to have come”, and the all-knowing Gurnemanz replies: “You see, my son, time turns here into space”
― Richard Wagner

“It was the kind of summer evening that made Ursula want to be alone. 'Oh,' Izzie said, 'You're at an age when a girl is simply consumed by the sublime.' Ursula wasn't sure what she meant ('No one is ever sure what she means,' Sylvie said) but she thought she understood a little. There was a strangeness in the shimmering air, a sense of imminence that made Ursula's chest feel full, as if her heart was growing. It was a kind of high holiness - she could think of no other way of describing it. Perhaps it was the future, she thought, coming nearer all the time.”
― Kate Atkinson, Life After Life

“It’s quite simple. Death isn’t what we think it is. It isn’t life which ends but time which stops.”
― Henri Riviere

“sometime life is full of joy,and sometime life is full of pain and tears
but we have to defeat it”
― Meena Khan

“The past may or may not be a foreign country. It may morph or lie still, but its capital is always Regret, and what flushes through it is the grand canal of unfledged desires that feed into an archipelago of tiny might-have-beens that never really happened but aren't unreal for not happening and might still happen though we fear they never will. And I thought of Ole Brit holding back so much, as we all do when we look back to see that the roads we've left behind or not taken have all but vanished. Regret is how we hope to back into our real lives once we find the will, the blind drive and courage, to trade in the life we're given for the life that bears our name and ours only. Regret is how we look forward to things we've long lost yet never really had. Regret is hope without conviction, I said. We're torn between regret, which is the price to pay for things not done, and remorse, which is the cost for having done them. Between one and the other, time plays all its cozy little tricks.”
― André Aciman, Enigma Variations

“The illimitable, silent, never-resting thing called Time, rolling, rushing on, swift, silent, like an all-embracing ocean-tide, on which we and all the Universe swim like exhalations, like apparitions which are, and then are not: this is forever very literally a miracle; a thing to strike us dumb—for we have no word to speak about it.”
― Thomas Carlyle

“Creativity is the residue of time wasted.”
― Albert Einstein

“Of all the things a man may do, sleep probably contributes most to keeping him sane. It puts brackets about each day. If you do something foolish or painful today, you get irritated if somebody mentions it, today. If it happened yesterday, though, you can nod or chuckle, as the case may be. You've crossed through nothingness or dream to another island in Time.”
― Roger Zelazny, Isle of the Dead

“He has to find more and better ways of occupying his time. His time, what a bankrupt idea, as if he's been given a box of time belonging to him alone, stuffed to the brim with hours and minutes that he can spend like money. Trouble is, the box has holes in it and the time is running out, no matter what he does with it.”
― Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake

“The past,' he thought, 'is linked with the present by an unbroken chain of events flowing one out of another.' And it seemed to him that he had just seen both ends of that chain; that when he touched one end the other quivered.”
― Anton Chekhov, The Witch and Other Stories

“Time goes on crutches till love have all his rites.”
― William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing

“But life is just a party, and parties weren't meant to last.”
― Prince, 1999 (Piano/Vocal/Guitar)

“The river is now. This moment. This breath between us. The space between your heartbeats. The moment before you blink. The instant a thought flashes through your mind. It is everything that is around us. Life. Energy. Flowing, endlessly flowing, carrying you from then...to now...to tomorrow. Listen: you can hear the music of it. Of the passage of time.”
― Lisa Mangum

“If New Orleans is not fully in the mainstream of culture, neither is it fully in the mainstream of time. Lacking a well-defined present, it lives somewhere between its past and its future, as if uncertain whether to advance or to retreat. Perhaps it is its perpetual ambivalence that is its secret charm. Somewhere between Preservation Hall and the Superdome, between voodoo and cybernetics, New Orleans listens eagerly to the seductive promises of the future but keeps at least one foot firmly planted in its history, and in the end, conforms, like an artist, not to the world but to its own inner being--ever mindful of its personal style.”
― Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume

“Clocks and calendars do not exist to remind us of the Time we've forgotten but to regulate our relations with others and indeed all of society, and this is how we use them.”
― Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence

“The woman recovering from abuse or other stressful life situations may feel she's in no way in charge of anything, least of all her own world. She faces the horse with trepidation. The horse senses the fear and becomes tense and concerned. The wise instructor starts small. The woman is handed a soft brush and sent to fuss over the horse. It's pointed out that if she stands close to the animal, she will be out of range of a well-aimed kick. She is warned to watch for tell-tale signs of fear in herself and the horse. She's warned to keep her feet out from under the horse's stomping hoof. They're both allowed to back away and regroup and try again until they reach an accord regarding personal space. Calm prevails, and within a few minutes, hours or sessions, interaction becomes friendship. It happens almost every time a woman is allowed enough time and space to work through the situation.

So a woman whose daily life is overwhelming her learns to step back. Is this a cure for her endless problems? Of course not. Simple is not simplistic.”
― Joanne M. Friedman, Horses in the Yard

“You don't have time, Len. That is the most bitter and the most beautiful piece of advice I can offer. If you don't have what you want now, you don't have what you want.”
― Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting

“I think you will agree that life's plans are not always tied up in neat little packages. Occasionally we find ourselves at unexpected crossroads with more than one opportunity from which to choose. Time itself is often the best indicator of which decision to make, for it can tell so many thing that are now hazy.”
― Linda Lee Chaikin, Tomorrow's Treasure

“Most of the time - 99 percent of the time - you just don't know how and why the threads are looped together, and that's okay. Do a good thing and something bad happens. Do a bad thing and something good happens. Do nothing and everything explodes.

And very, very rarely - by some miracle of chance and coincidence, butterflies beating their wings just so and all the threads hanging together for a minute - you get the chance to do the right thing.”
― Lauren Oliver

“Perhaps time’s definition of coal is the diamond.”
― Khalil Gibran

“I think I fell in love with you that amazing night on the kitchen floor. Or maybe it was the evening you stepped up and set my arm." Testing things, he reached for her hand, and, to his joy, she glared, but she let him take it. "Or maybe the night I knew I loved you was when I kissed you under the mistletoe on Christmas Eve. It's hard to say because I look at you now and it seems to me there's never been a time when I didn't love you.”
― Maggie Osborne, Silver Lining

“While people brood, time skips ahead without looking back.”
― Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams

“It doesn't really matter if you are left behind the back, but what matters is your capacity to pull and push everyone by your way to get to the front.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“People like to warn you that by the time you reach the middle of your life, passion will begin to feel like a meal eaten long ago, which you remember with great tenderness.”
― Meg Wolitzer, The Uncoupling

“Time wounds all heals.”
― Tracy Letts, August: Osage County

“Every moment is a crossroad in time. Consider that, as above so below and as inside so outside and live accordingly.”
― Grigoris Deoudis

“The Telephone

When I was just as far as I could walk
From here today
There was an hour
All still
When leaning with my head against a flower
I heard you talk.
Don't say I didn't for I heard you say
You spoke from that flower on the window sill-
Do you remember what it was you said '

'First tell me what it was you thought you heard.'

'Having found the flower and driven a bee away
I leaned my head
And holding by the stalk
I listened and I thought I caught the word
What was it
Did you call me by my name
Or did you say
Someone said "Come"
I heard it as I bowed.'

'I may have thought as much but not aloud.'

Well so I came.”
― Robert Frost, The Poetry of Robert Frost

“For he lives twice who can at once employ,
The present well, and e’en the past enjoy.”
― Alexander Pope

“The special virtue of freedom is not that it makes you richer and more powerful but that it gives you more time to understand what it means to be alive.”
― Adam Gopnik

“God really performs the miracle of multiplying our time, but only if we give it to him first.”
― Peter Kreeft, Prayer For Beginners

“Look back on Time, with kindly eyes -
He doubtless did his best -
How softly sinks that trembling sun
In Human Nature's West -”
― Emily Dickinson

“I get up at seven yeah and I go to work at nine. I got no time for livin'. Yes I'm workin' all the time. It seems to me I could live my life a lot better than I think I am. I guess that's why they call me they call me the workin' man.”
― Rush

“If we accept time for what it is, how it flows and how we flow with it, I doubt very much that we would continue wasting loads of it by constantly checking our watches. The gnomons's shadow falls where it falls - and so do we. Where we are now is where a lifetime's worth of steps have taken us.”
― Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After

“How can you say: "I love you forever!" ; Whereas bit of time can change everything”
― Aditia Rinaldi

“As cruel as life might be at times, if you throw in the towel, which is what everyone will expect, then nothing good will happen and your life will fall apart. Be better than that!”
― Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love

“But as Van casually directed the searchlight of backthought into that maze of the past where the mirror-lined narrow paths not only took different turns, but used different levels (as a mule-drawn cart passes under the arch of a viaduct along which a motor skims by), he found himself tackling, in still vague and idle fashion, the science that was to obsess his mature years - problems of space and time, space versus time, time-twisted space, space as time, time as space - and space breaking away from time, in the final tragic triumph of human cogitation: I am because I die.”
― Vladimir Nabokov, Ada, or Ardor: A Family Chronicle

“As we are whiling away days of idleness, time may flow rashly through the screen of our thoughts and veil the relevance of individual fragments in our story. The clock of reality can arrest us, though, and compel us to confront the demands of the truth. ("Non mais, t'as vu l'heure !")”
― Erik Pevernagie

“O words are poor receipts for what time hath stole away”
― John Clare, Poems Chiefly from Manuscript

“Again time elapsed.”
― Carolyn Keene, The Secret of the Old Clock

“There are no two hours alike. Every hour is unique and the only one given at the moment, exclusive and endlessly precious. Judaism teaches us to be attached to holiness in time; to learn how to consecrate sanctuaries that emerge from the magnificent stream of a year.”
― Abraham Joshua Heschel

“I just wish moments weren’t so fleeting!' Isaac called to the man on the roof, 'They pass so quickly!'
'Fleeting?!' responded the tilling man, 'Moments? They pass quickly?! . . . Why, once a man is finished growing, he still has twenty years of youth. After that, he has twenty years of middle age. Then, unless misfortune strikes, nature gives him twenty thoughtful years of old age. Why do you call that quickly?' And with that, the tilling man wiped his sweaty brow and continued tilling; and the dejected Isaac continued wandering.
'Stupid fool!' Isaac muttered quietly to himself as soon as he was far enough away not to be heard.”
― Roman Payne, Hope and Despair

“I am old enough to know that time passing is just a trick, a convenience. Everything is always there, still unfolding, still happening. The past, the present, and the future, in the noggin eternally, like brushes, combs and ribbons in a handbag.”
― Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture

“The calendar of the Theocracy of Muntab counts down, not up. No-one knows why, but it might not be a good idea to hang around and find out.”
― Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters

“On a whim, he stopped and bought a watch from a sidewalk vendor. Normally, Billy could not abide keeping time, especially when it was attached to one’s body. Time was like a relentlessly needy lapdog one had to haul around. It barked too much and had no sense of loyalty.”
― Jim Carroll, The Petting Zoo

“The only problem is time.”
― Seth MacFarlane

“Mostly what you lose with time, in memory, is the specificity of things, their exact sequence. It all runs together, becomes a watery soup. Portmanteau days, imploded years. Like a bad actor, memory always goes for effect, abjuring motivation, consistency, good sense. ”
― James Sallis, Black Hornet

“Time itself is created through deeds of true kindness.”
― Dara Horn, The World to Come

“All I'm saying is, love changes over time. No person is ever perfect for another person”
― Holly Bourne, It Only Happens in the Movies

“All objects exist in a moment of time.”
― Amy Tan, The Bonesetter's Daughter

“Depression, as far as I'm concerned, is just a waste of time.”
― Helen Reddy

“O the joy of my spirit--it is uncaged--it darts like lightning!
It is not enough to have this globe or a certain time,
I will have thousands of globes and all time.”
― Walt Whitman

“Opportunity makes the man”
― José de Alencar

“You attract poverty when you lack value for time”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away.”
― Charles Caleb Colton

“The candle glimmers but an hour. The night
Looms in its ancient hunger. Would you know
The tragedy of human love and need?
Gaze on the stars, then on a brother's face!”
― George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror

“Some days some times are remembered by me, in life’s all moments they are cherished by me”
― Dr. Amit Abraham

“Time is a player. Time is part of today, not simply a measure of its passing.”
― Jeanette Winterson, The World and Other Places: Stories

“People who understands how to convert their time into useful products do not complain of boredom.”
― Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?

“The day is refracted, and the next and the one after that, all of them broken up into a hundred juggled segments, each brilliant and self-contained so that the hours are no longer linear but assorted like bright sweets in a jar.”
― Penelope Lively, Moon Tiger

“Time, like an ever-rolling stream,
Bears all its sons away;
They fly forgotten, as a dream
Dies at the opening day.”
― Isaac Watts

“You can be your own boss”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Time is basically an illusion created by the mind to aid in our sense of temporal presence in the vast ocean of space. Without the neurons to create a virtual perception of the past and the future based on all our experiences, there is no actual existence of the past and the future. All that there is, is the present.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost

“Life becomes a dilemma when you are living a purposeless and goalless life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Time present and time past
Are both perhaps present in time future
And time future contained in time past.
If all time is eternally present
All time is unredeemable.
What might have been is an abstraction
Remaining a perpetual possibility
Only in a world of speculation.
What might have been and what has been
Point to one end, which is always present.”
― T.S. Eliot, Four Quartets

“We're thinking, does life owe us anything. Did we get it wrong? And time is an animal, man. The years. Time is killing us it has us in its teeth.”
― Yrsa Daley-Ward, The Terrible: A Storyteller's Memoir

“Time stops for no one, no matter how unsure we are of the future.”
― Rebekah Crane, The Upside of Falling Down

“I’ve always seen this in you, ever since you were a little girl — this hunger to love other people into their highest selves and it’s what has made me irreversibly and just so forever in love with you.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“Es zinu mirkļus dienas garumā un dienas mirkļa īsumā.”
― Imants Ziedonis, Epifānijas

“Please… Whoever you are, whatever you are… I believe in you even though I don’t completely understand you. I feel you around me even though I can’t exactly describe what I’m feeling. Sometimes things happen to me and I know that you’re there and I’m humbled by the lack of coincidence that exists in the world. Whatever you want from me, it’s yours — just please help me. You know how I get when I lose control, and I find myself constantly being pulled back there these days.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“Time's never up", she whispered, not looking at me, but at my canvas. "Just like there's always time for pain, there's always time for healing. Of course there is.”
― Jennifer Brown, Hate List

“The Hopi, an Indian tribe, have a language as sophisticated as ours, but no tenses for past, present and future. The division does not exist. What does this say about time?

Matter, that thing the most solid and the well-known, which you are holding in your hands and which makes up your body, is now known to be mostly empty space. Empty space and points of light. What does this say about the reality of the world?”
― Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry

“Art enables us to find ourselves and loose ourselves at the same time.”
― Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island

“You're different. You're more perfect. Time is three things for most people, but for you, for us, just one. A singularity. One moment. This moment. Like you're the center of the clock, the axis on which the hands turn. Time moves about you but never moves you. It has lost its ability to affect you. What is it they say? That time is theft? But not for you. Close your eyes and you can start all over again. Conjure up that necessary emotion, fresh as roses.”
― Jonathan Nolan, Memento Mori

“But time passes. Fear becomes a memory. Terror becomes routine; it loses its grip.”
― Bernard Beckett, Genesis

“It takes a long time to learn how to do something simple.”
― Marty Rubin

“Death is a part of Life, they are dancing together the dance of infinity in front of the gates of Time. We can live our dreams as we are dreaming our future. Time is the Endless Consciousness”
― Grigoris Deoudis

“What use was time to those who'd soon achieve Digital Immortality?”
― Clyde Dsouza, Memories With Maya

“As a writer of philosophy, it's good to ask oneself, 'Will I still believe this a week from now, or months, or even years?”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Sie litten alle unter der Angst, keine Zeit für alles zu haben, und wussten nicht, dass Zeit haben nichts anderes heißt, als keine Zeit für alles zu haben.”
― Robert Musil

“أن الحزن سوف يتضاءل في وقت ما ، حتى ولو لم يتلاشى تمامًا ، لكنه بعد فترة لن يكون شديدًا”
― Nicholas Sparks, Dear John

“Time stretches and calms, but still we reach, for we belonged then. We want to know. Sometimes that knowledge is painful, or inconvenient, or even damning. But it is essential. It exposes us for what we have been, and can be.”
― Mark Mustian, The Gendarme

“The gods have been good to you. But what the gods give they quickly take away. You have only a few years in which to live really, perfectly, and fully. When your youth goes, your beauty will go with it, and then you will suddenly discover that there are no triumphs left for you, or have to content yourself with those mean triumphs that the memory of your past will make more bitter than defeats. Every month as it wanes bring you nearer to something dreadful. Time is jealous of you, and wars against your lilies and your roses.”
― Oscar Wilde in The Picture Of Dorian Gray

“And never, never, dear madam, put 'Wednesday' simply as the date! That way madness lies!”
― Lewis Carroll, Feeding The Mind

“Time has transfigured them into
Untruth. The stone fidelity
They hardly meant has come to be
Their final blazon, and to prove
Our almost-instinct almost true:
What will survive of us is love.”
― Philip Larkin

“We are no longer in the dispensation of age and experience. We are in the era of knowledge and information. Information leads a true leader and a true leader leads others.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“A journey is time suspended.”
― Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man

“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“Time remorselessly rambles down the corridors and streets of our lives. but it is not until autumn that most of us become aware that our tickets are stamped with a terminal destination.”
― Joe L. Wheeler

“If there is anything certain in life, it is this. Time doesn't always heal. Not really. I know they say it does, but that is not true. What time does is to trick you into believing that you have healed, that the hurt of a great loss has lessened. But a single word, a note of a song, a fragrance, a knife point of dawn light across an empty room, any one of these things will take you back to that one moment you have never truly forgotten. These small things are the agents of memory. They are the sharp needle points piercing the living fabric of your life.

Life, my children, isn't linear where the heart is concerned. It is filled with invisible threads that reach out from your past and into your future. These threads connect every second we have lived and breathed. As your own lives move forward and as the decades pass, the more of these threads are cast. Your task is to weave them into a tapestry, one that tells the story of the time we shared.”
― Stephen Lee

“Had I been less firmly resolved upon settling down definitively to work, I should perhaps have made an effort to begin at once. But since my resolution was explicit, since within twenty-four hours, in the empty frame of the following day where everything was so well-arranged because I myself was not yet in it, my good intention would be realized without difficulty, it was better not to start on an evening when I felt ill-prepared. The following days were not, alas, to prove more propitious. But I was reasonable. It would have been puerile, on the part of one who had waited now for years, not to put up with a postponement of two or three days. Confident that by the day after tomorrow I should have written several pages, I said not a word more to my parents of my decision; I preferred to remain patient and then to bring to a convinced and comforted grandmother a sample of work that was already under way. Unfortunately the next day was not that vast, extraneous expanse of time to which I had feverishly looked forward. When it drew to a close, my laziness and my painful struggle to overcome certain internal obstacles had simply lasted twenty-four hours longer. And at the end of several days, my plans not having matured, I had no longer the same hope that they would be realized at once, and hence no longer the heart to subordinate everything else to their realization: I began once again to keep late hours...”
― Marcel Proust, Within a Budding Grove, Part 2

“Don't be in a hurry. Everything arise in the due time.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“Money and beauty are defenses against the sorrows of this world but neither can undo the past. Only time will conquer time. The way forward is the only way back to innocence and to peace.”
― Dean Koontz, Brother Odd

“If I Must Go

If I must go to heaven's end
Climbing the ages like a stair,
Be near me and forever bend
With the same eyes above me there;
Time will fly past us like leaves flying,
We shall not heed, for we shall be
Beyond living, beyond dying,
Knowing and known unchangeably.”
― Sara Teasdale, Flame and Shadow

“Nature intended me for the tranquil pursuits of science, by rendering them my supreme delight. But the enormities of the times in which I have lived, have forced me to take a part in resisting them, and to commit myself on the boisterous ocean of political passions.”
― Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson

“They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I think the same could be said for time.”
― Jake Vander Ark, The Day I Wore Purple

“Shadows fell on them like predators as the light went out.”
― China Miéville, Perdido Street Station

“Time will generally lessen the interest of every attachment not within the daily circle.”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“Dimanchophobia:
Fear of Sundays, not in a religious sense but rather, a condition that reflects fear of unstructured time. Also known as acalendrical anxiety. Not to be confused with didominicaphobia, or kyriakephobia, fear of the Lord's Day.

Dimanchophobia is a mental condition created by modernism and industrialism. Dimanchophobes particularly dislike the period between Christmas and New Year's, when days of the week lose their significance and time blurs into a perpetual Sunday. Another way of expressing dimanchophobia might be "life in a world without calendars." A popular expression of this condition can be found in the pop song "Every Day is Like Sunday," by Morrissey, in which he describes walking on a beach after a nuclear way, when every day of the week now feels like Sunday.”
― Douglas Coupland

“I REMEMBER WHEN ALL THIS WILL BE AGAIN.”
― Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man

“We can no longer create the feeling of an era...of time being particular to one spot in time.”
― Douglas Coupland, Microserfs

“There was a sudden stillness like the gap between ticks on a clock, but the next tick never coming.”
― Sadie Jones, The Outcast

“But at my back I always hear
Time’s wingèd chariot hurrying near”
― Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress

“To begin with, I turn back time. I reverse it to that quaint period, the thirties, when the huge middle class of America was matriculating in a school for the blind. Their eyes had failed them, or they had failed their eyes, and so they were having their fingers pressed forcibly down on the fiery Braille alphabet of a dissolving economy.”
― Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie

“One way poetry connects is across time. . . . Some echo of a writer's physical experience comes into us when we read her poem.”
― Jane Hirshfield, Nine Gates: Entering the Mind of Poetry

“In a matter of a moment the amount of sand in the upper part of the hour-glass had dwindled dramatically, the tiny grains were rushing through the opening, each grain more eager to leave then the last, time is just like people, sometimes it’s all it can do to drag itself along, but at others, it runs like a deer and leaps like a young goat, which, when you think about it, is not saying much, since the cheetah is the fastest of all the animals, and yet it has never occurred to anyone to say of another person He runs and jumps like a cheetah, perhaps because that first comparison comes from the magical late middle ages, when gentlemen went deer-hunting and no one had ever seen a cheetah running or even heard of its existence. Languages are conservative, they always carry their archives with them and hate having to be updated.”
― Jose Saragamo, Seeing

“One of the seats of emotion and memory in the brain is the amygdala, he explained. When something threatens your life, this area seems to kick into overdrive, recording every last detail of the experience. The more detailed the memory, the longer the moment seems to last. "This explains why we think that time speeds up when we grow older," Eagleman said--why childhood summers seem to go on forever, while old age slips by while we’re dozing. The more familiar the world becomes, the less information your brain writes down, and the more quickly time seems to pass.”
― Burkhard Bilger

“Knowing you are alive is watching on every side your generation's short time falling away as fast as rivers drop through air, and feeling it hit.”
― Annie Dillard, An American Childhood

“The mind of man works with strangeness upon the body of time. An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length; on the other hand, an hour may be accurately represented by the timepiece of the mind by one second. This extraordinary discrepancy between time on the clock and time in the mind is less known than it should be, and deserves fuller investigation.”
― Virginia Woolf, Orlando

“Time erodes us all.”
― Meg Rosoff, What I Was

“Second half of the year starts NOW July 1st with the next 6 months being MORE important than the last 6 months. I Your Name promise to do all that I can to achieve my Goal . I will not sit on a corner wait I will seek my opportunity. I promise to go after my Goal with passion knowing that the clock is ticking… Sign and date”
― Pablo

“Time was a wave, almost cruel in its relentlessness as it whisked her life downstream, a life she had to constantly strain to keep from breaking apart.”
― Han Kang, The Vegetarian

“The steward, according to custom, had stopped all the clocks. This, in the language of Narouz, said, "Your stay with us is so brief, let us not be reminded of the flight of the hours. God made eternity. Let us escape from the despotism of time altogether." These ancient and hereditary politenesses filled Nessim with emotion.”
― Lawrence Durrell, Balthazar

“إن وقتنا على هذه الأرض مقدس ، وعلينا الاحتفاء بكل لحظة”
― Paulo Coelho, The Witch of Portobello

“There's no backward and no forward, no day other than this. You fill your cart as you go, and that's that.”
― John Burnham Schwartz, Northwest Corner

“Listen to the time as it can heal everything.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“TIME

Time
And how it slips through my fingers
Without putting its ring on them,

And I remain simply its lover”
― Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry

“Blood had long since ceased to beat from one end to the other, but one could sense, from passages marked with fresher traces of wheels and hooves, that once the meaning and even the very idea of a long journey was lost, sleep had not descended over it in one fell swoop: it had continued to steal a march here and there, in a discontinuous way, and over short distances, like a laborer who feels his cart jolt on a section of Roman road that crosses his field...”
― Julien Gracq

“The last thing the hockey ball symbolized was Time itself, the unstoppability of it, the way we're chained to our bodies, which are chained to Time.”
― Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex

“Asa had a sharp understanding of the future--that is, a time when this would be past. Time was rushing through and around him, he almost heard it whistling, and this awareness rounded the world somehow and made it sweet.”
― Susanna Kaysen, Asa, as I Knew Him

“At every single moment, the whole creation is beginning again, stretching the tent of the present moment to bursting. And the waves that push up through the oceans, and the waves that push up through the stars; and the waves that push upwards through history are the same waves that push up through us. And so we have to say yes to time, even though it means speeding forward into memory; forgetfulness; and oblivion. Say “no” to time; hold on to what you were or what she was; hold onto the past, even out of love... and I swear it will tear you to shreds. This universe will tear you to shreds.”
― Craig Wright, The Pavilion - Acting Edition

“And at the end of the night, they realized how important those little stars were, which they ignored while adoring the beauty of the moon whole night.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“L’arbre tombe feuille à feuille : si les hommes contemplaient chaque matin ce qu’ils ont perdu la veille, ils s’apercevraient bien de leur pauvreté.”
― Chateaubriand

“For love was a kind of folly, a losing game. The greatest of all Wastes of Time. But then, that depended on what you thought time was for.”
― Cassandra Golds, The Museum of Mary Child

“Loneliness always eats up time, fills on depression where hands move slow, to reach out for a moment of care.”
― Anthony Liccione

“Every day has a past. Every day has a tomorrow.”
― Amy Meyerson, The Bookshop of Yesterdays

“It was perhaps even more of a remarkable phenomenon for being so inconspicuous, so entirely understated. Nothing else had moved backwards, only time. There had been no Charlie Chaplin moments. No pile of broken dishes had reassembled themselves in a stack. No steps had been retraced, no events had repeated themselves, and no stretch of road had been the same. The sun had stayed still or had swung back and forth, and time had travelled backwards as though in a capsule apart from the rest of the world, while every earthly action it encompassed had unfolded with unstoppable forward momentum.”
― Panayotis Cacoyannis, Finger of an Angel

“I feel a resurgence of my 6-year-old self… that little warrior, goddess of a girl reminding me of who I was when I was little, before the world got its hands on me.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“I know that this process of ‘me changing my life’ doesn’t just end once I set fire to this list of things I hate about myself. Tonight isn’t as much of a new beginning as it is a violent end and I know the real work hasn’t even started yet.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“I’m going to follow this invisible red thread until I find myself again… until I finally figure out… who I’m meant to be.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“How quickly people changed, with their interests, their feelings. Well-made phrases replaced by well-made phrases, time is a flow of words coherent only in appearance, the one who piles up the most is the one who wins.”
― Elena Ferrante, The Story of a New Name

“I wanted to figure out why I was so busy, but I couldn't find the time to do it.”
― Todd Stocker

“Time is not a line but a dimension, like the dimensions of space. If you can bend space you can bend time also, and if you knew enough and could move faster than light you could travel backward in time and exist in two places at once.”
― Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye

“Gather ye rose-buds while ye may,
Old Time is still a-flying;
And this same flower that smiles today,
Tomorrow will be dying.”
― Robert Herrick

“Live, you say, in the present;
Live only in the present.

But I don’t want the present, I want reality;
I want things that exist, not time that measures them.

What is the present?
It’s something relative to the past and the future.
It’s a thing that exists in virtue of other things existing.
I only want reality, things without the present.

I don’t want to include time in my scheme.
I don’t want to think about things as present; I want to think of them as things.
I don’t want to separate them from themselves, treating them as present.

I shouldn’t even treat them as real.
I should treat them as nothing.

I should see them, only see them;
See them till I can’t think about them.

See them without time, without space,
To see, dispensing with everything but what you see.
And this is the science of seeing, which isn’t a science.”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“What a slut time is. She screws with everybody.”
― John Green

“No, not of course at all—it is really all hocus-pocus. The days lengthen in the winter-time, and when the longest comes, the twenty-first of June, the beginning of summer, they begin to go downhill again, toward winter. You call that ‘of course’; but if one once loses hold of the fact that it is of course, it is quite frightening, you feel like hanging on to something. It seems like a practical joke—that spring begins at the beginning of winter, and autumn at the beginning of summer. You feel you’re being fooled, led about in a circle, with your eye fixed on something that turns out to be a moving point. A moving point in a circle. For the circle consists of nothing but such transitional points without any extent whatever; the curvature is incommensurable, there is no duration of motion, and eternity turns out to be not ‘straight ahead’ but ‘merry-go-round’!”
― Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain

“I imagined I was God for a millisecond
And became speechless for a long time.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“There is something magical about the world at night. Sitting at the dining room table, sipping a glass of iced tea, I can totally understand why Dad gets up so early. Minutes seem to last longer when the rest of the world is asleep.”
― A.S. King, Everybody Sees the Ants

“We tend to forget that life can only be defined in the present tense.”
― Dennis Potter

“The feeling one has no time to get anything done provides the pressure that guarantees one does get some things done.”
― Alain de Botton

“Thus, though we cannot make our sun
Stand still, yet we will make him run.”
― Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress

“Jangan pernah menjaminkan rasa kepada waktu. Ia punya masa kedaluwarsanya.”
― Windy Ariestanty, Life Traveler

“Glossa

Time goes by, time comes along,
All is old and all is new;
What is right and what is wrong,
You must think and ask of you;
Have no hope and have no fear,
Waves that rise can never hold;
If they urge or if they cheer,
You remain aloof and cold.

To our sight a lot will glisten,
Many sounds will reach our ear;
Who could take the time to listen
And remember all we hear?
Keep aside from all that patter,
Seek yourself, far from the throng
When with loud and idle clatter
Time goes by, time comes along.

Nor forget the tongue of reason
Or its even scales depress
When the moment, changing season,
Wears the mask of happiness -
It is born of reason's slumber
And may last a wink as true:
For the one who knows its number
All is old and all is new.

Be as to a play, spectator,
As the world unfolds before:
You will know the heart of matter
Should they act two parts or four;
When they cry or tear asunder
From your seat enjoy along
And you'll learn from art to wonder
What is right and what is wrong.

Past and future, ever blending,
Are the twin sides of same page:
New start will begin with ending
When you know to learn from age;
All that was or be tomorrow
We have in the present, too;
But what's vain and futile sorrow
You must think and ask of you;


For the living cannot sever
From the means we've always had:
Now, as years ago, and ever,
Men are happy or are sad:
Other masks, same play repeated;
Diff'rent tongues, same words to hear;
Of your dreams so often cheated,
Have no hope and have no fear.

Hope not when the villains cluster
By success and glory drawn:
Fools with perfect lack of luster
Will outshine Hyperion!
Fear it not, they'll push each other
To reach higher in the fold,
Do not side with them as brother,
Waves that rise can never hold.

Sounds of siren songs call steady
Toward golden nets, astray;
Life attracts you into eddies
To change actors in the play;
Steal aside from crowd and bustle,
Do not look, seem not to hear
From your path, away from hustle,
If they urge or if they cheer;

If they reach for you, go faster,
Hold your tongue when slanders yell;
Your advice they cannot master,
Don't you know their measure well?
Let them talk and let them chatter,
Let all go past, young and old;
Unattached to man or matter,
You remain aloof and cold.

You remain aloof and cold
If they urge or if they cheer;
Waves that rise can never hold,
Have no hope and have no fear;
You must think and ask of you
What is right and what is wrong;
All is old and all is new,
Time goes by, time comes along.”
― Mihai Eminescu, Poems

“We often hear about stepping outside ourselves, but rarely about stepping outside our generation.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“It has never been easy for me to understand the obliteration of time, to accept, as others seem to do, the swelling and corresponding shrinkage of seasons or the conscious acceptance that one year has ended and another begun. There is something here that speaks of our essential helplessness and how the greater substance of our lives is bound up with waste and opacity... How can so much time hold so little, how can it be taken from us? Months, weeks, days, hours misplaced – and the most precious time of life, too, when our bodies are at their greatest strength, and open, as they never will be again, to the onslaught of sensation.”
― Carol Shields, The Stone Diaries

“When someone is young, he is not capable of conceiving of time as a circle, but thinks of it as a road leading forward to ever-new horizons; he does not yet sense that his life contains just a single theme; he will come to realise it only when his life begins to enact its first variations.”
― Milan Kundera, Immortality

“Sonnet 65

Since brass, nor stone, nor earth, nor boundless sea
But sad mortality o’ersways their power,
How with this rage shall beauty hold a plea,
Whose action is no stronger than a flower?
O! how shall summer’s honey breath hold out
Against the wrackful siege of battering days,
When rocks impregnable are not so stout,
Nor gates of steel so strong, but Time decays?
O fearful meditation! where, alack,
Shall Time’s best jewel from Time’s chest lie hid?
Or what strong hand can hold his swift foot back?
Or who his spoil of beauty can forbid?
O! none, unless this miracle have might,
That in black ink my love may still shine bright.”
― William Shakespeare, Sonnets

“How is the duration of a relationship relative to what those involved in it feel?”
― Sreesha Divakaran, A Little Chorus of Love

“I'm convinced that not all units of time are equal.”
― Crystal Woods, Better to be able to love than to be loveable

“She had learned, in her life, that time lived inside you. You are time, you breathe time, though she hadn't understood why... Now she held inside her a cacophony of times and lately it drowned out the world.”
― David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle

“You need to assess yourself on a yearly basis and see how far you have gone and what you still need to work on”
― Sunday Adelaja

“I give it (grandfather's watch) to you not that you may remember time, but that you might forget it now and then for a moment and not spend all your breath trying to conquer it.”
― William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury

“You must always overcome your comfort zone”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Rare and precious moments, how I long to live with you eternally! If only your sweetness never ceased to touch my lips, and the flutters you evoke nevermore faded away. I dream of your arm extended immeasurably to keep hold of my reaching hand.
But Father Time, being a cruel master, will not grant such a wish.
And so I tuck you away as cherished memories, stored in a treasure box buried in my heart. And in times of solitude, I shall bring you out to view like rainbows.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes

“You only have as much time as you think you do. Start telling yourself you have enough time.”
― Leticia Rae

“We are unable to discount the hypotheses that the world began three years ago.”
― Nagaru Tanigawa, The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya

“She understands now what she, in all her worry, had forgotten. That even as she hesitates and wavers, even as she thinks too much and moves too cautiously, she doesn't always have to get it right. It's okay to look back, even as you move forward.”
― Jennifer E. Smith, The Comeback Season

“Only with time do we really learn who the other person is and come to love the person for him- or herself and not just for the feelings and experiences they give us.”
― Timothy Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God

“Time does not pass, it continues”
― Marty Rubin

“The question 'What was there before creation?' is meaningless. Time is a property of creation, therefore before creation there was no before creation.”
― Glen Duncan, I, Lucifer

“For all the compasses in the world, there's only one direction, and time is its only measure.”
― Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead

“Not the intense moment
Isolated, with no before and after,
But a lifetime burning in every moment.”
― T. S. Eliot

“They keep track of time. Sometimes things happen and you feel that you need to mark them down.”
― Scott O'Connor, Untouchable

“Follow your heart, Ithilnin," Albirich repeated. "Time is precious. Don't waste it living someone else's life.”
― Jess C. Scott, The Darker Side of Life

“Four days will quickly steep themselves in nights;
Four nights will quickly dream away the time.”
― William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream

“He told me that from now on, everything I did and everything he did was of the utmost importance: any word spoken, the slightest gesture, would take on a meaning, and everything that happened between us would change us continually. 'For that reason,'he said,'I wish I were able to suspend time at this moment and keep things exactly at this point, because I feel this instant is a true beginning. We have a definite but unknown quantity of experience at our disposal. As soon as the hourglass is turned, the sand will begin to run out and once it starts, it cannot stop until it's all gone. That's why I wish I could hold it back at the start. We should make a minimum of gestures, pronounce a minimum of words, even see each other as seldom as possible, if that would prolong things. We don't know how much of everything we have ahead of us so we have to take the greatest precautions not to destroy the beauty of what we have. Everything exists in limited quantity-especially happiness. If a love is to come into being, it is all written down somewhere, and also its duration and content. If you could arrive at the complete intensity the first day, it would be ended the first day. And so if it's something you want so much that you'd like to have it prolonged in time, you must be extremely careful not to make the slightest excessive demand that might prevent it from developing to the greatest extent over the longest period...If the wings of the butterfly are to keep their sheen, you mustn't touch them. We mustn't abuse something which is to bring light into both our lives. Everything else in my life only weighs me down and shuts out the light. This thing wih you seems like a window that is opening up. I want it to remain open...”
― Francoise Gilot, Life with Picasso

“To world enough and time.”
― Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife

“They say you can't stop time, that it is a constant and waits for no one. The're wrong. Time slows when you want it to speed up. It goes too Fast when you're having fun. And it stops. It stops dead in its tracks, when the unthinkable occurs. Time is not neutral, it makes no sence, and it bears no logic. It has nothing to do with nature or fairness or physics. Time is cruel. And its as simple as that.”
― Heather Killough-Walden

“You see," he continued, beginning to feel better, "once there was no time at all, and people found it very inconvenient. They never knew wether they were eating lunch or dinner, and they were always missing trains. So time was invented to help them keep track of the day and get to places where they should. When they began to count all the time that was available, what with 60 seconds in a minute and 60 minutes in an hour and 24 hours in a day and 365 days in a year, it seemed as if there was much more than could ever be used. 'If there's so much of it, it couldn't be very valuable,' was the general opinion, and it soon fell into dispute. People wasted it and even gave it away. Then we were giving the job of seeing that no one wasted time again," he said, sitting up proudly. "It's hard work but a noble calling. For you see"- and now he was standing on the seat, one foot on the windshield, shouting with his ams outstretched- "it is our most valuable possession, more precious than diamonds. It marches on, it and tide wait for no man, and-"
At that point in the speech the car hit a bump in the road and the watchdog collapsed in a heap on the front seat with his alarm ringing furiously.”
― Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth

“And sometimes in life, I imagine, good things do happen. Most of the time, it's the opposite, obviously. But I don't think you should rule out the possibility that just occasionally chance might deal you a good card.”
― Sebastian Faulks, Engleby

“The distance of a voice, is only a short time away from touch.”
― Anthony Liccione

“It has been raining here for ten years.I keep an accurate record of time and can state this with no fear of contradiction.”
― Alastair Bruce, Wall Of Days

“If I could, I would live forever in this moment. But no one can live in a moment, and time moves on.”
― Elora Bishop, Braided: A Lesbian Rapunzel

“One of the surprises of her unoccupied state was the discovery that time, when it is left to itself and no definite demands are made on it, cannot be trusted to move at any recognized pace. Usually it loiters; but just when one has come to count upon its slowness, it may suddenly break into a wild irrational gallop.”
― Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth

“Story is metaphor for life and life is lived in time.”
― Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting

“I guess time doesn't flow in order, does it - A, B, C, D? It just sort of goes where it feels like going.”
― Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle

“I was thinking not very long ago about the difference between the people we "grew up" with vs. the people we're "growing old" with - not always being one and the same - and how time (and the memories we forge together) really does strengthen pretty much all of our relationships/friendships (whether they had started on the right foot or not). And I guess what I've mostly learned (by moving to NZ especially) is that the more Significant people you have in your life, the more 'manageable' the idea of loss, losing a loved-one, can become - not because you can replace them (obviously you can't) or because they're interchangeable (no one is), but because like a foundation to a house the more pillars you have (people you love) holding it up (loving you) the more solid/resilient you become - and from there, I find you're better equipped to overcome whatever life throws your way. That said time does pass us by very quickly. I find it much more noticeable through our growing kids than ever before.”
― Kim Dallmeier

“We move through time like a man in a rowboat, looking back even as we move forward.”
― William Landay, Mission Flats

“... Now to die of grief
would mean, I'm afraid, to die
belatedly, while latecomers
are unwelcome, particularly in the future. ...”
― Joseph Brodsky, So Forth: Poems

“Time does nothing but hand you down shabbier and older things.”
― Aleksandar Hemon, Love and Obstacles

“Sometimes waiting is the hardest thing.”
― Dean Koontz, Chase

“The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.”
― Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life

“They won't be a right be a right time, Thea, it doesn't exist. Just get it over with”
― Catherine Greenman, Hooked

“The unreality of the past weeks lifted like a fog, but its residue remained. All of the past is like that, but most especially the parts that are out of the ordinary.”
― Madeline Claire Franklin, The Poppet and the Lune

“It would mark the end of a year that he might look back on as hands, a pivot between two lines. Or not: maybe enough time, would pass that eventually he would look back on his life, all of it, as a series of events both logical and continuous.”
― Nicole Krauss, Man Walks Into a Room

“Who said, 'All Time's delight
Hath she for narrow bed;
Life's troubled bubble broken'? ---
That's what I said.”
― Walter de la Mare, Peacock Pie

“But what is the past? Could it be, the firmness of the past is just illusion? Could the past be a kaleidoscope, a pattern of images that shift with each disturbance of a sudden breeze, a laugh, a thought? And if the shift is everywhere, how would we know?”
― Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams

“Things can harden meaningfully in the moment of indecision”
― John Ashbery, Self-Portrait in a Convex Mirror

“Time (again, Time) like the soul, wears many faces, many bodies and climates and attitudes. The past is one face, the present a second and the future yet another.”
― Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love

“There are some things which cannot be learned quickly, and time, which is all we have, must be paid heavily for their acquiring. They are the very simplest things and because it takes a man's life to know them the little that each man gets from life is very costly and the only heritage he has to leave.”
― Ernest Hemingway, American Lit for Idiots - a one act play

“O Space and Time and stars at strife,
How dreadful your infinity!
Shrined by your termless trinity,
How strange, how terrible, is life!
(“The Testimony of the Suns”)”
― George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror

“Time in itself, absolutely, does not exist; it is always relative to some observer or some object. Without a clock I say 'I do not know the time' . Without matter time itself is unknowable. Time is a function of matter; and matter therefore is the clock that makes infinity real.”
― John Fowles, Áristos

“She is nine, beloved, as open-faced as the sky and as self-contained. I have watched her grow. As recently as three or four years ago, she had a young child's perfectly shallow receptiveness; she fitted into the world of time, it fitted into her, as thoughtlessly as sky fits its edges, or a river its banks. But as she has grown, her smile has widened with a touch of fear and her glance has taken on depth. Now she is aware of some of the losses you incur by being here--the extortionary rent you have to pay as long as you stay.”
― Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters

“How can I stand before you in silent symbols with open palms?”
― Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet

“One sin seldom mentioned is that of killing time.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“The sand in the hourglass runs from one compartment to the other, marking the passage of moments with something constant and tangible.

If you watch the flowing sand, you might see time itself riding the granules.

Contrary to popular opinion, time is not an old white-haired man, but a laughing child.

And time sings.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“The next visit I paid to Nancy Brown was in the second week in March: for, though I had many spare minutes during the day, I seldom could look upon an hour as entirely my own; since, when everything was left to the caprices of Miss Matilda and her sister, there could be no order or regularity. Whatever occupation I chose, when not actually busied about them or their concerns, I had, as it were, to keep my loins girded, my shoes on my feet, and my staff in my hand; for not to be immediately forthcoming when called for, was regarded as a grave and inexcusable offence: not only by my pupils and their mother, but by the very servant, who came in breathless haste to call me, exclaiming 'You're to go to the school-room directly, mum- the young ladies is WAITING!!' Climax of horror! actually waiting for their governess!!!”
― Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey

“One of the schools in Tlön has reached the point of denying time. It reasons that the present is undefined, that the future has no other reality than as present hope, that the past is no more than present memory.”
― Jorges Luis Borges

“No, what numbed these fields, peopled with bad dreams was not the oppressive grip of a plague but rather an ailing retreat, a sort of sad widowhood. Man had started to subdue these vacant expanses, then had grown weary of eating into it, and now even the desire to preserve what had been claimed had perished. He had established everywhere an ebb, a sorrowful withdrawal. His cuttings into the forest, which were seen at long intervals, had lost their hard edges, their distinct notches: now a thick brushwood had driven its sabbath into the broad daylight of the glades, hiding the naked trunks as high as their lowest branches.”
― Julien Gracq

“To wit: actions, like sounds, divide the flow of time into beats.[...]The quality of a man's life depends on the rhyhmic structure he is able to impose upon the input and output of energy.”
― Tom Robbins, Another Roadside Attraction

“إن التقاعد هو الوقت الذي ينبغي ملؤه بمشاريع”
― الطاهر بن جلون, البلد

“There are many problems which could only
be solved by generations which are still to be
born later. It's only one way of many how God
gives answers to human problems and prayers.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“And if you don't find what you're looking for?"
At Roy's question Addie looked up.
"Then all I've lost is time.”
― Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls

“She felt her future close upon her but unseen, like the sea behind the blowing veil of snow... She would follow Llyr's advice and face it a little every day...Day by day, step by step life would go forward. Eventually, the veil would lift, the cold would yield to the sun's warmth, and the world would be reborn. This dark time would pass.”
― Nancy McKenzie, Guinevere's Gamble

“And why does he talk so funny? Doesn't he mean squashed tomatoes?

I don't think that they had tomatoes when he comes from, said Bod. And that's just how they talk then.”
― Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book

“It was well said—by Jean Tarrou in The Plague, I think—that attendance at lectures in an unknown language will help to hone one's awareness of the exceedingly slow passage of time. I once had the experience of being 'waterboarded' and can now dimly appreciate how much every second counts in the experience of the torture victim, forced to go on enduring what is unendurable.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“The full moon symbol on my calendar no longer seemed to be a period marking the end of something, but just another way of counting time.”
― Charlaine Harris, Dead as a Doornail

“Money and time are the heaviest burdens of life . . . the unhappiest of all mortals are those who have more of either than they know how to use.”
― Samuel Johnson

“Time = Life, Therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.”
― Alan Lakein

“There's no present left. This is the problem for a novelist. [The problem] is the present is gone. We're all living in the future constantly . . . Back in the day Leo Tolstoy -- what a sweetheart of a count and of a writer -- in the 1860's he wanted to write about the Napoleonic Campaign, about 1812. If you write about 1812 in 1860, a horse is still a horse. A carriage is still a carriage. Obviously, there are been some technological advancements, et cetera, but you don't have to worry about explaining the next killer [iPhone] app or the next Facebook because right now things are happening so quickly. ("Gary Shteyngart: Finding 'Love' In A Dismal Future", NPR interview, August 2, 2010)”
― Gary Shteyngart

“If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.”
― Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme

“The past embraces the future
The future embraces the past
They are both intertwined
Linked in all eternity”
― Karen Hackel, The Whisper of Your Soul

“Time and death: It's the ultimate vision of an artist at the end of everything. It's just what's there. It was not something I planned to do.”
― Don DeLillo

“It's the right idea, but not the right time.”
― John Dalton

“Two months in Shanghai, and what does she have to show for herself? She had been full of plans on the plane ride over, had studied her phrase book as if cramming for an exam, had been determined to refine her computational model with a new set of data, expecting insights and breakthroughs, plotting notes for a new article. Only the time has trickled away so quickly. She has meandered through the days chatting with James instead of gathering data. At night, she has gone out to dinners and bars. [James'] Chinese has not improved; her computational model has barely been touched. She does not know what she has been doing with herself, and now an airplane six days away is waiting for her.”
― Ruiyan Xu, The Lost and Forgotten Languages of Shanghai

“The friend of time doesn't spend all day saying: 'I haven't got time.' He doesn't fight with time. He accepts it and cherishes it.”
― Jean Vanier, Community And Growth

“When I do count the clock that tells the time,
And see the brave day sunk in hideous night;
When I behold the violet past prime,
And sable curls all silver'd o'er with white;
When lofty trees I see barren of leaves
Which erst from heat did canopy the herd,
And summer's green all girded up in sheaves
Borne on the bier with white and bristly beard,
Then of thy beauty do I question make,
That thou among the wastes of time must go,
Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake
And die as fast as they see others grow;
And nothing 'gainst Time's scythe can make defence
Save breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence.”
― William Shakespeare, Sonnets

“Alice sighed wearily. `I think you might do something better with the time,' she said, `than waste it in asking riddles that have no answers.'

`If you knew Time as well as I do,' said the Hatter, `you wouldn't talk about wasting it. It's him.'

`I don't know what you mean,' said Alice.

`Of course you don't!' the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously. `I dare say you never even spoke to Time!'

`Perhaps not,' Alice cautiously replied: `but I know I have to beat time when I learn music.'

`Ah! that accounts for it,' said the Hatter. `He won't stand beating. Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he'd do almost anything you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o'clock in the morning, just time to begin lessons: you'd only have to whisper a hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one, time for dinner!”
― Lewis Carroll

“Often, beyond the next turning, footfalls of a herd galloping across stone were heard, or further in the distance, with reassuring grunts, a wild boar could be seen, trotting with steady stride along the edge of the road with her sow and a whole procession of young in tow. And then one's heart beat faster upon advancing a little into the subtle light: one might have said that the path had suddenly become wild, thick with grass, its dark paving-slabs engulfed by nettles, blackthorn and sloe, so that it mingled up time past rather than crossing country-side, and perhaps it was going to issue forth, in the chiaroscuro of thicket smelling of moistened down and fresh grass, into one of those glades where animals spoke to men.”
― Julien Gracq

“It was a fossilized path: the will which had cut this gash out of these solitary places so that the blood and sap would flow there was long since dead - and dead too were the circumstances which had guided this will. A whitish and indurated scar remained, gradually gnawed away by the earth like a flesh that heals itself, yet its direction was still vaguely cut into the horizon; a language and crepuscular sign rather than a way forward - a worn-out lifeline which still vegetated through the fallow land as it does on the palm of a hand. It was so old that, since it had been constructed, the very configuration of the land must have changed imperceptibly.”
― Julien Gracq

“I suffered most from the feeling that custom was daily petrifying our lives into one fixed shape, that our minds were losing their freedom and becoming enslaved to the steady passionless course of time.”
― Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness

“Because we believe that one moment is more or less like the next, we lose touch with the essential urgency of the present, the fact that each passing moment is the one moment for the practice of freedom.”
― Robert Grudin, Time and the Art of Living

“In this marvelous dispensation of the fulness of times, our opportunities to give of ourselves are indeed limitless, but they are also perishable.”
― Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson

“For when I trace back the years I have liv'd, gathering them up in my Memory, I see what a chequer'd Work Of Nature my life has been. If I were now to inscribe my own History with its unparalleled Sufferings and surprizing Adventures (as the Booksellers might indite it), I know that the great Part of the World would not believe the Passages there related, by reason of the Strangeness of them, but I cannot help their Unbelief; and if the Reader considers them to be but dark Conceits, then let him bethink himself that Humane life is quite out of the Light and that we are all Creatures of Darknesse.”
― Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor

“If time is money and you wasted my time, then give me back my money!”
― Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land

“Friendships - and indeed most relationships - are measured in the closeness of hearts,
minds and soul ties... not in the distance of physical miles or even the passing of time.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“I spur my horse past the ruined city;
the ruined city, that wakes the traveler's thoughts:
ancient battlements, high and low;
old grave mounds, great and small.

Where the shadow of a single tumbleweed trembles
and the voice of the great trees clings forever,
I sigh over all these common bones --
No roll of the immortals bears their names.”
― Han-shan

“why do we personify time? Is it because we’re afraid to admit that our lives are measured by an abstract force that neither knows nor cares about our entry into existence? Or our departure into death? Time is our mysterious master giving it a face and hands we attempt to transform it into our servant.”
― Robert Bloch

“Since words elude me when I need them most, I learned long ago that I cannot count on QUALITY time with God when I want to pray. I need QUANTITY and regularity. Quality is not something I can predict. My husband, Andy, and I might schedule an elaborate evening out with candles and a gourmet meal, but there is no guarantee that we'll have a wonderful time together -- chopping onions peppers die by side in the kitchen, reading together on the couch, sitting on the front step watching our sons ride bikes, and making plans for our life together. ”
― Sybil MacBeth, Praying in Color: Drawing a New Path to God

“Money is time. With money I buy for cheerful use the hours which otherwise would not in any sense be mine; nay, which would make me their miserable bondsman.”
― George Gissing

“The future toyed with us, it was up to us to try to enjoy the game. But not everyone liked the game or they weren't given the tools to play.”
― Carrie Adams, The Godmother

“We all of us complain of the shortness of time, saith Seneca, and yet have much more than we know what to do with. Our lives, says he, are spent either in doing nothing at all, or in doing nothing to the purpose, or in doing nothing that we ought to do: we are always complaining our days are few, and acting as though there would no end of them."- On the Right Use of Time”
― Joseph Addison

“Now we realize that time is our most valuable resource, and every minute we spend in one of these meetings just sitting there is time wasted.”
― Blake Ross

“struck by the pain of the ice and the rage of the water below that was forced to make room for the huge piece of frozen time, the glacier, trapped in a solid state for centuries, melting into the ocean and becoming one with its future. She feels small and insignificant in the face of such a display of nature.”
― Garth Stein

“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
― Roy Bennett

“Joblessness is a time for reflection”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Time neither flies nor sleeps. It is flexible, plastic, ever changing. Spend two hours watching a movie curled up with your lover and time ceases to exist. Spend two hours waiting for your lover to come and time is the iron bars of a prison”
― Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love

“You must always be proactive”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You can never know who you really are or what you can do until you discover yourself”
― Sunday Adelaja

“I listened to time clicking like hooves on pavement. But time isn't something you can rein in. It moves on without pause, taking us with it no matter how much we wish it otherwise.”
― Ron Rash, Saints at the River

“A job shouldn’t be a mean of existence but rather, a means of sustenance”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You must add value to yourself to be relevant”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Time passes way too slow when you're waiting for the unknown”
― Donna VanLiere, The Good Dream

“Only is a bird doesn't swim in the ocean but flies in the air can it enter the ocean from above; only because God is not temporal can he enter into time.”
― Peter Kreeft, Pocket Handbook of Christian Apologetics

“And further, God should not be regarded as older than His creations by any period of time, but rather by the peculiar property of His own single nature. For the infinite changing of temporal things tries to imitate the ever simultaneously present immutability of His life: it cannot succeed in imitating or equalling this, but sinks from immutability into change, and falls from the single directness of the present into an infinite space of future and past. And since this temporal state cannot possess its life completely and simultaneously, but it does, in the same manner, exist forever without ceasing, it therefore seems to try in some degree to rival that which it cannot fulfill or represent, for it binds itself to some sort of present time out of this small and fleeting moment; but inasmuch as this temporal present bears a certain appearance of that abiding present, it somehow
makes those, to whom it comes, seem to be in truth what they imitate. But since this imitation could not be abiding, the unending march of time has swept it away, and thus we find that it has bound together, as it passes, a chain of life, which it could not by abiding embrace in its fullness. And thus if we would apply proper epithets to those subjects, we can say, following Plato, that God is eternal, but the universe is continual.”
― Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy

“If there had been a clock in the room, it would have stopped. Occasionally, there are minutes that get extra seconds. Moments so precious the universe stretches to make additional room for them, and this was one of them. People don't get pauses like these very often. Some people never receive them at all.”
― Stephanie Garber, Excerpt: Finale

“If ever I was running, it was towards you.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“I love him in ways that I can’t explain to other people. They don’t understand… it’s not their fault.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“I really believe that there is an invisible red thread tied between him and me, and that it has stretched and tangled for years — across oceans and lifetimes. I know that it won’t break because our souls are tied.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“I could watch him do this until morning — never asking questions and never interrupting his work. I worship quietly — his intense focus and attention to detail and then, out of no where, I realize the inconvenient, inappropriate truth: ‘I love this man… and it has swallowed me.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“I just want your voice aimed at me again. I want to absorb the direction of your eyes…”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“Everything hurts right now and nothing is helping because as the pain is getting worse — so is the love.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“If you have time to whine then you have time to find solution.”
― Dee Dee Artner

“Don't interpret anything too much. This is time waster number 1.”
― Dee Dee Artner

“Accidents are not accidents but precise arrivals at the wrong right time.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“I want you to trust yourself, baby. Love is all that matters and you’ve always known that. You’ve known, since you were a very little girl, what your life is meant to be about…”
― Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl

“The world is on fire; time is a bomb.
Ten thousand years are not enough
When so much remains to be done”
― Jeet Thayil, Narcopolis

“Keep the faith. The vision is always for the appointed time. Be patient, prayerful and wait for the fulfillment of your visions.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Never waste time for someone who doesn’t bother to spend time with you, but with someone who will say, time is wasted if I’m not with you.”
― M. Ganesh Sai

“There are those of us who learn to live completely in the moment. For such people the Past vanishes and the future loses meaning. There is only the Present, which means that two of the three Aalim are surplus to requirements. And then there are those of us who are trapped in yesterdays, in the memory of a lost love, or a childhood home, or a dreadful crime. And some people live only for a better tomorrow; for them the past ceases to exist”
― Salaman Rushdie

“Many were the steps taken in doubt, that saw their shapeless ends in no time. Those who travail in faith today will truimph in joy tomorrow. Let faith lead the way.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“Why did they go away, do you think? If there ever were such things."
"Who knows? Times change. Would you call this age a good one for unicorns?"
"No, but I wonder if any man before us ever thought his time a good time for unicorns.”
― Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn

“Three things you cannot recover in life: the WORD after it’s said, the MOMENT after it’s missed and the TIME after it’s gone. Now you know.”
― Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics

“Art is long, and Time is fleeting,
And our hearts, though stout and brave,
Still, like muffled drums, are beating
Funeral marches to the grave.”
― Longfellow, Voices of the Night

“Bohr's standpoint, that a space-time description is impossible, I reject a limine. Physics does not consist only of atomic research, science does not consist only of physics, and life does not consist only of science. The aim of atomic research is to fit our empirical knowledge concerning it into our other thinking. All of this other thinking, so far as it concerns the outer world, is active in space and time. If it cannot be fitted into space and time, then it fails in its whole aim and one does not know what purpose it really serves.”
― Erwin Schrödinger

“Back then we gave it our all, we neither lied nor made mistakes, we didn't fail and didn't do anything wrong.
It's just that...TIME has passed and changed it all.”
― Yuuki Obata, We Were There, Vol. 1

“There is nothing more powerful than truth. It is undeniable and should always be appreciated. The truth gives you unlimited freedom to be who you are and express how you feel. The truth offers you peace of mind which is something we all love.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana

“Time is denial's mortal enemy and is always victorious against it.”
― Chris Dietzel, The Hauntings of Playing God

“...the passage of time, which transformed the volatile present into that finished, unalterable painting called the past, a canvas man always executed blindly, with erratic brushstrokes that only made sense when one stepped far enough away from it to be able to admire it as a whole. -pg. 19”
― Felix Palma

“Maybe what River had meant was that time itself was like a river, moving steadily forward, and you got to be in a new river every day, every hour. All my life I'd felt like a lake. A lake where everyhting was contained, forever. All my experiences, all the different people I'd been, everything I'd had, everything I'd lost...I carried them around with me, all the time”
― Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved

“It's weird how I am constantly surprised by the passage of time when it's literally the most predictable thing in the Universe.”
― Randall Munroe

“There are times that one treasures for all one's life, and such times are burned clearly and sharply on the material of total recall. I felt very fortunate that morning.”
― John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley and Later Novels 1947–1962: The Wayward Bus / Burning Bright / Sweet Thursday / The Winter of Our Discontent / Travels with Charley in Search of America

“A warrior of the Light is never in a hurry.

Time works in his favor; he learns to master his impatience and avoids acting without thinking.”
― Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light

“I used to think I had all the time in the world to do everything I wanted. But what's the use of having all the time in the world if you're always wasting it on things that don't mean a thing?”
― Mike Gayle, Dinner for Two

“Money should not dictate how I live my life..
I must take charge and become the master of money, so that I decide what I want to do with my time.”
― Manoj Arora

“What a slut time is. She screws everybody...”
― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars

“The idea of the future, pregnant with an infinity of possibilities, is thus more fruitful than the future itself, and this is why we find more charm in hope than in possession, in dreams than in reality.”
― Henri Bergson, Time and Free Will

“It is early, early morning. It's that time when it's still dark but you know the day is coming. Blue is bleeding through black. Stars are dying.”
― Markus Zusak, Underdog

“No matter how happy I had been in the past I do not long for it. The present is always the moment for which I love.”
― Jamaica Kincaid, The Autobiography of My Mother

“The tree was so old, and stood there so alone, that his childish heart had been filled with compassion; if no one else on the farm gave it a thought, he would at least do his best to, even though he suspected that his child's words and child's deeds didn't make much difference. It had stood there before he was born, and would be standing there after he was dead, but perhaps, even so, it was pleased that he stroked its bark every time he passed, and sometimes, when he was sure he wasn't observed, even pressed his cheek against it.”
― Karl Ove Knausgård, A Time for Everything

“You put your time where your priority is.”
― Sebastian Faulks, Engleby

“Our names were made for us in another century.”
― Richard Brautigan

“Time eventually positions most photographs, even the most amateurish, at the level of art.”
― Susan Sontag

“Max had once read in one of his father's books that some childhood images become engraved in the mind like photographs, like scenes you can return to again and again and will always remember, no matter how much time goes by.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Prince of Mist

“When we mourn those who die young – those who have been robbed of time – we weep for lost joys. We weep for opportunities and pleasure we ourselves have never known. We feel sure that somehow that young body would have known the yearning delight for which we searched in vain all our lives. We believe that the untried soul, trapped in its young prison, might have flown free and known the joy that we still seek.”
― Josephine Hart, Damage

“The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“The passage of time will usually extract the venom of most things and render them harmless”
― Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle

“Having come to the conclusion that there was so much to do that she didn’t know where to start, Mrs Fowler decided not to start at all. She went to the library, took Diary of a Nobody from the shelves and, returning to her wicker chair under the lime tree, settled down to waste what precious hours still remained of the day.”
― Richmal Crompton, Family Roundabout

“What will happen will happen. There is time for miracles until there is no more time, but time has no end.”
― Dean Koontz, Velocity

“Time itself made all things rare.”
― Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin

“All you have to do is choose the right day, the right weather, and you come upon a hidden place in the morning light where time stopped long before you were born”
― John Burnside, A Summer of Drowning

“My own eyes try to sleep, but they don't. They stay wide awake as time snarls forward and silence drops down, like measured thought.”
― Markus Zusak, Underdog

“It was almost a mystical experience. I do not know how else to put it. My mind outran time as he neared, and it was as though I had an eternity to ponder the approach of this man who was my brother. His garments were filthy, his face blackened, the stump of his right arm raised, gesturing anywhere. The great beast that he rode was striped, black and red, with a wild red mane and tail. But it really was a horse, and its eyes rolled and there was foam at its mouth and its breathing was painful to hear. I saw then that he wore his blade slung across his back, for its haft protruded high above his right shoulder. Still slowing, eyes fixed upon me, he departed the road, bearing slightly toward my left, jerked the reins once and released them, keeping control of the horse with his knees. His left hand went up in a salute-like movement that passed above his head and seized the hilt of his weapon. It came free without a sound, describing a beautiful arc above him and coming to rest in a lethal position out from his left shoulder and slanting back, like a single wing of dull steel with a minuscule line of edge that gleamed like a filament of mirror. The picture he presented was burned into my mind with a kind of magnificence, a certain splendor that was strangely moving. The blade was a long, scythe like affair that I had seen him use before. Only then we had stood as allies against a mutual foe I had begun to believe unbeatable. Benedict had proved otherwise that night. Now that I saw it raised against me I was overwhelmed with a sense of my own mortality, which I had never experienced before in this fashion. It was as though a layer had been stripped from the world and I had a sudden, full understanding of death itself.”
― Roger Zelazny, The Guns of Avalon

“Without space, there is no time.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“I am talking to you, but the moment I am talking to you, the universe is being created and destroyed.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

“The hours here are flat and round, disks of gray layered one on top of the other...they move slowly, at a grind, until it seems as though they are not moving at all. They are just pressing down...”
― Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium

“Time: old cold time, old sorrow, settling down in layers like silt in a pond.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin

“Time takes no holiday. It does not roll idly by, but through our senses works its own wonders in the mind. Time came and went from one day to the next; in its coming and its passing it brought me other hopes and other memories. [quoted in Peter Brown, Augustine of Hippo, p. 54]”
― Augustine of Hippo , Confessions

“We may be living past and future lives at the same time we are living this one.”
― Doug Dillon

“I always wanted to know what it is right. Maybe we know each other from time immemorial, if you know that in you is the eternal energy of goodness, which is most important for you.”
― Gregor Golob

“What was the constant?
Movement. Yes. With time there was always movement. The setting sun. The dripping water. The
pendulums. The spilling sand. To realize his destiny, such movement had to cease. He had to stop the flow
of time completely …”
― Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper

“Time.

For some it was a great healer, the ultimate fixer of bad break-ups, shake-ups, and heartache…

For others, Time was an insidious stealer of all things they want most in life, stripping it away from them by sneakily changing the rules of obtaining it… For all the joyful wishes and hopeful desires held near and dear to our hearts, Time was the one element most likely to keep it from our reach.

To me, Time was all of these, and none. Time simply is. It’s the framework in which we play out the games of our lives, but the secret is not to control it. It is not to master it. It is simply to learn to exist fully within the moment, to be aware of every facet of our being, and to wring every ounce of joy from it. Perhaps we were our own thieves, lamenting the absence of even a spare moment to enjoy life, when all it really takes is to stop the complaints, take the moment firmly in hand, and make it our own. Because the secret is that Time passes, and if you let it, it will leave you in its wake, aching with every beat of your heart and in every fiber of your being for what you have missed.”
― Madelyn Alt, A Witch in Time

“Las personas con un alto nivel de tolerancia al aburrimiento tienen tiempo de sobra para pensar.”
― Stephen King

“Time is like a barber, it shears you first and then shows you your own face in the mirror. (Marrying Nusrat)”
― Manjul Bajaj, Another Man's Wife and Other Stories

“Vrijeme je možda najvrednija stvar koju svaki čovjek posjeduje,ali to je vrlo teško shvatiti kada prolazi sporo.Mnogo ga je lakše smatrati dragocjenim kada leti i brzo izmiče.”
― Mahbod Seraji, Rooftops of Tehran

“Vrijeme se vrti oko nas premda se čini kako smo mi podređeni vrtnjama Vremena.”
― Jasna Horvat, Bizarij

“The tiny Lilliputians surmise that Gulliver's watch may be his god, because it is that which, he admits, he seldom does anything without consulting.”
― Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels

“Between Ennui and Ecstasy unwinds our whole experience of time.”
― Emil Cioran, All Gall Is Divided: Aphorisms

“We live in a moment of history where change is so speeded up that we begin to see the present only when it is already disappearing.”
― R.D. Laing

“Is that all time is - our perception of how quickly it does or does not pass?”
― Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us

“The nostalgia of a moment's love can be an illusionary precipice from which we fall from truth; in heartbreak, what we escape to in the past is what tortures us in the present.”
― Mike Norton

“But love, sooner or later, forces us out of time. It does not accept that limit. Of all that we feel and do, all the virtues and all the sins, love alone crowds us at last over the edge of the world. For love is always more than a little strange here. It is not explainable or even justifiable. It is itself the justifier. We do not make it. If it did not happen to us, we could not imagine it. It includes the world and time as a pregnant woman includes her child whose wrongs she will suffer and forgive. It is in the world but is not altogether of it. It is of eternity. It takes us there when it most holds us here.”
― Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow

“... why I like timetables, because they make sure I don't get lost in time.”
― Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time

“Time was a film run backward. Suns fled and ten million moons fled after them.”
― Ray Bradbury, A Sound of Thunder and Other Stories

“...you seemed to be listening to me, not to find out useful information, but to try to catch me in a logical fallacy. This tells us all that you are used to being smarter than your teachers, and that you listen to them in order to catch them making mistakes and prove how smart you are to the other students. This is such a pointless, stupid way of listening to teachers that it is clear you are going to waste months of our time before you finally catch on that the only transaction that matters is a transfer of useful information from adults who possess it to children who do not, and that catching mistakes is a criminal misuse of time.”
― Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow

“I can see,’ Miss Emily said, ‘that it might look as though you were simply pawns in a game. It can certainly be looked at like that. But think of it. You were lucky pawns. There was a certain climate and now it’s gone. You have to accept that sometimes that’s how things happen in the world. People’s opinions, their feelings, they go one way, then the other. It just so happens you grew up at a certain point in this process.’
‘It might be just some trend that came and went,’ I said. ‘But for us, it’s our life.”
― Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go

“Time is just quantified eternity.”
― Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want

“The only currency that we really have to spend during our lives is time. Everything else is just a sub-category.”
― Stephen R. Bown

“Your mind is the knife that cuts the continuum of space and time into neat slices of linear experience.”
― Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want

“Esoteric things progress not according to time, but by activity, they can be slow or quick, depending upon the efforts made.”
― Belsebuub

“You may have the dark and cold street life, ruled by the lessor light of the moon. During this time I restore my temple, and later awake to greet the awesome radiance of the sun-star.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“The great opposition to reading is what I allow to fill my time instead of reading. To say we have no time to read is not really true; we simply have chosen to use our time for other things, or have allowed our time to be filled to the exclusion of reading. So don't add reading to your to-do list. Just stop doing the things that keep you from doing it. But read.”
― James Emery White

“Gradually it became known that the new race had a definite purpose, and that purpose was to chart and possess the whole country, regardless of the rights of its earlier inhabitants. Still the old chiefs cautioned their people to be patient, for, said they, the land is vast, both races can live on it, each in their own way. Let us therefore befriend them and trust their friendship. While they reasoned thus, the temptations of graft and self-aggrandizement overtook some of the leaders.”
― Charles Alexander (Ohiyesa) Eastman, Indian Heroes and Great Chieftains

“At the sound of my name, those two worlds on either side of me collide, and my lips meet his. Time ceases to exist, and so, apparently does any logic that my mind is hanging on to. Logic would say that this is insane; every other fibre of my being says it's right.”
― Dianna Hardy, 'Til Death Do Us Part

“You must not think of time as a quantity, a period, a measure. Look at the sky," Gwynneth said. "The moon has now slipped away to another night, into another world. It was not the time it was here that you remember, Faolan, but rather the luminescence of the air, the blue shadows cast by the trees in its light. It was not the length of the time but the quality of the moon's light that you felt and remember." Gwynneth paused. "It is the value, the quality that lives on.”
― Kathryn Lasky, Lone Wolf

“Because you can text while doing something else, texting does not seem to take time but to give you time. This is more than welcome; it is magical.”
― Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other

“You are not meant to serve time. Time is meant to serve you. Become the master of your now”
― E'yen A. Gardner

“It is still this moment and that will be true of every moment that follows, assuming this moment ever ends, which, if I am lucky, it won't.”
― Justin Taylor

“[T]he people who are close to Allah worry so much about wasting time that they call themselves to account for every breath they spend - how many of us wonder about how we spend our day, let alone each breath?”
― Ethar El- Katatney, Forty Days and Forty Nights - in Yemen: A Journey to Tarim, the City of Light

“And so I told myself to take that one. Because Father said clocks slay time. He said time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life. The hands were extended, slightly off the horizontal at a faint angle, like a gull tilting into the wind.”
― William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury

“you live through . . . that little piece of time that is yours, but that piece of time is not only your own life, it is the summing-up of all the other lives that are simultaneous with yours. It is, in other words, History, and what you are is an expression of History.”
― Robert Penn Warren

“What is far is very close, and what is close is very far”
― Fola, The Seed

“You chose to live here now. You should try to live in the present.”
― Francesca Marciano, Casa Rossa

“an English girl might well believe
that time is how you spend your love.”
― Nick Laird, To a Fault

“It is always worth itemizing happiness, there is so much of the other thing in a life, you had better put down the markers of happiness while you can.”
― Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture

“I'm sure, the highest capacity of storage device, will not enough to record all our stories; because, everytime with you is very valuable data”
― Aditia Rinaldi

“[When] he's here, he's always reading. He says books stop time. I myself think he's crazy...Don't tell anyone, but when he reads something that he likes he gets real happy, turns on the music, and dances by himself, or with a broom sometimes.”
― Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale

“You knows dat in New Orleans is not morning 'til dee sun come up.”
― Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume

“As for time, all men have it in abundance.”
― George Clason, The Richest Man in Babylon

“To the non-combatants and those on the periphery of action, the war meant only boredom or occasional excitement, but to those who entered the meat grinder itself the war was a netherworld of horror from which escape seemed less and less likely as casualties mounted and the fighting dragged on and on. Time had no meaning, life had no meaning. The fierce struggle for survival in the abyss of Peleliu had eroded the veneer of civilization and made savages of us all.”
― E.B. Sledge, With the Old Breed: At Peleliu and Okinawa

“ I'd Better Not--

A man leaned over to a man in a pub
And said in a voice
‘I used to be thirty seven but now I’m fifty one’.
And that’s how the years go.
In handfuls.
Like somebody is almost at the end of a bag of crisps
And they tip the bag up
And it’s as though they’re drinking crisps.
That’s how the years go.”
― Ian McMillan, I Found This Shirt: Poems and Prose from the Centre

“Is Dust immortal then, I ask'd him, so that we may see it blowing through the Centuries? But as Walter gave no Answer I jested with him further to break his Melancholy humour: What is Dust, Master Pyne?
And he reflected a little: It is particles of Matter, no doubt.
Then we are all Dust indeed, are we not?
And in a feigned Voice he murmered, For Dust thou art and shalt to Dust return. Then he made a Sour face, but only yo laugh the more.”
― Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor

“Memory is not an instrument for exploring the past but its theatre. It is the medium of past experience, as the ground is the medium in which dead cities lie interred.”
― Walter Benjamin

“For the machine meant the conquest of horizontal space. It also meant a sense of that space which few people had experienced before – the succession and superimposition of views, the unfolding of landscape in flickering surfaces as one was carried swiftly past it, and an exaggerated feeling of relative motion (the poplars nearby seeming to move faster than the church spire across the field) due to parallax. The view from the train was not the view from the horse. It compressed more motifs into the same time. Conversely, it left less time in which to dwell on any one thing.”
― Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New

“Most of our lives are crucified between two thieves, yesterday and tomorrow. We never live today. But the time to live is now. It is today.”
― W. Oscar Thompson, Concentric Circles of Concern: From Self to Others Through Life-Style Evangelism

“Fear no more," said Clarissa. Fear no more the heat o' the sun; for the shock of Lady Bruton asking Richard to lunch without her made the moment in which she had stood shiver, as a plant on the river-bed feels the shock of a passing oar and shivers: so she rocked: so she shivered.

Millicent Bruton, whose lunch parties were said to be extraordinarily amusing, had not asked her. No vulgar jealousy could separate her from Richard. But she feared time itself, and read on Lady Bruton's face, as if it had been a dial cut in impassive stone, the dwindling of life; how year by year her share was sliced; how little the margin that remained was capable any longer of stretching, of absorbing, as in the youthful years, the colours, salts, tones of existence, so that she filled the room she entered, and felt often as she stood hesitating one moment on the threshold of her drawing-room, an exquisite suspense, such as might stay a diver before plunging while the sea darkens and brightens beneath him, and the waves which threaten to break, but only gently split their surface, roll and conceal and encrust as they just turn over the weeds with pearl.”
― Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway

“Had I realized at the time that for Austerlitz certain moments had no beginning or end, while on the other hand his whole life had sometimes seemed to him a blank point without duration, I would probably have waited more patiently.”
― W.G. Sebald, Austerlitz

“Do I have YOUR permission to be a Supernatural God? If I want to open heaven, and in a moment in time, touch the heart of a daughter and supernaturally break all the darkness, shame, and torment in her life, MAY I DO THAT?”
― Jim Anderson, Unmasked: Exposing the Cultural Sexual Assault

“The pathway traced with blood and tears,
and dust of all our father's dead,
Whose backward footsteps, wandering, red,
Fade to the mist of nameless years.
(“The Testimony of the Suns”)”
― George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror

“A little while, their hunger unfulfilled,
The mothlike worlds flit 'round the guttering sun.
("Ephemera")”
― George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror

“But clouds bellied out in the sultry heat, the sky cracked open with a crimson gash, spewed flame-and the ancient forest began to smoke. By morning there was a mass of booming, fiery tongues, a hissing, crashing, howling all around, half the sky black with smoke, and the bloodied sun just barely visible.

And what can little men do with their spades, ditches, and pails? The forest is no more, it was devoured by fire: stumps and ash. Perhaps illimitable fields will be plowed here one day, perhaps some new, unheard-of wheat will ripen here and men from Arkansas with shaven faces will weigh in their palms the heavy golden grain. Or perhaps a city will grow up-alive with ringing sound and motion, all stone and crystal and iron-and winged men will come here flying over seas and mountains from all ends of the world. But never again the forest, never again the blue winter silence and the golden silence of summer. And only the tellers of tales will speak in many-colored patterned words about what had been, about wolves and bears and stately green-coated century-old grandfathers, about old Russia; they will speak about all this to us who have seen it with our own eyes ten years - a hundred years! - ago, and to those others, the winged ones, who will come in a hundred years to listen and to marvel at it all as at a fairy tale. ("In Old Russia")”
― Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories

“when you live forever and don't age, it gives you time to hope”
― Laurell K. Hamilton

“On the whole I try to keep Modesty and Willie in timeless settings, which is why I avoid all the latest slang and in-words. It won't be long before 'brill' sounds as dated as 'super' does now. [Uncle Happy, 1990]”
― Peter O'Donnell

“Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow,
Creeps in this petty face from day to day.”
― William Shakespeare

“In 1850, August Salzmann photographed, near Jerusalem, the road to Beith-Lehem (as it was spelled at the time): nothing but stony ground, olive trees; but three tenses dizzy my consciousness: my present, the time of Jesus, and that of the photographer, all this under the instance of 'reality' — and no longer through the elaborations of the text, whether fictional or poetic, which itself is never credible down to the root.”
― Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography

“Time, we like to say, cures all. But maybe the old saying doesn’t mean time heals. Time cures a secret in its brine, keeping it and finally, paradoxically, destroying it. Nothing is left in that salt solution but the pain or rage, the biting shame that lodged it there. Even they are diluted or denied.”
― Patricia Hampl

“Time is funny lately, nothing to do with clocks.”
― Victor Lodato, Mathilda Savitch

“ماهي أكبر خسارة قد يتعرض لها إنسان ؟
لا شكّ هي خسارة الوقت”
― عبد الله زايد, المنبوذ

“No, it was simply that I was uninterested in making, as I saw it, a Xerox of some old emotional state. I was in my mid-thirties, with a marriage more or less behind me. I was no longer vulnerable to curiosity's enormous momentum. I had nothing new to murmur to another on the subject of myself and not the smallest eagerness about being briefed on Danielle's supposedly unique trajectory—a curve described under the action, one could safely guess, of the usual material and maternal and soulful longings, a few thwarting tics of character, and luck good and bad. A life seemed like an old story.”
― Joseph O'Neill, Netherland

“You see, Valentin, there is no such thing as time. It's just a road, a path to travel on. Most of the world is on a train, traveling forward all the time, speeding toward death, with a set schedule and someone else in charge.”
― Daniel Nayeri

“Finally, the functionalist organization, by privileging progress (i.e. time), causes the condition of its own possibility--space itself--to be forgotten: space thus becomes the blind spot in a scientific and political technology. This is the way in which the Concept-city functions: a place of transformations and appropriations, the object of various kinds of interference but also a subject that is constantly enriched by new attributes, it is simultaneously the machinery and the hero of modernity.”
― Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life

“Smartass Disciple: What were said for things before the time exist?
Master of Stupidity: No words to be said by no man at no time at all.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Time was spinning numerous threads for its tapestry, some to be woven together, some to entangle or fray, others merely to perish and pass away.”
― Cecilia Dart-Thornton, Weatherwitch

“Eternity is the stopped heart of Time.”
― Sorin Cerin

“Who knows the life which does not burn its own time moments?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Smartass Disciple: Where were all things before the time began?
Master of Stupidity: What was the time before all things created?”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“I never have time to write anymore. And when I do I only write about how I never have time. It's work and it's money and I've written more lists than songs lately. I stay up all night to do all these things I need to do, be all these things I want to be, playing with shadows in the darkness that shouldn't be able to exist. Empty bottles and cigarettes while watching the sunrise, why do I complain? I have it all, everything I ever asked for.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps

“There is more time than there is expanse of the world and so any voyage at last will end.”
― Ivan Doig, This House of Sky: Landscapes of a Western Mind

“You don't get time.
You create time.”
― Sanhita Baruah

“His body and his soul appeared to have the strange ability to repel the hours, just as, inversely, a magnet attracts metal. Everything spun about him and fled; he was always the sole centre of an enormous circumference. He kept moving forwards, body and soul, in the hope of coming close to what fled at his approach. The same thing happened with time – his position remained constant in relation to the thing which, however hard he tried to clasp it to him, stole away from him and bounded into the distance. He was the one who had no incriminating papers in his drawers, who could show his diary to anyone. He was a creator. Perhaps that was why his life did not exist”
― Mario De Sa-carneiro

“when a man has little time, he must take care to maintain his calm. We must act as if we had eternity before us.”
― Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

“A timeless classical love story
our romance shall be…
I'll paint it
on vintage canvas
cause your love transcends the realms
defeats any measure of time
and lasts forever.

(fragment from "Utopia", chapter Hope)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“Time drips, heavy, slow…”
― Albert Camus, Notebooks 1951-1959

“[I]st nicht die Zeit wie die Liebe, ungeteilt und ungezügelt?”
― Khalil Gibran

“Time is, in fact, a cross to bear, it passes on inexorably and remorselessly, destroying everything in its wake, save art and works of the intellect.”
― Jack Schmitt

“A selfish life isn’t God’s purpose for you”
― Sunday Adelaja

“It’s quite certain there are places to which the whole past is as though attached, on which are traced in secret letters for people who are centuries removed from us their thoughts, their will…”
― Vladimir Odoevsky

“Let us strive together to part with time more reluctantly, to watch the pinions of the fleeting moment until they are dim in the distance, and the new-coming moment claims our attention.”
― Emily Dickinson, Emily Dickinson: Letters

“Time is the single most important resource that we have. Every single minute we lose is never coming back.”
― Tarun Sharma

“Schönheit ist Ewigkeit, die sich in einem Spiegel anschaut. - Aber ihr seid die Ewigkeit, und ihr seid der Spiegel.”
― Khalil Gibran

“There would be a time, when you will ask for nothing but life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Use time to create the nature of God in yourself”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Knowing what to do with time is the key to being productive”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Time is information we don't have. Time is our ignorance.”
― Carlo Rovelli

“Your daily actions should be productive”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Understanding the value of time is understanding the true essence of life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Somehow everything always came down to time, she realized with perfect lucidity. There was either too much or too little. It either passed too quickly or too slowly. It didn’t belong to anyone—it was simply a gift, bestowed by God, and yet eternally taken for granted. She closed her eyes for a moment, wishing Time could be tamed—reigned in—and tethered, synchronized with human needs and wants. But that wasn’t the case, was it?”
― R. W. Patterson, Dark Night of the Soul: In the darkest of moments...a sacrifice to end a life...a rescue to save a soul.

“Trying to please everybody is what you'll soon get tired of, because as time goes on, those you're pleasing will get tired of you.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“In every time of season change: it is #wise to slow down and examine what our ego, thought-habits, and spiritual-energy are communicating to others...our environments. Truth is these thoughts (attitudes that aren't situationally static) are producing real activity, outcomes that shape our existence. Consider the conception of our thoughts, and what they will give birth to beyond the physical...they have an incredible power, with or without our active will, to lift us, sink us or soar us. Consider how we as human beings can be subject to the law enforcement of living under our own thought legislation...Selah.”
― Tracey Bond

“The way we assess time as humans determines what we become”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You have to discover how best you can manage your time to carry out your work effectively”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Be what you must, because who you are is all of us.”
― Ross Caligiuri

“Time interacts with attention in funny ways.

At one extreme, when Ruth was gripped by the compulsive mania and hyperfocus of an Internet search, the hours seemed to aggregate and swell like a wave, swallowing huge chunks of her day.

At the other extreme, when her attention was disengaged and fractured, she experienced time at its most granular, wherein moments hung around like particles, diffused and suspended in standing water.

There used to be a middle way, too, when her attention was focused but vast, and time felt like a limpid pool, ringed by sunlit ferns. An underground spring fed the pool from deep below, creating a gentle current of words that bubbled up, while on the surface, breezes shimmered and played.”
― Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being

“To be completely ignorant of the collective past seems to me to be another state of amnesia; you would be untethered, adrift in time. Which is why all societies have sought some kind of memory bank, whether by way of folklore, story-telling, recitation of the ancestors--from Homer to Genesis. And why the heritage industry does so well today; most people may not be particularly interested in the narrative of the past, in the detail or the discussion, but they are glad to know that it is there.”
― Penelope Lively, Ammonites and Leaping Fish: A Life in Time

“Time is the empty space that allows knowledge—let alone wisdom—to grow.”
― John Hunter, World Peace and Other 4th-Grade Achievements

“Money without time is next to meaningless.”
― Richie Norton

“You get diminishing returns when you are restricted to your comfort zone”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Don’t just be a deliverer of yourself, but a deliverer of your whole nation”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You have to discover the needs of the people you want to minister to”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You need to use the instrument that the people desire to captivate them back to things that are right”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Do not do anything local as believers. Whatever you do should be magnified to be comprehensive”
― Sunday Adelaja

“When you increase and multiply, you get much more influence and reach beyond your imagination”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Our goal in life is to bring the Kingdom of God to people and help change their lives”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Don’t just bring religion to people but also change their value system”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Take love to people and teach them to abide by the principles of God”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Teach the people the Word before converting and baptizing them”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Reveal to the people and make them experience God first before you make them church members”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Always be the light. Do not wait for others to take responsibility”
― Sunday Adelaja

“A purposeless life is a meaningless life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Once you are saved, you have to locate your own territory”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The essence of life is fulfillment”
― Sunday Adelaja

“After you discover your purpose, you have to build a platform for your calling”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Don’t just make use of a gift, look inside you and maximize others”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You must be able to bring relevance to people”
― Sunday Adelaja

“No human was created without a purpose”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Don’t be too stereotyped, be ready to explore new opportunities”
― Sunday Adelaja

“To work for God effectively, you have to expand and stretch yourself”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You have to bring relevance to people before teaching them the ways of Christ”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Locate the needs of the people and find out how best you can help them before bringing them to Christ”
― Sunday Adelaja

“We were all created differently, each with his/her calling and purpose”
― Sunday Adelaja

“There is a huge difference between living a Christian life and living a religious life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Your life would never have a meaning if you don’t have a goal or purpose”
― Sunday Adelaja

“A life without concrete product is a meaningless one”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The purpose of the church is to reveal to the people who God is”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The goal is not to be delivered of your problem only but to be an instrument of God”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You shouldn’t live for yourself alone but you must also learn to live the Christian life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“What you do with your time on a daily basis determines what values will be added to your life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Evaluate and assess your life on a daily”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Your race against life must yield effort for you to be productive”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Always spend your time adding value to your life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You need to invest time in understanding and discovering yourself”
― Sunday Adelaja

“A product should be made intentionally”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Life should be measured with product”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You need to live a productive life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Always evaluate and determine the product of your life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Always ask yourself what you have achieved within a given time and the product of your life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Maximize the time you have through hard work, concentration and research”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Don’t act based on religion; always have a purpose and focus”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Life is a race against time”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Your race is your diminishing life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Don’t allow your life disappear into an abstract mirage”
― Sunday Adelaja

“To build yourself is to add value to your life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Always be intentional and purposeful in life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Losing your job gives you the ability to decide what product each unit of your passing life should produce”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Joblessness gives you control over the product of your life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The only way to live a life without regret is to make sure each unit of time that passes is being converted into product”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Measure your life by the product and value you produce daily”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Be conscious about life and time in order to maximize your time effectively”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Always account for each unit of passing time”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You’ve got little time on earth, make each day count”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Always make positive use of every second and minute”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Create/add value to your life on a daily basis”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Your destiny lies in your hands and can be molded with each passing day by the choices you make”
― Sunday Adelaja

“We were created by God to carry out and fulfill His divine purpose for our lives”
― Sunday Adelaja

“We were created to purposefully live a life that glorifies God”
― Sunday Adelaja

“We have to discover the essence of our creation for us to carry out our purpose as believers”
― Sunday Adelaja

“If you are working with no vision to be own your own boss, you are no different from people who are unemployed”
― Sunday Adelaja

“To waste time is to lose life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The most successful people in the world today are entrepreneurs”
― Sunday Adelaja

“To be productive, effective and to live a life of understanding and wisdom is not to waste time”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Surely even those immune from the world, for the time being, need the touch of one another, or all is lost.”
― Eudora Welty, The Collected Stories

“Channel your energy into your God-given purpose. Being out of a job gives you all the time you need to grow”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Getting fired from work does not make you a failure. Letting it take control of your life is what does”
― Sunday Adelaja

“A job should only be a stepping stone to being your own boss”
― Sunday Adelaja

“For you to be successful in your promised land, you must study the land”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You must develop your skills around your calling”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Knowing what to do with time is the first step to take when you lose your job”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Time must be converted into product”
― Sunday Adelaja

“To know what to do with time is to convert a day”
― Sunday Adelaja

“To convert a day is to produce a product”
― Sunday Adelaja

“The best way to assess yourself is to base the assessment on the product you produce daily”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Never let employment hinder you from fulfillment”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Time wasted can never be compensated”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Time spent effectively can be compensated”
― Sunday Adelaja

“When you invest in life, you are being fruitful and productive”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Always invest your life in your calling and purpose”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Life is in time; seconds, minutes and hours”
― Sunday Adelaja

“time's precious, waste it wisely”
― kayser U

“To lose time is to lose life”
― Sunday Adelaja

“What you do with your time daily is essential for spiritual and physical growth”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Time should be assessed as seconds, minutes and hours so as to be maximized effectively”
― Sunday Adelaja

“To maximize time is to make sure that every second, minute and hour counts”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Every minute, hour and hour that passes daily should be converted into product”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Every unit of time that passes daily should be accounted for”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Never let a day be your control factor”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Time should be reproduced and multiplied”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
― Rashedur Ryan Rahman

“Your personal truth is your gift to the world.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“সময় শোকের চেয়ে বলশালী। শোক তীরভূমি, সময় জাহ্নবী। সময় শোকের ওপর পলি ফেলে আর পলি ফেলে। তারপর একদিন প্রকৃতির অমোঘনিয়ম অনুযায়ী, সময়ের পলিতে চাপা পড়া শোকের ওপর ছোট ছোট অঙ্কুরের আঙুল বেরোয়।
অঙ্কুর। আশার-দুঃখের-চিন্তার-বিদ্বেষের।
আঙুলগুলো ওপরে ওঠে, আকাশ খামচায়।
সময় সব পারে।”
― Mahasweta Devi, Mother of 1084

“I’m in no hurry: the sun and the moon aren’t, either.
Nobody goes faster than the legs they have.
If where I want to go is far away, I’m not there in an instant.

(6/20/1919)”
― Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro

“Time's passage through the memory is like molten glass that can be opaque or crystallize at any given moment at will: a thousand days are melted into one conversation, one glance, one hurt, and one hurt can be shattered and sprinkled over a thousand days.”
― Gloria Naylor, The Women of Brewster Place

“Time passes so fast. Make time to be still.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“How baffling it is that we imagined cities incinerated by alien bombs and death rays when all they really needed was Mother Nature and time.”
― Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea

“It's been 12 years now, and I think he still can read my smiles. The way my lips stretch, making my eyes look smaller than they already are. The way my cheeks turn a little red, forming new wrinkles near my eyes. The way the dimple on my face makes a visit whenever I smile meeting someone I haven't seen in ages.
It's been 12 years now, and I haven't smiled at him even once.”
― Sanhita Baruah

“(after many years) we were still at that first stage, still
preparing to begin a journey, but we were changed nevertheless;
we could see this in one another; we had changed although
we never moved, and one said, ah, behold how we have aged, traveling
from day to night only, neither forward nor sideward, and this seemed
in a strange way miraculous. And those who believed we should have a purpose
believed this was the purpose, and those who felt we must remain free
in order to encounter truth felt it had been revealed.”
― Louise Glück, Faithful and Virtuous Night

“The Unchanging

Sun-swept beaches with a light wind blowing
From the immense blue circle of the sea,
And the soft thunder where long waves whiten—
These were the same for Sappho as for me.

Two thousand years—much has gone by forever,
Change takes the gods and ships and speech of men—
But here on the beaches that time passes over
The heart aches now as then.”
― Sara Teasdale, Flame and Shadow

“One day we were born, one day we shall die, the same day, the same second.”
― Samuel Beckett

“You got to insist on your success, resist every obstacle and persist in times of difficulty and you will get there.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream

“Love is circumstantial; we can love anyone if need be; and losing the one we love is the singular catastrophe. Time does not heal it. Every present moment yearns for even the roughest past.”
― Andrew Solomon

“The creation of the world did not occur at the beginning of time, it occurs every day.”
― Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive

“This is going to take forever."
"I wouldn't mind spending forever with you," Zaid winked.”
― Aishabella Sheikh, Converting The Bad Boy

“What was closure if not a clock? Not an end as everyone imagined, but a beginning.”
― Celeste Chaney, In Absence of Fear

“Why are some things easier to remember the more time has passed since they occurred?”
― Anna Funder, Stasiland: Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall

“Only In Sleep

Only in sleep I see their faces,
Children I played with when I was a child,
Louise comes back with her brown hair braided,
Annie with ringlets warm and wild.

Only in sleep Time is forgotten --
What may have come to them, who can know?
Yet we played last night as long ago,
And the doll-house stood at the turn of the stair.

The years had not sharpened their smooth round faces,
I met their eyes and found them mild --
Do they, too, dream of me, I wonder,
And for them am I too a child?”
― Sara Teasdale, Flame and Shadow

“Time wasn't passing so much as kneeling beside him in a torn tee-shirt disclosing the rodent-nosed tits of a man who disdains the care of his once-comely bod.”
― David Foster Wallace , Infinite Jest

“God speaks to you all the time ~ Have you tuned in to the cosmic vibrations of love, harmony, peace, and truth? Unless you quieten that blabbering little mind of yours, you won’t be able to listen to the Divine music that plays on and on...
Just for one heavenly second, shut your eyes, ears, and mind to the cacophonous noises of this physical, illusionary, temporary world. Exit all the drama.
Just for that one heavenly second, stay quiet and simply listen. Listen to the ambrosial sound. It vibrates with joy.
You can have more of this soulful peace in your life, if only you choose to align yourself with the Source of Love and Light. The more you stay attuned to "Home", the less you’d wander in-vain.”
― Manprit Kaur

“Time is but an illusion created by beings with limited perception.”
― Ken Poirot

“[The] tremendous and still accelerating development of science and technology has not been accompanied by an equal development in social, economic, and political patterns...We are now...only beginning to explore the potentialities which it offers for developments in our culture outside technology, particularly in the social, political and economic fields. It is safe to predict that...such social inventions as modern-type Capitalism, Fascism, and Communism will be regarded as primitive experiments directed toward the adjustment of modern society to modern methods”
― Ralph Linton

“Arriving someplace more desirable at some future time is an illusion. This is it.”
― Jon Kabat-Zinn, Arriving at Your Own Door: 108 Lessons in Mindfulness

“I don't think a single one of them had any clear idea of time, as we at the end of countless ages have. They still belonged to the beginnings of time—”
― Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness

“The passing time is painful. I have lost the art of moving simply, naturally, within it. I am swept back against its flow. Angry, vindictive, it pierces me all the time, all the time with its spikes.”
― David Grossman, Falling Out of Time

“Peter sank. "I'd give anything to see time.”
― Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily

“Money is far commoner than time. When one reflects, one perceives that money is just about the commonest thing there is.”
― Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day

“In the end, Nora, there’s only time. All we have is time…and even if this wasn’t happening, we still don’t ever have much…no one does. We only have the moment we’re in. We have right now.”
― Dennis Sharpe, Saturday Night To Infinity

“And there is neither beginning nor end, nor past nor future; there is only a present, at the same time static and ephemeral, multiple and absolute. It is the vital ocean in which we all share, according to our strength, our needs or our desires.”
― Remy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques

“How much time? Not as much as I had yesterday.”
― Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Giant

“I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness.”
― Jennifer Elisabeth

“What is this life if, full of care,
We have no time to stand and stare.

No time to stand beneath the boughs
And stare as long as sheep or cows.

No time to see, when woods we pass,
Where squirrels hide their nuts in grass.

No time to see, in broad daylight,
Streams full of stars, like skies at night.

No time to turn at Beauty's glance,
And watch her feet, how they can dance.

No time to wait till her mouth can
Enrich that smile her eyes began.

A poor life this if, full of care,
We have no time to stand and stare.

- Leisure”
― W.H. Davies, Common Joys and Other Poems

“When you read the account of a murder - or, say, a fiction story based on murder - you usually begin with the murder itself. That's all wrong. The murder begins a long time beforehand. A murder is the culmination of a lot of different circumstances, all converging at a given moment at a given point. People are brought into it from different parts of the globe and for unforeseen reasons. [...] The murder itself is the end of the story. It's Zero Hour.”

He paused.

“It's Zero Hour now.”
― Agatha Christie, Towards Zero

“I -- I alone know how to mourn for him as he deserves.' But while we were still shaking hands, such a look of awful desolation came upon her face that I perceived she was one of those creatures that are not the playthings of Time. For her he had died only yesterday. And, by Jove! the impression was so powerful that for me, too, he seemed to have died only yesterday -- nay, this very minute. I saw her and him in the same instant of time -- his death and her sorrow -- I saw her sorrow in the very moment of his death. Do you understand? I saw them together -- I heard them together.”
― Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness

“Time can play all sorts of tricks on you. In the blink of an eye, babies appear in carriages, coffins disappear into the ground, wars are won and lost, and children transform, like butterflies, into adults. That's what happened to me. Once upon a time, I was a boy named Hugo Cabret, and I desperately believed that a broken automaton would save my life. Now that my cocoon has fallen away and I have emerged as a magician named Professor Alcofrisbas, I can look back and see that I was right. The automaton my father discovered did save me. But now I have built a new automaton. I spent countless hours designing it. I made every gear myself, carefully cut every brass disk, and fashioned every bt of machinery with my own hands. When you wind it up, it can do something I'm sure no other automaton in the world can do. It can tel you the incredible story of Georges Melies, his wife, their goddaughter, and a beloved clock maker whose son grew up to be a magician. The complicated machinery inside my automaton can produce one-hundred and fifty-eight different pictures, and it can wrote, letter, by letter, an entire book, twenty-six thousand one hundred and fifty-nine words. These words.

THE END”
― Brian Selznick, The Invention of Hugo Cabret

“He did not waste time in a vain search for a place in history.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“Time passes: yesterday has gone for ever but tomorrow never comes. Let's make the most of today.”
― Robert Ashby

“There is only as much space, only as much time,
Only as much desire, only as many words,
Only as many pages, only as much ink
To accept all of us at light-speed
Hurrying into the Promised Land
Of oblivion that is waiting for us sooner or later.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“I spent the next three hours in classrooms, trying not to look at the clocks over various blackboards, and then looking at the clocks, and then being amazed that only a few minutes had passed since I last looked at the clocks, but their sluggishness never ceased to surprise. If I am ever told that I have one day to live, I will head straight for the hallowed halls of Winter Park High School, where a day has been known to last a thousand years.”
― John Green, Paper Towns

“When every minute of your day is planned & you are packed for days,
you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets
clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“So we live; a spirit that broods and hovers over the continual death of time, the lost meaning, the unrecaptured moment, the unremembered face, until the final chop that ends all our moments and plunges that spirit back into the void from which it came.”
― Iris Murdoch, Under the Net

“Seems like everything
lead up to this day
and it's just like every day
that's ever been.
Sun goin' up
and then the sun
it goin' down.”
― Jerry Garcia

“How obvious can it be? ... The purpose of makeup is to defy the degradations of time, and time is just a synonym for death.”
― Dean Koontz, False Memory

“I miss being the age when I thought I'd have my shit together by the time I was the age I am now..”
― kjforce

“A real dreamer must have a mutual trust with time.”
― Yiyun Li

“Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.”
― Nathaniel Hawthorne

“God is busy and has no time for you.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“And there was that trick he did with time, making it speed up when we were together and drag til I saw him again.”
― Francine Prose, Goldengrove

“It is vain futility to analyze the algebra of time.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Creator

“Time, the spaces of light and dark, had long since lost orderliness.”
― William Faulkner, Light in August

“Kun aika käy pitkäksi
se on jo lyhentynyt.”
― Hannu Kankaanpää, Yksi toista

“Time...a maniac scattering dust.”
― Tennyson

“Promise is more worthy than Time and Money.”
― Vijay Dhameliya

“It is futile to spend time telling stories about the fleetness of each day.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Creator

“We spend too much time keeping up with celebrities. They're living their dreams, what about you? Are you where you want to be in life. Get off the couch, turn off the tv and start achieving your goals.”
― Bianca Frazier

“Was then not all sorrow in time, all self-torment and fear in time? Were not all difficulties and evil in the world conquered as soon as one conquered time, as soon as one dispelled time?”
― Hermann Hesse

“Time doesn’t change anything; that is why we still worship asshole Arabs.”
― M.F. Moonzajer

“Time is just going on and on .But I still here Idle just Waiting for someone and nothing else”
― Amardeep Singh

“Please give it up. Fear it no less than the sensual passion, because it, too, may take up all your time and deprive you of your health, peace of mind and happiness in life.

[Having himself spent a lifetime unsuccessfully trying to prove Euclid's postulate that parallel lines do not meet, Farkas discouraged his son János from any further attempt.]”
― Farkas Bolyai

“Time owed an alliance to the undying.”
― Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows

“Then you must reconcile yourself to the fact that something is always hurt by any change. If you do this, you will not be hurt yourself.”
― Roger Zelazny, Power & Light

“Sex parties, alcohol and drugs lost their appeal to Sven after a while. Music never did, in his continual search for that sober connection--intimacy with one person over a long period of time, as opposed to periods of intimacy with a bunch of random faces.”
― Jess C. Scott, Sven

“Time is the mercy of Eternity; without Time's swiftness/ Which is the swiftest of all things: all were eternal torment.”
― William Blake, Milton a Poem

“Time will tell, I suppose, or at least, these pages will.”
― Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe

“Life could be horrible in the wrong trouser of time.”
― Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!

“The past is a distraction, a source of envy, enmity, bitterness. Only the present matters, for only in the present can we shape the future.

Cut loose the past; it is dead weight.
Let the Extirpation continue. Let it never end.”
― Stephen Baxter, Exultant

“Time spent in India has a extraordinary effect on one. It acts as a barrier that makes the rest of the world seem unreal.”
― Tahir Shah, Beyond The Devil's Teeth

“Contemplation is a luxury, requiring time and alternatives.”
― Tahir Shah, In Search of King Solomon's Mines

“Time was a dazzling lie, a magician worth a bird in his hat. The truth, I felt certain, was that everything happened at once. How old was I? I was every age at the same time. All the days of our lives were today.”
― Ramona Ausubel, No One Is Here Except All of Us

“From time to time
I once wondered how one wanders from time to time
And think up the paradox line
Speak of Epoch's crime
Oh I lied, it hasn't happened yet
But bet you better believe it's such a habit that
I just said that in a past mindset”
― Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality

“I finished the [blog] post reflecting on the fact that, despite all the changes in my life, maybe I wasn't so different after all. If I typed it, maybe I could believe it, too.”
― Stephanie Nielson

“An unhurried sense of time is in itself a form of wealth.”
― Bonnie Friedman

“I could tell you of occasionally, every eon, meeting a person, with whom I might stay for a billion years. But what of it? After a billion years there is nothing left to say, and you wander apart, uncaring in the end.”
― Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell

“He was thinking of that time, the way one does on long journeys when rootlessness and boredom, lack of sleep or routine can summon from out of nowhere random stretches of the past, make them as real as a haunting. --Solar”
― Ian McEwan, Solar

“A territory is only possessed for a moment in time.”
― Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible

“Everything in life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on the planet and wasting everybody's time.”
― Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses

“:D :D ...”
― You

“Simple


Complex systems can arise
from simple rules.

It's not
that we want to survive,
it's that we've been drugged
and made to act
as if we do

while all the while
the sea breaks
and rolls, painlessly, under.

If we're not copying it,
we're lonely.

Is this the knowledge
that demands to be
passed down?

Time is made from swatches
of heaven and hell.

If we're not killing it,
we're hungry.”
― Rae Armantrout, Versed

“Sir Henry fixed him with a keen eye.
'Odd name, Tom Skatt - eh?'
'Thats right'
'You don't think we could be related?'
Tom looked up at his great-great-great-uncle and smiled.
'I don't think so'
'No,' grinned Sir Henry "no, of course not”
― Henry Chancellor, The Museum's Secret

“Until we can navigate in time, I'm not sure that we can prove that what happened is real.”
― Sebastian Faulks, Engleby

“The inertia of a jungle village is a dangerous thing. Before you know it your whole life has slipped by and you are still waiting there.”
― Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City

“Time hangs off me like molting skin.”
― Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin

“No time to see, in broad daylight,
Streams full of stars, like skies at night.

No time to turn at Beauty's glance,
And watch her feet, how they can dance.

No time to wait till her mouth can
Enrich that smile her eyes began.”
― W.H. Davies, Common Joys and Other Poems

“Ends Meet


1
Could be
time is practice,

balance,

the action
executed in the mind
before and after.

Where does mind end?


2
We mark a break
with what has come before,

come through the door,

down the hatch.

Not a clean break
exactly.


3
Our life was rehearsal,
Mother almost said

so that we believed
we would escort her

to the future
where she could be happy.”
― Rae Armantrout, Money Shot

“For our last shall be the recorder of eternity.”
― Cory Hair

“Los mortales se olvidan de advertir que el tiempo pasa.”
― Jackson Pearce, As You Wish

“A los mortales os hace falta compañía porque tenéis tristeza, deseos y un tiempo limitado de vida.”
― Jackson Pearce, As You Wish

“Light — i.e. space — is the structure of time, the essence of existence. The stuff of physics does not involve time. Orthodox contemporary physics sadly refers to this fact as “the problem of time.”
― Eric Bredesen, Mythology & History

“The present is a point just passed.”
― David Russell

“The smoke detectors began to ring; for they were battery-powered and thus still functioned, just as a record can still be played after the death of every member of the orchestra.”
― William T. Vollmann, You Bright and Risen Angels

“Time is the most valuable coin in your life. You and you alone will determine how that coin will be spent. Be careful that you do not let other people spend it for you.”
― Carl Sandburg

“Tell me something. Do you believe in God?'

Snow darted an apprehensive glance in my direction. 'What? Who still believes nowadays?'

'It isn't that simple. I don't mean the traditional God of Earth religion. I'm no expert in the history of religions, and perhaps this is nothing new--do you happen to know if there was ever a belief in an...imperfect God?'

'What do you mean by imperfect?' Snow frowned. 'In a way all the gods of the old religions were imperfect, considered that their attributes were amplified human ones. The God of the Old Testament, for instance, required humble submission and sacrifices, and and was jealous of other gods. The Greek gods had fits of sulks and family quarrels, and they were just as imperfect as mortals...'

'No,' I interrupted. 'I'm not thinking of a god whose imperfection arises out of the candor of his human creators, but one whose imperfection represents his essential characteristic: a god limited in his omniscience and power, fallible, incapable of foreseeing the consequences of his acts, and creating things that lead to horror. He is a...sick god, whose ambitions exceed his powers and who does not realize it at first. A god who has created clocks, but not the time they measure. He has created systems or mechanisms that serves specific ends but have now overstepped and betrayed them. And he has created eternity, which was to have measured his power, and which measures his unending defeat.'

Snow hesitated, but his attitude no longer showed any of the wary reserve of recent weeks:

'There was Manicheanism...'

'Nothing at all to do with the principles of Good and Evil,' I broke in immediately. 'This god has no existence outside of matter. He would like to free himself from matter, but he cannot...'

Snow pondered for a while:

'I don't know of any religion that answers your description. That kind of religion has never been...necessary. If i understand you, and I'm afraid I do, what you have in mind is an evolving god, who develops in the course of time, grows, and keeps increasing in power while remaining aware of his powerlessness. For your god, the divine condition is a situation without a goal. And understanding that, he despairs. But isn't this despairing god of yours mankind, Kelvin? Is it man you are talking about, and that is a fallacy, not just philosophically but also mystically speaking.'

I kept on:

'No, it's nothing to do with man. man may correspond to my provisional definition from some point of view, but that is because the definition has a lot of gaps. Man does not create gods, in spite of appearances. The times, the age, impose them on him. Man can serve is age or rebel against it, but the target of his cooperation or rebellion comes to him from outside. If there was only a since human being in existence, he would apparently be able to attempt the experiment of creating his own goals in complete freedom--apparently, because a man not brought up among other human beings cannot become a man. And the being--the being I have in mind--cannot exist in the plural, you see? ...Perhaps he has already been born somewhere, in some corner of the galaxy, and soon he will have some childish enthusiasm that will set him putting out one star and lighting another. We will notice him after a while...'

'We already have,' Snow said sarcastically. 'Novas and supernovas. According to you they are candles on his altar.'

'If you're going to take what I say literally...'

...Snow asked abruptly:

'What gave you this idea of an imperfect god?'

'I don't know. It seems quite feasible to me. That is the only god I could imagine believing in, a god whose passion is not a redemption, who saves nothing, fulfills no purpose--a god who simply is.”
― Stanisław Lem, Solaris

“This evening, which I have tried to spirit away, is a strange burden to me. While time moves on, while the day will soon end and I already wish it gone, there are men who have entrusted all their hopes to it, all their love and their last efforts. There are dying men or others who are waiting for a debt to come due, who wish that tomorrow would never come. There are others for whom the day will break like a pang of remorse; and others who are tired, for whom the night will never be long enough to give them the rest that they need. And I - who have lost my day - what right do I have to wish that tomorrow comes?”
― Henri Alain-Fournier, Le Grand Meaulnes

“Outside the leaves on the trees constricted slightly; they were the deep done green of the beginning of autumn. It was a Sunday in September. There would only be four. The clouds were high and the swallows would be here for another month or so before they left for the south before they returned again next summer.”
― Ali Smith, The Whole Story and Other Stories

“Man doeth this and doeth that from the good or evil of his heart; but he knows not to what end his sense doth prompt him; for when he strikes he is blind to where the blow shall fall, nor can he count the airy threads that weave the web of circumstance. Good and evil, love and hate, night and day, sweet and bitter, man and woman, heaven above and the earth beneath--all those things are needful, one to the other, and who knows the end of each?”
― H. Rider Haggard, She: A History of Adventure

“Brass shines with constant usage, a beautiful dress needs wearing,
Leave a house empty, it rots.”
― Ovid, The Erotic Poems

“Funny that. We live in islands of Hours and we never seem to have time enough for anything...”
― Clive Barker, Abarat: Absolute Midnight

“Time after time have nations, ay, and rich and strong nations, learned in the arts, been, and passed away to be forgotten, so that no memory of them remains. This is but one of several; for Time eats up the works of man.”
― H. Rider Haggard, She: A History of Adventure

“For some reason, the sight of snow descending on fire always makes me think of the ancient world – legionaries in sheepskin warming themselves at a brazier: mountain altars where offerings glow between wintry pillars; centaurs with torches cantering beside a frozen sea – scattered, unco-ordinated shapes from a fabulous past, infinitely removed from life; and yet bringing with them memories of things real and imagined. These classical projections, and something in the physical attitudes of the men themselves as they turned from the fire, suddenly suggested Poussin’s scene in which the Seasons, hand in hand and facing outward, tread in rhythm to the notes of the lyre that the winged and naked greybeard plays. The image of Time brought thoughts of mortality: of human beings, facing outwards like the Seasons, moving hand in hand in intricate measure: stepping slowly, methodically, sometimes a trifle awkwardly, in evolutions that take recognisable shape: or breaking into seeminly meaningless gyrations, while partners disappear only to reappear again, once more giving pattern to the spectacle: unable to control the melody, unable, perhaps, to control the steps of the dance.”
― Anthony Powell, A Question of Upbringing

“We are like fruitflies, measuring everything in terms of our own lifespan. But since our lifespans are so short, our perspective is entirely wrong.

God, who inhabits eternity, sees things differently. He knows that our lives are just a mist. We should trust Him. It was not that long ago that Jesus came and it will not be that long before He returns.”
― Douglas Wilson

“Time for us began to be measured by moments when we spoke, and moments when we longed to speak again.”
― Richie Singh, Chasing Butterflies

“Time, Eddie had decided during this period, was in large part created by external events. When a lot of interesting shit was happening, time seemed to go by fast. If you got stuck with nothing but the usual boring shit, it slowed down. And when everything stopped happening, time apparently quit altogether. Just packed up and went to Coney Island. Weird but true.”
― Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla

“Time makes us pointless.”
― Sebastian Faulks, Engleby

“We have been cut off, the past has been ended and the family has broken up and the present is adrift in its wheelchair. ... That is no gap between the generations, that is a gulf. The elements have changed, there are whole new orders of magnitude and kind. [...]

My grandparents had to live their way out of one world and into another, or into several others, making new out of old the way corals live their reef upward. I am on my grandparents' side. I believe in Time, as they did, and in the life chronological rather than in the life existential. We live in time and through it, we build our huts in its ruins, or used to, and we cannot afford all these abandonings.”
― Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose

“He was thinking what a long and wide thing time is, to have so many happenings in it.”
― Russell Hoban, Soonchild

“With time comes perspective.”
― Joshua Wisenbaker

“Is there anything more plausible than a second hand? And yet it takes only the smallest pleasure or pain to teach us time's malleability. Some emotions speed it up, others slow it down; occasionally, it seems to go missing--until the eventual point when it really does go missing, never to return.”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“Though why should we expect age to mellow us? If it isn't life's business to reward merit, why should it be life's business to give us warm, comfortable feelings towards its end? What possible evolutionary purpose could nostalgia serve?”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“What is time
a November leaf
a child's vacillating mouth
a rose
a left-over, half-drunk glass of water.”
― Ilhan Berk

“We're not really conscious of what we're doing most of the time.”
― Sebastian Faulks, Engleby

“These were reflections that required some time to soften; but time will do almost every thing…”
― Jane Austen, Mansfield Park

“The city which lay below was a charnel house built on multi-layered bones centuries older than those which lay beneath the cities of Hamburg or Dresden. Was this knowledge part of the mystery it held for her, a mystery felt most strongly on a bell-chimed Sunday on her solitary exploration of its hidden alleys and squares? Time had fascinated her from childhood, its apparent power to move at different speeds, the dissolution it wrought on minds and bodies, her sense that each moment, all moments past and those to come, were fused into an illusory present which with every breath became the unalterable, indestructible past. In the City of London these moments were caught and solidified in stone and brick, in churches and monuments and in bridges which spanned the grey-brown ever-flowing Thames. She would walk out in spring or summer as early as six o'clock, double-locking the front door behind her, stepping into a silence more profound and mysterious than the absence of noise. Sometimes in this solitary perambulation it seenmed that her own footsteps were muted, as if some part of her were afraid to waken the dead who had walked thse streets and had known the same silence.”
― P.D. James, The Private Patient

“I don't know what happened to me," he said, shaking his head. "I honestly don't." ...
"You grew up, Alex.”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“Time is precious, so use it wisely in every area of your life including having a relationship with God through"The Door", Jesus Christ! No one knows how much time that they have to live, so don't allow time to run out on you!”
― Anita R. Sneed-Carter

“Good plan," Freddy was saying. "Let's get some decent sleep. Tomorrow we can shake our gravy asses into town and do some sluething.”
― Ali Sparkes, Frozen in Time

“Dry snow coming down in the hills.
Magpies hair-triggered and thuggish in worn trees.
A wall has started to fall in you, it will take years to land.”
― Tim Lilburn, Moosewood Sandhills

“Time's a goon right? Isn't that the expression?”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“It turns out there is only one possible thing to do in this circumstance, to wait the only way there is to wait through eternity, and that is through creativity.”
― Last Man Standing, WHEN YOU LIVE YOUR LIFE RIGHT, THERE'S NOTHING TO WRITE ABOUT

“The clock sweats out each minute
of what meat is left to us.”
― Joseph Bathanti, This Metal

“In the first of our conversations, you explained how different time was for you—how it’s an abstraction. Some hours glide past like birds, others are slow, plodding behemoths, stubborn and unwilling to leave.”
― Douglas Sterling, Hidden Chapter Winter 2012

“And along with indifference to space, there was an even more complete indifference to time. "There seems to be plenty of it", was all I would answer when the investigator asked me to say what I felt about time. Plenty of it, but exactly how much was entirely irrelevant. I could, of course, have looked at my watch but my watch I knew was in another universe. My actual experience had been, was still, of an indefinite duration. Or alternatively, of a perpetual present made up of one continually changing apocalypse.”
― Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell

“I could give all to Time except -- except
What I myself have held. But why declare
The things forbidden that while the Customs slept
I have crossed to Safety with? For I am There,
And what I would not part with I have kept.”
― Robert Frost, The Poetry of Robert Frost

“I saw a news report recently that measured average video game use by American men between the ages of twenty-five and thirty-five: twenty hours per week. Do you mean the flower of America's masculinity can't think of anything more important to do with twenty hours a week than sit in front of a video screen? Folks, this ain't normal. Can't we unplug already?”
― Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World

“And the reason Luke is thinking about time and free will is because he believes that money is the closest human beings have ever come to crystallizing time and free will into a compact physical form. Cash. Cash is a time crystal. Cash allows you to multiply your will, and it allows you to speed up time. Cash is what defines us as a species. Nothing else in the universe has money.”
― Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us

“Names turned over by time, like the plough turning the soil. Bringing up the new while the old were buried in the mud.”
― Joe Abercrombie, The Heroes

“You have carried a branch of tomorrow into the room-its frangrance awakened me.”
― Robert Duncan

“The guide invited the crowd to imagine that they were looking across a desert at a mountain range on a day that was twinkling bright and clear. They could look at a peak or a bird or cloud, at a stone right in front of them, or even down into a canyon behind them. But among them was this poor Earthling, and his head was encased in a steel sphere which he could never take off. There was only one eyehole through which he could look, and welded to that eyehole were six feet of pipe.

"This was only the beginning of Billy's miseries in the metaphor. He was also strapped to a steel lattice which was bolted to a flatcar on rails, and there was no way he could turn his head or touch the pipe. The far end of the pipe rested on a bi-pod which was also bolted to the flatcar. All Billy could see was the little dot at the end of the pipe. He didn't know he was on a flatcar, didn't even know there was anything peculiar about his situation.

"The flatcar sometimes crept, sometimes went extremely fast, often stopped--went uphill, downhill, around curves, along straightaways. Whatever poor Billy saw through the pipe, he had no choice but to say to himself, 'That's life.”
― Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five

“Too often we only identify the crucial points in our lives in retrospect. At the time we are too absorbed in the fetid detail of the moment to spot where it is leading us. But not this time. I was experiencing one of my dad’s deafening moments. If my life could be understood as a meal of many courses (and let’s be honest, much of it actually was), then I had finished the starters and I was limbering up for the main event. So far, of course, I had made a stinking mess of it. I had spilled the wine. I had dropped my cutlery on the floor and sprayed the fine white linen with sauce. I had even spat out some of my food because I didn’t like the taste of it.

“But it doesn’t matter because, look, here come the waiters. They are scraping away the debris with their little horn and steel blades, pulled with studied grace from the hidden pockets of their white aprons. They are laying new tablecloths, arranging new cutlery, placing before me great domed wine glasses, newly polished to a sparkle. There are more dishes to come, more flavors to try, and this time I will not spill or spit or drop or splash. I will not push the plate away from me, the food only half eaten. I am ready for everything they are preparing to serve me. Be in no doubt; it will all be fine.” (pp.115-6)”
― Jay Rayner, Eating Crow: A Novel of Apology

“There are only certain intervals of time when life of any sort is possible in an expanding universe and we can practise astronomy only during that habitable time interval in cosmic history.”
― John D. Barrow, The Book of Universes: Exploring the Limits of the Cosmos

“... time is a master of ceremonies who always ends up putting us in our rightful place, we advance, stop, and retreat according to his orders, our mistake lies in imagining that we can catch him out.”
― José Saramago, The Cave

“There are few things more mysterious than endings. I mean, for example, when did the Greek gods end, exactly? Was there a day when Zeus waved magisterially down from Olympus and Aphrodite and her lover Ares, and her crippled husband Hephaestus ) I always felt sorry for him), and all the rest got rolled up like a worn-out carpet?”
― Salley Vickers

“- В Апокалипсиса ангелът се кълне, че вече няма да има време.
- Знам. Това там е много вярно; ясно и точно. Когато човекът достигне щастието, няма да има вече време, защото не е нужно. Много вярна мисъл.
- Къде ще го дянат?
- Никъде няма да го дяват. Времето не е предмет, а идея. Ще угасне в ума.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Demons

“Is there anything more plausible than a second hand?”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“The calendar is a human invention; time does not exist on the spiritual level.”
― Isabel Allende, Kingdom of the Golden Dragon

“I had a sneaking suspicion that time was not constant, but I guess I could never prove it. I suppose it didn’t really matter. I even had a theory that time didn’t go in straight line at all. I knew I was no Albert Einstein, but I had the sneaking suspicion that everything had happened, was happening, or would happen was really happening all the time. There was no past, present, and future. Everything was going on all at once and forever. If that was true, then each moment was eternity.”
― Mark A Roeder

“Mr. Trask, do you think the thoughts of people suddenly become important at a given age? Do you have sharper feelings or clearer thoughts now than when you were ten? Do you see as well, hear as well, taste as vitally?”
― John Steinbeck

“Before she continued her search she sat in his revolving desk chair, and wept for the passing of time, and the necessary death of the well-loved, wise old man.”
― Robertson Davies, Tempest-Tost

“Soiled, forgotten coats of arms were carved above their massive doorways, and these unsettled Ted: such universal, defining symbols made meaningless by nothing more than time.”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“The Second Koran tells us that the darkness in ourselves is a sinister thing. It waits until we relax, it waits until we reach the most vulnerable moments, and then it snares us. I want to be dutiful. I want to do what I should. But when I go back to the tube, I think of where I am going; to that small house and my empty room. What will I do tonight? Make more paper flowers, more wreaths? I am sick of them. Sick of the Nekropolis.

I can take the tube to my mistress' house, or I can go by the street where Mardin's house is. I'm tired. I'm ready to go to my little room and relax. Oh, Holy One, I dread the empty evening. Maybe I should go by the street just to fill up time. I have all this empty time in front of me. Tonight and tomorrow and the week after and the next month and all down through the years as I never marry and become a dried-up woman. Evenings spent folding paper. Days cleaning someone else's house. Free afternoons spent shopping a bit, stopping in tea shops because my feet hurt. That is what lives are, aren't they? Attempts to fill our time with activity designed to prevent us from realizing that there is no meaning?”
― Maureen F. McHugh, Nekropolis

“Get busy with the issue! In this regard, time is not friendly…nor should it be.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“And the time sundials tell
May be minutes and hours. But it may just as well
Be seconds and sparkles, or seasons and flowers.
No, I don't think of time as just minutes and hours.
Time can be heartbeats, or bird songs, or miles,
Or waves on a beach, or ants in their files
(They do move like seconds—just watch their feet go:
Tick-tick-tick, like a clock). You'll learn as you grow
That whatever there is in a garden, the sun
Counts up on its dial. By the time it is done
Our sundial—or someone's— will certainly add
All the good things there are. Yes, and all of the bad.
And if anyone's here for the finish, the sun
Will have told him—by sundial—how well we have done.
How well we have done, or how badly. Alas,
That is a long thought. Let me hope we all pass.”
― John Ciardi, The Monster Den: or Look What Happened at My House — and to It

“The gnomons's shadow falls where it falls - and so do we. Where we are now is where a lifetime's worth of steps have taken us.”
― Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After

“Any clock that can track this sideral schedule proves itself as perfect as God's magnificent clockwork.

Dava Sobel”
― Dava Sobel, Longitude: The True Story of a Lone Genius Who Solved the Greatest Scientific Problem of His Time

“What's fame, after all? It can be what someone writes on your tombstone.”
― Peter Duncan

“she might have been pretty when she started out, but the world had moved on since then.”
― Stephen King

“It is truth, in the old saying, that is 'the daughter of time,' and the lapse of half a century has not left us many of our illusions. Churchill tried and failed to preserve one empire. He failed to preserve his own empire, but succeeded in aggrandizing two much larger ones. He seems to have used crisis after crisis as an excuse to extend his own power. His petulant refusal to relinquish the leadership was the despair of postwar British Conservatives; in my opinion this refusal had to do with his yearning to accomplish something that 'history' had so far denied him—the winning of a democratic election.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays

“Te ir tava uzvara, dzīve, šajās vienkāršajās lietās, mazajās lietās, kuras katrs laks kā izslāpis līdz mūža galam un, to apreibināts, maldīdamies pagalmu bastionos, alks tikai vienu – dienas un nakts mūžīgo maiņu.”
― Inga Ābele, Paisums

“Tempo ou oportunidade não determinam a intimidade, apenas a disposição.”
― Jane Austen

“Time is simply the measurement of human progression against that of existence.”
― Gerald M. Givens

“It was nice to borrow a slice of extra time.”
― Francesca Marciano, Casa Rossa

“Ce matin, l'idée m'est venue pour la première fois que mon corps, ce fidèle compagnon, cet ami plus sûr, mieux connu de moi que mon âme, n'est qu'un monstre sournois qui finira par dévorer son maître.”
― Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian

“Genealogy becomes a mania, an obsessive struggle to penetrate the past and snatch meaning from an infinity of names. At some point the search becomes futile – there is nothing left to find, no meaning to be dredged out of old receipts, newspaper articles, letters, accounts of events that seemed so important fifty or seventy years ago. All that remains is the insane urge to keep looking, insane because the searcher has no idea what he seeks. What will it be? A photograph? A will? A fragment of a letter? The only way to find out is to look at everything, because it is often when the searcher has gone far beyond the border of futility that he finds the object he never knew he was looking for.”
― Henry Wiencek, The Hairstons: An American Family in Black and White

“Our mind has its own ideal time, which is no other but the consciousness of the progressive development of our beings.”
― August Wilhelm Schlegel

“If time is precious, no book that will not improve by repeated readings deserves to be read at all.”
― Thomas Carlyle, Essays on Goethe

“Those times are over and gone, and good-riddance to them, too. We were hopelessly high-spirited. Now we're the thick-waisted generation, dragging along our children behind us and carrying our parents on our backs. And we're in charge, while the figures who used to command our respect are wasting away.”
― Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West

“For Heidegger, boredom is a privileged fundamental mood because it leads us directly into the very problem complex of being and time.”
― Lars Fr. H. Svendsen, A Philosophy of Boredom

“The diaries of opium-eaters record how, during the brief period of ecstasy, the drugged person's dreams have a temporal scope of ten, thirty, sometimes sixty years or even surpass all limits of man's ability to experience time--dreams, that is, whose imaginary time span vastly exceeds their actual duration and which are characterized by an incredible diminishment of the experience of time, with images thronging past so swiftly that, as one hashish-smoke puts it, the intoxicated user's brain seems "to have something removed, like the mainspring from a broken watch.”
― Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain

“Time is the Mind of Space.”
― Samuel Alexander, Space, Time and Deity: The Gifford Lectures at Glasgow Part One

“No really. If you only have seven years left, that means the Reaper will be dropping round for tea and buns in about 61,000 hours from now. You therefore shouldn’t be wasting time by pootling to the garden centre at walking pace. So come on, grandad. The clock’s ticking. Pedal to the metal. Or you’ll be in your flowerbed before the plants you bought.”
― Jeremy Clarkson

“I must reluctantly observe that two causes, the abbreviation of time, and the failure of hope, will always tinge with a browner shade the evening of life.”
― Edward Gibbon, Memoirs of My Life

“The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot. Think of the endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds.”
― Carl Sagan

“We repeatedly tell patients we are not in a hurry; there are no trains to catch and we don't care when the baby comes, only how! A doctor who is in a hurry does not belong in the field of obstetrics. As my chief pointed out, 'An obstetrician should have a big rear end and the good sense to sit calmly thereupon and let nature take its course.”
― Robert A. Bradley, Husband-Coached Childbirth: The Bradley Method of Natural Childbirth

“Bruno withdrew from the field of history more resolutely than Vigo; that is why I prefer the former’s retrospect but the latter’s prospect. As an anarch, I am determined to go along with nothing, ultimately take nothing seriously – at least not nihilistically, but rather as a border guard in no man’s land, who sharpens his eyes and ears between the tides.”
― Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil

“So long as we think of it objectively, time is Fate or Chance, the factor in our lives for which we are not responsible, and about which we can do nothing; but when we begin to think of it subjectively, we feel responsible for our time, and the notion of punctuality arises.”
― W.H. Auden, The Complete Works of W.H. Auden: Prose, Volume III: 1949-1955

“The schoolroom clock was worn raw by stares; and you couldn't look up at the big Puritanical face of it and not feel the countless years of young eyes reflected in it, urging it onwards. It was a dark, old spirit that didn't so much mark time as bequeath it.”
― Tod Wodicka, All Shall Be Well; And All Shall Be Well; And All Manner of Things Shall Be Well

“Confronted with the choice between having time and having things, we’ve chosen to have things. Today it is a luxury to read what Socrates said, not because the books are expensive, but because our time is scarce.”
― Gabriel Zaid, So Many Books: Reading and Publishing in an Age of Abundance

“I think I have many spenglerian moods about the country, and that some day people will look back and think 'this was a really goofy, unadmirable stupid time.”
― Dick Cavett

“Changes is the mother of time.
Absence of changes makes no time.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“He had never been a social man. He had shunned causes with contempt and disgust. They were for pig-simple suckers and people with too much time and money on their hands”
― Stephen King, The Running Man

“Contemporary' was in those days [1953] synonymous with 'modern' as it had not been before and is not now [1977].”
― A.S. Byatt, The Virgin in the Garden

“When I sit up I am greeted by the world. Level with the treetops I look down on sparrows swooping in and out of the branches. The tide, the new rising moon, the clouds, the wind - these greet me. These are my allies. The whole planet is laid out before me and available for whatever adventure the day will take me on.
By comparison, living in society seems to require an alarm clock. Primarily assembled from angst and fish anuses, these contraptions, regardless of your soul's whereabouts, will slap and assault you into a pitiful state of what passes for consciousness. Your first sight is the Time, an arragement of molecules on the clock's face to whom you will be enslaved for the rest of the day. You may as well call him "master." Next, a pile of dirty clothes on the floor, a knocked-over glass of water, and so forth, until you are so overwhelmed with despair that to prevent hurling yourself through the window, you must ignore your personal bill of rights, put on an acceptable frown, and go about your business, disregarding the pleas from you increasingly timid soul.”
― Daniel Hays, On Whale Island: Notes from a Place I Never Meant to Leave

“We pass through Time from birth in order to have from where to come, together with death.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“What a greater crime. Than loss of time.”
― Thomas Tusser, Five Hundred Points of Good Husbandry as Well for the Champion or Open Countrey, as Also for the Woodland or Several, Mixed in Every Moneth, with Houswifery, Over and Besides the Book of Houswifery

“He noticed Miss Bettie was wearing a watch, a steel Rolex with diamond chips. "What time is it?" he asked. Miss Bettie glanced at him and laughed. "You do seem to have difficulty remembering, don't you? Well, then, I shall tell you. It's now, Joshua Cane. Always and only now.”
― Sean Stewart, Galveston

“Still men be clever and in an hundred centuries or more, perchance will have found a way to journey thither; when that they have discovered and understood all things on the earth. What will a man be like in the xxvii century, or even the xx? Very like unto us, I do expect; I do not think that man’s nature shall change; nor do I anticipate that he will be the wiser than we, for all his learning, for ‘tis a part of that nature which is ours that we do not heed the lessons of history: neither our own, nor the world’s.”
― Chico Kidd, The Printer's Devil

“Chronotropic Drugs:
Drugs engineered to affect one's sense of time. Chronodecelocotropic drugs have no short term effect but over time give one the impression that time feels longer. Chronoaccelocotropic drugs have the opposite effect.”
― Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us

“I know none of Time’s cardinal pillar on which it says forever just because eternity is not Time anymore.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“It was difficult to imagine that a full day hadn't yet passed since we boarded the airliner in New York. I paused. Medieval man believed that one was placed beyond the touch of time, and therefore aging, while attending Mass. What, I wondered, would he have made of those hours we left up in the sky? I would not change my watch until I gave the matter more thought.”
― Tod Wodicka, All Shall Be Well; And All Shall Be Well; And All Manner of Things Shall Be Well

“Pensa-se de dia – a – dia. Se começamos a pensar no futuro, no nosso futuro pessoal, perdemos a coragem. E, de repente, lembramo-nos de todas as coisas que fizemos e que foram um desperdício de tempo… os minutos que desperdiçámos e que nunca podemos reaver. E apercebemo-nos de que o tempo é a coisa mais preciosa de todas. Porque o tempo é a vida. É a única coisa que nunca podemos recuperar. É possível perder uma rapariga e quem sabe voltar a conquistá-la… ou encontrar outra. Mas um segundo, este segundo, quando se vai, é irreversível.”
― Jacqueline Susann, Valley of the Dolls

“It had to do with the way women throughout time has known the feel of love when it came to them.”
― Peg Sutherland, Pirate Moon

“You know the horrible life of the alarm clock – it’s a monster that has always appalled me because of the number of things its eyes project, and the way that good fellow stares at me when I enter a room.”
― Jacques Vache

“[D]as Gedächtnis [ist] schwach und der Lauf eines Lebens kurz und alles [geschieht] so rasch, dass wir den Zusammenhang zwischen den Ereignissen nicht mehr sehen, die Folgen der Taten nicht mehr ermessen können, wir glauben an die Fiktion der Zeit, an Gegenwart, Vergangenheit und Zukunft, aber es kann auch sein, dass alles gleichzeitig geschieht [...]”
― Isabel Allende, La casa de los espíritus

“Time and space are awash here.”
― Jerome Lawrence, The Night Thoreau Spent in Jail

“The dusty tombs of long-dead exorcist priests lay in the alcoves below, surmounted by stone effigies, the features eroded by the passing of time and the reverent caresses of their grateful parishioners, a reminder, she knew all too well, of the brevity of life.”
― Sarah Ash

“On the church vaulting above was the clock-face of eternity, void of number and serving as its own hand, only one black finger was pointing and the dead wanted to tell the time by it.”
― Jean Paul

“There is no necessity to live by the clock.”
― Patricia Clapp, Jane-Emily

“There's nothing crueler than time. It stretches when you're in pain, flies away if you're happy, and crushes you when you remember all the years that are now gone.”
― Jeaniene Frost, Wicked Bite

“You’ll be surprised to see what can collect in a mattress over the months, over the years. Every day, every night of our lives, we’re leaving little bits of ourselves, flakes of this and that, behind. Where do they go, these bits and pieces of ourselves?”
― Raymond Carver, Will You Please Be Quiet, Please?

“Creating more time is not logistical, but attitudinal.”
― Alan Cohen

“When day by day the days gets passed as the good or bad days, it’s a mistake to expect better days without being better ourselves. Remember, the reach of the day is as long as our dedication & commitment makes it.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Temporary can mean six seconds or six years, and you never know, because temporary never feels temporary.”
― J. Andrew Schrecker

“A statement can be truthful when it is said or written, but untruthful when it is heard or read.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The New Testament doesn’t mention any of these Christian feasts, and some Christians think it’s wrong for the church to observe any feast besides the weekly Lord’s Day. Since it’s not commanded, it’s forbidden. But we aren’t children any more. Our calendar isn’t controlled by the sun, moon, and stars. We don’t need direct revelation from God to schedule times with the Bridegroom. We’re in heavenly places with Jesus as time lords. The church’s leaders, like Mordecai, have authority to establish feasts and commemorations in keeping with the model of Israel’s calendar, which is laid out so carefully in the Bible.”
― Peter Leithart, Theopolitan Liturgy

“we woke up running always
bound to lists, schedules, appointments

we were broken into seconds, minutes, hours, days, years

time never allowed us to be whole
and we became as artificial as time itself”
― Nitya Prakash

“Time doesn’t offer a refund.”
― Gina Barreca

“It's not true. I haven't changed.
In my dreams
You are twenty, always.”
― Kirmen Uribe

“How green was my Valley, then, and the Valley of them that have gone.”
― Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley

“The right moment will never exist until and unless you create it.”
― Manan Verma, Wait Late: Waiting is not the right option execution is

“The need is just to put the right piece, at the right place, at the right time.”
― Manan Verma, Wait Late: Why waiting is not the right option execution is

“Calendars, dates, and clocks were just not an accurate way to measure some things.”
― Jeanine Frost

“Lost money is not lost beyond recall, But loss of time brings on the loss of all.”
― Geoffrey Chaucer

“So are you willing to spend your numbered days to settle in a bad relationship? To spend time at a job that you never loved? To waste your days reminiscing the past, or to hold grudges for people who did you wrong? None of these things are worth sacrificing your life for. When you see life for the fragile gift it is, you would not want to spend even a second resenting or being frustrated.”
― Mridula Singh, Live More: Magic Begins with You

“And that's how it was, that night,
shadow and space, earth
and time,
something that runs and falls
and passes.
And that's how all the nights
go over the earth,
leaving only a vague
black odor.
A leaf falls,
a drop
on the earth
muffles its sound,
the forest sleeps, the waters,
the meadows,
the bells,
the eyes.

I hear you and you breathe,
my love,
we sleep.”
― Pablo Neruda, The Essential Neruda: Selected Poems

“Time is always the price we pay for the unlived life.”
― André Aciman, Find Me

“[Resolving intractable conflicts] takes time. John Paul Lederach once said that he almost got thrown out of a meeting in Northern Ireland regarding the conflict there when he suggested it might take them a long to get out of the conflict as it had to get into it (centuries). This is of course not always the case, but it is a prudent consideration.”
― Peter T. Coleman, The Five Percent: Finding Solutions to Seemingly Impossible Conflicts

“There is not necessarily a correlation between how much time or effort a thing demands and how important or useful it is.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“A few minutes wasted regularly can amount to over a year within a decade.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The past of authentic history indeed was, but it is by no means over and done with. It is not done with because it is not done with us. And because we are the historical beings that we are, we are not done with it.”
― George Joseph Seidel, Martin Heidegger and the Pre-Socratics: An Introduction to His Thought

“Being off the clock implies time freedom, yet time freedom stems from time discipline. You must know where the time goes in order to transcend the ceaseless ticking.”
― Laura Vanderkam, Off the Clock: Feel Less Busy While Getting More Done

“To discover what time is look well at music, for in music time is exactly measured and defined with rhythm and soul.”
― Scott E Shjefte

“What is time? Who can explain this easily and briefly? Who can comprehend this even in thought so as to articulate the answer in words? Yet what do we speak of, in our familiar everyday conversation, more than of time? We surely know what we mean when we speak of it. We also know what is meant when we hear someone else talking about it. What then is time? Provided that no one asks me, I know. If I want to explain it to an inquirer, I do not know. But I confidently affirm myself to know that if nothing passes away, there is no past time, and if nothing arrives, there is no future time, and if nothing existed there would be no present time. Take the two tenses, past and future. How can they 'be' when the past is not now present and the future is not yet present? Yet if the present were always present, it would not pass into the past: it would not be time but eternity. If then, in order to be time at all, the present is so made that it passes into the past, how can we say that this present also 'is'? The cause of its being is that it will cease to be. So indeed we cannot truly say that time exists except in the sense that it tends toward non-existence.”
― Augustine of Hippo, Confessions

“There is no beginning and end of a moment in time.”
― Khalid Masood

“The practice of staying present will heal you. Obsessing about how the future will turn out creates anxiety. Replaying broken scenarios from the past causes anger or sadness. Stay here, in the moment.”
― Sylvester McNutt III

“Do you know my dragon?' I ask.
'I do,' she says, 'and it is time we get him out of your head. He doesn't belong there.”
― Jan Esh & Stephen Nauta, Help! There's a Dragon in My Head

“[Introverts] are also more flexible in a sense, in that sometimes they must do what extraverts do all the time, meet strangers and go to parties. But some extraverted people can avoid being introverted, turning inward, for years at a time.”
― Elaine N. Aron, The Highly Sensitive Person: How to Thrive When the World Overwhelms You

“We have more story than time to tell it - but I suppose that's true for all of us.”
― Courtney Summers, Sadie

“Every time I see a baby my heart dances with joy and my mind appreciates her for taking us into the distant future.”
― ApolloM

“Whatever the claims of memes to be regarded as replicators in the same sense as genes, the first part of this chapter established that individual organisms are not replicators.”
― Richard Dawkins, The Extended Phenotype: The Long Reach of the Gene

“Always take time to celebrate achievements whether great or small”
― Charmaine J. Forde

“Do not let the mortality of a moment hold you back from living an eternity in that time.”
― Sherry Namdeo

“She stared at me, like day stares at an hourglass and night, the sand trickling through time; the sea disappearing to eyes in the dark. But I hear her waves coming in, as she whispers one last chance goodbye.”
― Anthony Liccione

“It was the happiest time of my life. I was useful, I was learning, I was away from my father. I look back at that time with extreme fondness. It seems rather far away now, but that is what age does. Time is such a villain.”
― Michelle Franklin, Tales from Frewyn

“When you take time to be kind to others-you're being kind to yourself also”
― Charmaine J. Forde

“<...> чтобы показать им, что такое настоящее тремоло. Самому же Глебу оно напоминало время: было таким же ровным и поглощало ноты так же, как время – события.”
― Inga Knysh

“Время Глеб открыл для себя лет в 13-14. Еще недавно оно не двигалось, было, можно сказать, вечностью, а теперь всё изменилось. Сначала воникли годы, и каждый из них был особенным в том числе, что не имел ничего общего с другими годами. Словно бы прилетал из космоса, безродный и непредсказуемый. А этот, последний год неожиданно нашел для себя ряд. Он был зависим от предыдущим лет и определял характер лет последующих. И вообще не был бескрайним, как прежние годы.”
― INGA KNYSH

“THE RAIN CAN'T STOP, TIME KEEPS CLICKING”
― Jordan Hoechlin

“You want it or not but with time, memories are going to fade. Wounds will be healed and life will give you plenty opportunities to be happy.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Then for a brief moment he saw everything completely differently. Open space, empty and endless, stretched away in all “directions. Everything within this dead expanse, every living thing was helpless and alone. Things were happening by accident, and when the accident failed, automatic law appeared – the rhythmical machinery of nature, the cogs and pistons of history, conformity with the rules that was rotting from the inside and crumbling to dust. Cold and sorrow reigned everywhere. Every creature was trying to huddle up to something, to cling to something, to things, to each other, but all that resulted was suffering and despair.

The quality of what Izydor saw was temporality. Under a colourful outer coating everything was merging in collapse, decay, and destruction.”
― Olga Tokarczuk, Primeval and Other Times

“...she says, Even when you think you can't bear it, you can bear it.

He doesn't say anything.

Sometimes you have to let time carry you past your troubles, she says. Believe me. I have been where you are.”
― Lauren Groff, Arcadia

“Grief as a low-grade fever. His sadness is a hive at the back of his head: he moves slowly to keep from being stung. Things bunch together, smooth endlessly out.”
― Lauren Groff

“They continued across the seemingly endless sands, watering every grain with their sweat, anointing every granule with their strain. In the hourglass of time the sands continued to shift, and they couldn't find their way outside the glass. Their shadows struggled with them, hauling and heaving, dropping with them, and clambering up with them, and reminding them constantly that otherwise they were alone.”
― Dean F. Wilson, Hopebreaker

“The Road Back

The car is heavy with children
tugged back from summer,
swept out of their laughing beach,
swept out while a persistent rumour
tells them nothing ends.
Today we fret and pull
on wheels, ignore our regular loss
of time, count cows and others
while the sun moves over
like an old albatross
we must not count nor kill.
There is no word for time.
Today we will
not think to number another summer
or watch its white bird into the ground
Today, all cars,
all fathers, all mothers, all
children and lovers will
have to forget
about that thing in the sky,
going around
like a persistent rumour
that will get us yet.”
― Anne Sexton

“If you want to save time, be honest. If you want to save your life, be courageous.”
― Maxime Lagacé

“The ancient and the modern blended together in haunting harmony. The war looked like a dream here; a fantasy dwarfed by the sands of time.”
― Zita Steele, The Hidden Sphinx: A Tale of World War II Egypt

“Kindness is invaluable,
Take time to be kind to others”
― Charmaine J. Forde

“Time is the mother of all fundamental forces of nature.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time is the mother of dimensions.”
― Khalid Masood

“The proper study of God is the nature of time.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time is the unified fundamental force of nature.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time' is the only player who you should trust!”
― Somya Kedia

“Once, very long ago, Time fell in love with Fate.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Starless Sea

“Some of us would take our time, if we knew that we are rushing to our deaths.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Even most of those who really never have time to read a book usually have more than enough time to listen to one.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“And then he - Tchaikovsky - turned towards the little lectern that was on the stage, picked up his baton and held it in the air. He paused a moment. It was like watching an old wizard with a wand, summoning the energy needed to cast a spell...
Time slowed inside that moment.
Then the music began.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“Welcome to your very first lesson," she was happy to announce. "Before we begin, I have one question to ask you. Can anyone tell me what the difference is between a wound and a scar? Between weakness and strength? And between hatred and love?"
Emerelda raised her hand. "Is it time?" she asked.
"Correct!" Madame Weatherberry cheered.
"How did you know that?" Tangerina asked.
"She's an hour late and she's dressed in clocks," Emerelda said. "I figured it was a safe bet."
"Time is the most complex device in the universe," Madame Weatherberry went on. "It is both the problem and the solution to most of life's dilemmas. It heals all wounds, but in the end, it takes us all. Unfortunately, time is rarely in anyone's favor. We have too little or too much but never the time we want or need. Sometimes we're born into a time that doesn't value us, and too often, we let those times determine how we value ourselves. So for your first assignment, you are going to get rid of any unfavorable opinions, insecurities, or self-hatred that the times have instilled within you. If we are going to successfully change the world's perspective of us, we must start by hanging our perspective of ourselves.”
― Chris Colfer, A Tale of Magic...

“So be very careful how you spend your time. There is nothing more precious. In the twinkling of an eye, heaven may be won or lost... Man will have no excuse before God at the Day of Judgment when he gives an account of how he spent his time.”
― Anonymous, The Cloud of Unknowing

“Music is about time,' I told her. 'It is about controlling time.'
When she stopped playing, she looked thoughtful for a moment and said something like, 'I sometimes want to stop time. I sometimes want, in a happy moment, for a church bell never to ring again. I want not to ever have to go to the marker again. I want for the starlings to stop flying in the sky... But we are all at the mercy of time. We are all the strings, aren't we?”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“A kiss,' she said, 'is like music. It stops time... If you feel for someone, just one single kiss can stop the sparrows, they say. Do you think that can happen?'
And she placed the lute beside her on the bed and kissed me and I closed my eyes and the rest of the world faded. There was nothing else. Nothing but her. She was the stars and the heavens and the oceans. There was nothing but that single fragment of time, and this bud of love we had planted inside it. And then, at some point after it started, the kiss ended, and I stroked her hair, and the church bells rang in the distance and everything in the world was in alignment.”
― Matt Haig

“Time is an abundance that continues on, we fabricate a false construct to control it.”
― Owen D Hill

“Ultimately, it was Super Mario Bros. that taught me what remains perhaps the most important lesson of my life. ... There is no turning back, only going forward — for Mario and Luigi, for me, and for you. Life only scrolls in one direction, which is the direction of time, and no matter how far we might manage to go, that invisible wall will always be just behind us, cutting us off from the past, compelling us on into the unknown.”
― Edward Snowden, Permanent Record

“Oysa geçmiş, uğurladığımız bir misafir, gelecek ise henüz tanımadığımız bir yabancıya benziyordu. İkisi de bizden değildi. Bizden olmayanlar ise bizim dikkatimizi her zaman daha fazla çekmişlerdi.”
― Yeşim Türköz, Büyü Dükkanı

“Time spent in the presence of God is fulfilling.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“All these nows happening at once. And if all our nows happen at once, then death—it’s just a scavenger hunt through time.”
― Shana Youngdahl, As Many Nows as I Can Get

“Just months ago [...] She would not have understood [...] that time is not linear but circular. There is no past, present, future. Roya was the woman she was today and the seventeen-year-old girl in the Stationery Shop, always. She and Bahman were one, and she and Walter were united. Kyle was her soul and Marigold would never die.”
― Marjan Kamali, The Stationery Shop

“Aveau destul timp, și unul și altul, întreg timpul care îi va separa din momentul în care unul din ei ar muri.”
― Georges Simenon, Pisica. Casa de pe canal

“Time is everything. Speed is of the essence.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice, The Law of the Universe

“Time doesn’t offer a refund. We don’t get to try on the future the way we try on a bathing suit and then decide we don’t like it once we see what it looks like in natural light.”
― Gina Barreca

“Every year has an expiration date, as does every lifetime. Even the finest wine can’t age forever.”
― Gina Barreca

“Words will never oxidize”
― Mary Flanagan, Ghost Sentence

“When we sing, we can do anything—change the world, bring peace, be our best selves at last. When we sing, our hearts can lift and fly, over the troubled waters and over the years.”
― Judy Collins, Sweet Judy Blue Eyes: My Life in Music

“You could not have wished to be born at a better time than this, when everything is lost.”
― Simone Weil, First and Last Notebooks

“Every moment of attention we spend scrolling through social media is attention spent making money for someone else. The numbers are staggering: a New York Times analysis calculated that as of 20414, Facebook users were spending a collective 39,757 years' worth of attention on the site, every single day. It's attention that we didn't spend on our families, or our friends, or ourselves. And just like time, once we've spent attention, we can never get it back.

This is a really big deal, because our attention is the most valuable thing we have. We experience only what we pay attention to. We remember only what we pay attention to. When we decide what to pay attention to in the moment, we are making a broader decision about how we want to spend our lives.”
― Catherine Price, How to Break Up with Your Phone: The 30-Day Plan to Take Back Your Life

“Deep inside each carried fear and stress and worry about illness and time, which came each day like a conscientious gardener to trim off a bit of their lives.”
― Christos Ikonomou, Κάτι θα γίνει, θα δεις

“Helpless, heartbroken and lonely, Katrien sank into the grass at the side of the road and wept—wept until she had no more tears. Darkness had already set in by the time she picked up the overturned basket and headed home. From somewhere in the grass came the gleam of a silver thimble…”
― Anne Frank, Anne Frank's Tales from the Secret Annex: A Collection of Her Short Stories, Fables, and Lesser-Known Writings, Revised Edition

“I'm sorry, Arty,' she whispered into his ear.
'Sorry for what?'
'For everything. For the last few months, I haven't been myself. But things are going to change. Time to stop living in the past.'
Artemis felt a tear on his cheek. He wasn't sure whose tear it was.”
― Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl

“One cannot help but wonder what used to get the huge portions of our attention that are now gotten by social media every single day.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The will to work must dominate, for art is long and time is brief.”
― Charles Baudelaire

“She realized then that time passes, but the imagination remains, even if it does not seem to exist. (Elle comprit alors que le temps passe, mais l'imagination reste, même si cela semble ne pas exister)”
― Charles de Leusse, Les Contes de la nuit

“People are no longer afraid of him.The spirit and the time are with him. (Il ne fait plus peur. L'esprit et le temps sont avec lui.)”
― Charles de Leusse, Les Contes de la nuit

“The kid was swell. He was walking in the street, instead of on the sidewalk, but right next to the curb. He was making out like he was walking a very straight line, the way kids do, and the whole time he kept singing and humming. I got up closer so I could hear what he was singing. He was singing that song, 'If a body catch a body coming through the rye.' He had a pretty little voice, too. He was just singing for the hell of it, you could tell. The cars zoomed by, brakes screeched all over the place, his parents paid no attention to him, and he kept on walking next to the curb and singing 'If a body catch a body coming through the rye.' It made me feel better. It made me feel not so depressed any more.”
― J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

“Once, very long ago, Time fell in love with Fate. This, as you might imagine, proved problematic. Their romance disrupted the flow of time. It tangled the strings of fortune into knots.  The stars watched from the heavens nervously, worrying what might occur. What might happen to the days and nights were time to suffer a broken heart? What catastrophes might result if the same fate awaited Fate itself? The stars conspired and separated the two. For a while they breathed easier in the heavens. Time continued to flow as it always had, or perhaps imperceptibly slower. Fate weaved together the paths that were meant to intertwine, though perhaps a string was missed here and there. But eventually, Fate and Time found each other again.  In the heavens, the stars sighed, twinkling and fretting. They asked the Moon her advice. The Moon in turn called upon the parliament of owls to decide how best to proceed. The parliament of owls convened to discuss the matter amongst themselves night after night. They argued and debated while the world slept around them, and the world continued to turn, unaware that such important matters were under discussion while it slumbered.  The parliament of owls came to the logical conclusion that if the problem was in the combination, one of the elements should be removed. They chose to keep the one they felt more important. The parliament of owls told their decision to the stars and the stars agreed. The Moon did not, but on this night she was dark and could not offer her opinion.  So it was decided, and Fate was pulled apart. Ripped into pieces by beaks and claws. Fate’s screams echoed through the deepest corners and the highest heavens but no one dared to intervene save for a small brave mouse who snuck into the fray, creeping unnoticed through the blood and bone and feathers, and took Fate’s heart and kept it safe. When the furor died down there was nothing else left of Fate.  The owl who consumed Fate’s eyes gained great site, greater site then any that had been granted to a mortal creature before. The Parliament crowned him the Owl King. In the heavens the stars sparkled with relief but the moon was full of sorrow. And so time goes as it should and events that were once fated to happen are left instead to chance, and Chance never falls in love with anything for long. But the world is strange and endings are not truly endings no matter how the stars might wish it so.  Occasionally Fate can pull itself together again.  And Time is always waiting.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Starless Sea

“And so Time goes on as it should and events that were once fated to happen are left instead to chance, and Chance never falls in love with anything for long.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Starless Sea

“Miguel Angel," he said, "It isn't hard to die. Everybody does it. Even flies do it. Everyone here is doing it. We're all terminal." He had a tear in his eye; Big Angel could see it brimming. "Your schedule is just different from mine.”
― Luis Alberto Urrea, The House of Broken Angels

“At the time, the library's fire prevention consisted of smoke detectors and handheld fire extinguishers. There were no sprinklers. The American Library Association, known informally as the ALA, always advised against sprinklers, because water damage was even worse for books than fire damage.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“He glanced at his watch: three twenty-seven in the afternoon, more or less. With a Rolex, he'd discovered, more or less had to be good enough.”
― John Sandford, Silent Prey

“better to be stoned in the plaza than to turn
the mill that squeezes out the juice of life,
that turns eternity into empty hours,
minutes into prisons, and time into
copper coins and abstract shit”
― Octavio Paz, Sunstone/Piedra De Sol

“Suffering awakens.
Time reveals.
Love heals.”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“Only a Photographer can stop the time.
Just by one click.”
― Biju Karakkonam, Nature and Wildlife Photographer

“რა არის დრო? საიდუმლოება – უსახელო და ყოვლისშემძლე, მოვლენათა სამყაროს განმსაზღვრელი პირობა, გადაჯაჭვული და შერწყმული სივრცეში სხეულების განლაგებასა და მოძრაობასთან. იარსებებდა კი დრო, მოძრაობა რომ არ ყოფილიყო? ან მოძრაობა კი იარსებებდა დროის გარეშე? კითხვა კითხვად რჩება! არის თუ არა დრო სივრცის ფუნქცია ან პირიქით? ან იქნებ ისინი ერთმანეთის იდენტურნი არიან? აქაც მხოლოდ კითხვას ვსვამთ! დრო მოქმედია, მას ზმნით გამოსახატავი თვისება გააჩნია, იგი „იწვევს", მაგრამ რას? ცვლილებას! „ახლა" და „მაშინ" ერთი და იგივე არ არის, „აქ" არ არის „იქ", რადგან მათ შორის მოძრაობა ძევს, მაგრამ ვინაიდან მოძრაობა, რომლის მეშვეობითაც დროს ვზომავთ, წრიულია და თავის თავში ჩაკეტილი, ამიტომ ასეთი მოძრაობისა და ცვლილებისთვის ასევე თავისუფლად შეიძლებოდა სიმშვიდე და უძრაობა გვეწოდებინა – „მაშინ" ხომ გამუდმებით მეორდება „ახლაში". „აქ" კი – ცნებაში „იქ". რაკი შემდეგ სასრული დრო და შემოსაზღვრული სივრცე ძალ-ღონის უსაშველოდ დაძაბვის ფასადაც კი ვერ წარმოიდგინეს, გადაწყვიტეს, დრო და სივრცე მარადიულად და უსასრულოდ „გაეაზრებინათ". ალბათ იფიქრეს, ასეთი განსაზღვრა საუკეთესო თუ არა, სხვაზე ოდნავ უკეთესი მაინც ხომ არისო. მაგრამ განა „მარადიულისა" და „უსასრულოს" შემოღება ყოველივე შემოსაზღვრულისა და სასრულის ლოგიკური გაანგარიშების გზით განადგურებას, შესაბამისად
კი მათ ნულამდე დაყვანას არ ნიშნავს? განა მარადისობაში შესაძლებელია თანმიმდევრობის, ანდა უსასრულობაში თანამეზობლობის არსებობა? როგორ შეუთავსდება მარადიულისა და უსასრულოს იძულებით ვარაუდს ისეთი ცნებები, როგორიცაა დაშორება, მოძრაობა, ცვლილება, ან თუნდაც კოსმოსში შემოსაზღვრული სხეულების არსებობა? აი, კითხვები, თუ გნებავთ, ეს არის!”
― Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain

“The hells move in cycles,
No man can see his own end.
The Gods have not returned. "They have never left us."
They have not returned.”
― Ezra Pound, The Cantos

“Gazing on a trillion stars, each reticent; mankind sells itself the illusion of accomplishment”
― Gyan Nagpal

“Als ik niet begrijp hoe dingen gaan, wil ik dat de wereld ophoudt met draaien, zodat ik tijd heb om te begrijpen hoe het gaat. Maar de wereld houdt niet op met draaien. Terwijl ik één ding probeer te begrijpen, komt er een tweede bij, dat ik ook probeer te begrijpen, maar ik was nog niet klaar met het begrijpen van dat eerste. Alsof je met je linkerhand hete soep opschept en tegelijkertijd met je rechterhand een broodje met pindakaas probeert te smeren. En dan is er vaak een derde ding dat ik moet begrijpen, maar ik heb geen handen meer vrij.”
― Erik Jan Harmens, Pauwl

“It’s time of the year when life slows down. It’s time for slow guitars and symphonies. It’s time you sit on the old wooden chair and bask in the old memories.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Time is the real karma.”
― Sabrina Newby

“I walked into a hotel & after going the menu, I ordered some food.

After about 20mins a group of guys walked in & ordered theirs. To my dismay, these folks got served first.

I even overhead one of them bragging about how he's connected to everyone in the hotel.

Unable to take it anymore, I called the waiter.

He calmly told me, "Urs is a special order, being prepared by the chief chef himself".

Theirs orders were prepared hurriedly by novices because the top chefs are busy with yours.

I calmed down & waited patiently.

Shortly after, my meal was served by 6 waiters.

Unknown to me, the owner (who happened to be a long lost friend) saw me when I entered and decided to surprise me.

She changed my simple meal to a five-star meal.

The party at the other table were shocked.

Such is life !

Some people are ahead of you, eating now, laughing at you, talking about how they are smarter, wiser and better than you, how they are well connected, blessed, have money and are enjoying life.

You are waiting tirelessly wondering why its taking so long to breakthrough, you endured mockery and humiliation.

Don't you worry!

Yours is a special meal. It takes time to prepare.
Wait and relax.”
― Nitya Prakash

“From the present we move into the present everlastingly.”
― Marty Rubin

“The tide can turn any time.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Revenge is ravaging, try not to plan it..
Karma will surely take its course..

But when u see Karma is taking too much time, act yourself..!
Karma might have planned you for that role..”
― Mahendar Singh Jakhar

“Another senior librarian I interviewed that day told me that seeing the library in ruins so traumatized her that she didn't get her period for the next four months.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“With Lundquist directing, the volunteers worked for the next three days around the clock. Most were strangers to each other, drawn together unexpectedly, and worked together for hours, diligently and peacefully. The formed a human chain, passing the books hand over hand from one person the the next, through the smoky building and out the door. It was as if, in the urgent moment, the people of Los Angeles formed a living library. They created, for that short time, a system to protect and pass along shared knowledge, to save what we know for each other, which is what libraries do everyday.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“With Lundquist directing, the volunteers worked for the next three days around the clock. Most were strangers to each other, drawn together unexpectedly, and worked together for hours, diligently and peacefully. The formed a human chain, passing the books hand over hand from one person the the next, through the smoky building and out the door. It was as if, in this urgent moment, the people of Los Angeles formed a living library. They created, for that short time, a system to protect and pass along shared knowledge, to save what we know for each other, which is what libraries do everyday.”
― Susan Orlean, The Library Book

“But where is the wolf? The wolf is like the copo de nieve.

Snowflake.

Snowflake. You catch the snowflake but when you look in your hand you dont have it no more. Maybe you see this dechado. But before you can see it it is gone. If you want to see it you have to see it on its own ground. If you catch it you lose it. And where it goes there is no coming back from. Not even God can bring it back.

The boy looked down at the thin and ropy claws that held his hand. The light from the high window had paled, the sun had set.

Escuchame, joven, the old man wheezed. If you could breathe a breath so strong you could blow out the wolf. Like you blow out the copo. Like you blow out the fire from the candela. The wolf is made the way the world is made. You cannot touch the world. You cannot hold it in your hand for it is made of breath only.”
― Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing

“The future crashing into the present like a wave.”
― Erin Morgenstern, The Starless Sea

“Walking does it for me all the time,
It helps my body and also my mind”
― Charmaine J. Forde

“Am I mad or am I just in a time warp?”
― Steven Magee

“Waste no time to worry about your want.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“আসলে সময় এক অত বিস্ময়কর শক্তি। এই শক্তি জগতের সবচেয়ে অসম্ভব, আশ্চর্য কাজটিও অবলীলায় করে দিতে পারে। আর তা হয়ে
মানুষের মন থেকে তীব্র কোনাে ক্ষত বা আঘাতের দাগ মুছে দেওয়া। সময়
নীরবে নিভৃতে তার কাজ করে যেতে থাকে। মানুষ বুঝতেও পারে না যে
সময় কখন, কীভাবে তার মন থেকে তার জীবনের সবচেয়ে গভীর, সবচেয়ে
তীব্র ক্ষতটি ফিকে করে ফেলেছে। মুছে ফেলেছে। জগতে সময়ের চেয়ে বড়
নিরাময়কারী আর নেই। সে সন্তান কিংবা মাতৃমৃত্যুর মতাে ভয়াবহ শােকও
ক্রমশ ঝাপসা করে দিতে থাকে। মুছে দিতে থাকে।”
― Sadat Hossain, মেঘেদের দিন

“Today, when philosophizing is so barbarous, so much like a St. Vitus' dance, as perhaps in no other period in the cultural history of the West, and when nevertheless the resurrection of metaphysics is hawked up and down all the streets, what Aristotle says in one of his most important investigations in the Metaphysics has been completely forgotten. Kai de kai to palai te kai nun kai aei zetoumenon kai aei aporoumenon, ti to on, touto esti tis he ousia. "That which has been sought for from old and now and in the future and constantly, and that on which inquiry founders over and over again, is the problem What is being?" If philosophy is the science of being, then the first and last and basic problem of philosophy must be, What does being signify? Whence can something like being in general be understood? How is understanding of being at all possible?”
― Martin Heidegger, The Basic Problems of Phenomenology

“I tried to conjure Ali's frozen face, to REALLY see his tranquil eyes, but time can be a greedy thing - sometimes it steals all the details for itself.”
― Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner

“वक़्त की ओस



हूँ यहीं कहीं
बेतहाशा मोहब्बत में लिपटा हुआ
आसमान के पार जितना दूर है दिल मेरा
इल्म है किसको मेरे सिवाए,
की धड़क रहा हैं जो दिल यहाँ,
यह दिल यहाँ है कहाँ।

ज़िंदा कर लिया करता हूँ उसको
वो जो अब यहाँ है नहीं,
वो है
पर यहाँ नहीं।
वो मेरी याद में।
‘शायद’


हवाएं लाती हैं कुछ पेह्गाम उसके
वक़्त की ओस में लिपटे हुए
धुंधले शीशे सी चाहत है उसको।
मैं जैसा सोचा करता हूँ ,
वो अब भी वैसा है।


क्या तुमने भी कभी वक़्त की ओस को देखा है।”
― Virat Nimesh, Pheeki: collection of हिंदी lines

“If you change the way your brain processes an event, you change the duration of the ‘now.’ You actually change the point at which the present becomes the past.”
― Blake Crouch, Recursion

“Many times, we give beautiful names to our miseries and catastrophes. And that's how we lock down the memories inside us, from which we always want to escape.”
― Akshay Vasu, Between the Abyss and Paradise

“below the trees
in the woods
i while away time
writing poetry”
― Avijeet Das

“If you've ever tried to keep a diary, then you'll know that the problem of trying to write about the past really starts in the present: No matter how fast you write, you're always stuck in the then and you can never catch up to what's happening now, which means that now is pretty much doomed to extinction.”
― Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being

“There is no such thing as ‘I do not have the time’. This is all just a matter of priorities.”
― Maciej Aniserowicz

“The time they take to say “I love you” should tell you how much they mean it.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Take time out to be kind to others and kindness will find its way back to you”
― Charmaine J. Forde

“The world had always loved the saint as being the nearest possible approach to the perfection of God. Christ, through some divine instinct in him, seems to have always loved the sinner as being the nearest possible approach to the perfection of man. His primary desire was not to reform people, any more than his primary desire was to a relieve suffering. To turn an interesting thief into a tedious honest man was not his aim. He would have thought little of the Prisoners’ Aid Society and other modern movements of the kind. The conversion of a publican into a Pharisee would not have seemed to him a great achievement. But in a manner not yet understood of the world he regarded sin and suffering as being in themselves beautiful holy things and modes of perfection.

It seems a very dangerous idea. It is — all great ideas are dangerous. That it was Christ’s creed admits of no doubt. That it is the true creed I don’t doubt myself.

Of course the sinner must repent. But why? Simply because otherwise he would be unable to realise what he had done. The moment of repentance is the moment of initiation. More than that: it is the means by which one alters one’s past. The Greeks thought that impossible. They often say in their Gnomic aphorisms, ‘Even the Gods cannot alter the past.’ Christ showed that the commonest sinner could do it, that it was the one thing he could do. Christ, had he been asked, would have said — I feel quite certain about it — that the moment the prodigal son fell on his knees and wept, he made his having wasted his substance with harlots, his swine-herding and hungering for the husks they ate, beautiful and holy moments in his life. It is difficult for most people to grasp the idea. I dare say one has to go to prison to understand it. If so, it may be worth while going to prison.”
― Oscar Wilde

“Our time is finite. Instead of always managing the shit out of it, let’s give ourselves permission to slow down and savor it.”
― Becky Kane

“‪Make no mistake. The genes we’re born with carry memory. They carry knowledge we’ve never learned, talents we’ve never studied, even fear of things that have never frightened us. but someone, in some time out of mind, had these memories. Yes, you might say that all of us are haunted. You might very well say that.‬”
― John R. Maxim, Time Out of Mind

“The best gift you can give anyone is to spend quality time with them.”
― Laurence Overmire

“On the road, where change is continuous and visible, time is not; rather it is something the rider only infers. Time is not the traveler's fourth dimension - change is.”
― William Least Heat-Moon, Blue Highways

“Soon, he was back out on the streets. He wandered around Manhattan aimlessly for what he thought was weeks. Instead, it was months. Months turned into years.”
― Jason Medina, The Manhattanville Incident: An Undead Novel

“We are all in the hands of time.”
― Eleanya Ogba

“Follow the time since time follows no one.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“One way or another, all the bridges between that time n this one have been burned. Time's a reach, too, you know, just like the one that lies between the islands and the mainland, but the only ferry that can cross it is memory, and that's like a ghost-ship - if you want it to disappear, after awhile it will.”
― Stephen King, Dolores Claiborne

“He could not turn back the clock a second, nor could he ever push it forward a second, so that what happened had to happen.”
― Bohumil Hrabal, All My Cats

“Your time is not free, how you decide to use or not use your time will be paid at the end of your life”
― James D Wilson

“Getting through time was rather the problem. The cry of 'Help me!' — but there was no one there.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Sacred and Profane Love Machine

“Night will fall on us all and the coach will pull up.”
― Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet: The Complete Edition

“So some might imagine that I am an expert on time, although of course these days an expert is not necessarily a good thing to be.”
― Stephen Hawking, Brief Answers to the Big Questions

“Есть одно ощущение, которое почти целиком теряется участниками боя, - это ощущение времени. Девочка, протанцевавшая на новогоднем балу до утра,
не сможет ответить, каково было ее ощущение времени на балу - долгим ли или, наоборот, коротким.
И шлиссельбуржец, отбывший двадцать пять лет заключения, скажет: "Мне кажется, что я провел в крепости вечность, но одновременно мне кажется, что я провел в крепости короткие недели".
У девочки ночь была полна мимолетных событий - взглядов, отрывков музыки, улыбок, прикосновений, - каждое это событие казалось столь стремительным, что не оставляло в сознании ощущения протяженности во
времени. Но сумма этих коротких событий породила ощущение большого времени, вместившего всю радость человеческой жизни.
У шлиссельбуржца происходило обратное, - его тюремные двадцать пять лет складывались из томительно длинных отдельных промежутков времени, от утренней поверки до вечерней, от завтрака до обеда. Но сумма этих бедных
событий, оказалось, породила новое ощущение, - в сумрачном однообразии смены месяцев и годов время сжалось, сморщилось... Так возникло одновременное ощущение краткости и бесконечности, так возникло сходство
этого ощущения в людях новогодней ночи и в людях тюремных десятилетий. В обоих случаях сумма событий порождает одновременное чувство длительности и краткости.
Более сложен процесс деформации ощущения длительности и краткости времени, переживаемый человеком в бою. Здесь дело идет дальше, здесь
искажаются, искривляются отдельные, первичные ощущения. В бою секунды растягиваются, а часы сплющиваются. Ощущение длительности связывается с молниеносными событиями - свистом снарядов и авиабомб, вспышками выстрелов и вспышками взрывов.
Ощущение краткости соотносится к событиям протяженным - к движению по вспаханному полю под огнем, к переползанию от укрытия к укрытию. А
рукопашный бой происходит вне времени. Здесь неопределенность проявляется и в слагающих, и в результате, здесь деформируются и сумма, и каждое слагаемое.”
― Василий Гроссман, Life and Fate

“Время - прозрачная среда, в которой возникают, движутся, бесследно исчезают люди... Во времени возникают и исчезают массивы городов. Время приносит их и уносит. Но в нем возникло совсем особое, другое понимание времени. То понимание, которое говорит: "Мое время... не наше время". Время втекает в человека и в царство-государство, гнездится в них, и вот время уходит, исчезает, а человек, царство остаются... царство осталось, а его время ушло... человек есть, а время его исчезло. Где оно? Вот человек, он дышит, он мыслит, он плачет, а то единственное, особое, только с ним связанное время ушло, уплыло, утекло. И он остается. Самое трудное - быть пасынком времени. Нет тяжелее участи пасынка, живущего не в свое время. Пасынков времени распознают сразу - в отделах кадров, в райкомах партии, в армейских политотделах, редакциях, на улице... Время любит лишь тех, кого оно породило, - своих детей, своих героев, своих тружеников. Никогда, никогда не полюбит оно детей ушедшего времени, и женщины не любят героев ушедшего времени, и мачехи не любят чужих детей. Вот таково время, - все уходит, а оно остается. Все остается, одно время уходит. Как легко, бесшумно уходит время. Вчера еще ты был так уверен, весел, силен: сын времени. А сегодня пришло другое время, но ты еще не понял этого.”
― Василий Гроссман, Life and Fate

“Whenever I see a homeless person on the street, I think ‘That could me me in a few years time’.”
― Steven Magee

“Whenever I see a homeless person on the street, I think ‘That could be me in a few years time’.”
― Steven Magee

“Celebrate Friday by celebrating life.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“There's time, this lasting forever.”
― Marianne Boruch, Cadaver, Speak

“There is no more important thing in life than balancing. This is how much we deal with work, sport, spirituality, family. If we forget one of these things, all the rest is going wrong. All you need is an acceptable state, not perfect.”
― MiroBurn

“Forget the clock. It has no power over time.”
― Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being

“the thing I like about time is its an independent variable. it goes on in its direction and heals and changes everything on its way.”
― observation

“If you want to reclaim your life, start by reclaiming your time.”
― Richie Norton

“A moment where heaven kisses earth and time is left to float away.”
― Jenim Dibie

“I never liked to just absorb something somebody else created. I’m too self-conscious, and too critical, I guess, and it always felt like I was wasting time. But after you went away... well, it started to feel like time was wasting me. Every tick of the second hand was like a needle in my skin. Tick, tick, tick...”
― Ryū Murakami, Tokyo Decadence

“Freedom is the ability to choose how you spend your time. ⁣”
― Richie Norton

“You're stuck in the past,' sighed May, returning to his paper.
'I'm not, I'm just too busy catching up to deal with the present. I'll get to the present eventually.' He dug his knife back into the toaster.
'You mean you'll get to it at some time in the future.' 'Yes, when I've finished with the past. I want to know everything before I die, and I'm running out of time.' His knife slipped and catapulted breadcrumbs across the office.”
― Christopher Fowler, Bryant & May – England’s Finest

“Own the amount of time you spend at work as a choice, not a consequence. Don’t play the victim of your job.

Hard work is a high. It is. Don’t forget what you’re reaching for while getting high on work.”
― Richie Norton

“I know people barely making ends meet who do whatever they want, whenever they want because they can and they are happy.”
― Richie Norton

“Everything pursues its own ends and skies stay warm + beneficent - though winter time always leaves many vagrant nostalgias and a sense of more supply than demand of Time and of the portentousness of the weather.”
― Zelda Fitzgerald, Dear Scott, Dearest Zelda: The Love Letters of F. Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald

“Humans were not meant to be whisked to and fro like this; my grasp of time and space was simple, linear, uncomplicated.”
― S. Jae-Jones, Wintersong

“Things come and go, people forget. Time passes over us like a cleansing wave. The beauty of time, if there is such a thing, is that it erases everything. Only when we are erased do we become fully complete. Annihilation is completion. Nothing that was ever alive truly dies. It changes shape, becomes something else. Traces of us remain in the fragments. This is called memory.”
― James Nulick, Valencia

“In eternity, there is no 'time' for anything to begin or end, therefore, past, present, future represent a linear progression that goes nowhere.”
― Edward Weiss, The Silver Meditation: Connect With God In a Simple Way That Works

“இயல்பாய் அமைவதைக்கூட இயல்பானதென ஏற்றுக்கொள்ள முடியாத காரணத்தோடு இயங்கும் ஆற்றல் காலத்திற்கு உண்டு.”
― Su. Venkatesan, வீரயுக நாயகன் வேள்பாரி [Veerayuga Nayagan Velpaari]

“You don’t want work life balance. You want work life freedom. You want a time centered seamless lifestyle. You want...time flexibility. The flexibility to spend your time where, when and how you want.”
― Richie Norton

“As anyone over the age of thirty knows, Einstein was right: time really is relative. It speeds up as we get older (though it seems to slow down in airport security no matter what your age).”
― Buzzy Jackson, Shaking the Family Tree: Blue Bloods, Black Sheep, and Other Obsessions of an Accidental Genealogist

“Încep să cred că paradisul nu e o mulțumire veșnică. Ci ma degrabă o stare de mulțumire care face totul să pară veșnic. Nu există viață veșnică pentru că n-o să câștigi niciodată cursa cu timpul, totuși, dacă ești mulțumit, poți scăpa de timp, pentru că ajunge să nu mai conteze.”
― Jonathan Franzen, Purity

“People say that they work to make money to have more time later to do what they want…only to find out that the same work they do gives them less time. There's a better way.”
― Richie Norton

“The momentary circumstance was too strong for him; he failed to look beyond the shadow scope of time, and, living once for all eternity, to find the perfect future in the present.”
― Nathaniel Hawthorne

“I’ve learned that people say they can’t put their goals at the center of life (family, time, travel, faith, health), but they have no problem putting work there at their expense. If that hurt, good. Change something.”
― Richie Norton

“But what actually happens in this flashbulb moment? How does a flashbulb moment seem to collide with a long exposure, something that we know to be impossible? Two small portions of our brain known as the amygdalae – groups of hyper-responsive nerve bundles in the temporal lobe concerned primarily with memory and decision-making – commandeer the rest of the brain’s functions to react in a crisis. It is something that seems to stretch a one-second fall to five seconds or more, set off by fear and sudden shocks that hit our limbic system so hard that we may never forget them. But our perceived duration distortion is just that; clock time has not in fact offered to pause or elongate for us. Instead, the amygdalae have laid down memories with far more vivid detail, and the time distortion we perceive has just happened in retrospect. The neuroscientist David Eagleman, who has conducted many experiments into time perception and as a boy experienced a similar elongation of time when he fell off a roof, explains it in terms of ‘a trick of the memory writing a story of a reality’. Our neural mechanisms are constantly attempting to calibrate the world around us into an accessible narrative in as little time as possible. Authors attempt to do the same, for what is fiction if not time repositioned, and what is history if not time in retrospect, events re-evaluated in our own time?”
― Simon Garfield, Timekeepers: How the World Became Obsessed With Time

“Revelations reach us at times of out lives when we lack the courage and commitment to act dutifully among them.”
― Mango Wodzak, Discovering Eden Fruitarianism - An Autobiography - Volume One

“It had no end and therefore no beginning, yet it progressed. Thus it was timeless, infinitely present and so could be taken to be a representation of time, which cannot be pictured by those who imagine themselves linear subjects to it.”
― A.C.H. Smith, The Dark Crystal

“But now, discontinuity ruled. Yesterday meant nothing and could not help you build tomorrow. Life had become a series of vanishing photographs, posted every day, gone the next. One had no story anymore. Character, narrative, history, were all dead. Only the flat caricature of the instant remained, and that was what one was judged by. To have lived long enough to witness the replacement of the depth of her chosen world's culture by its surfaces was a sad thing.”
― Salman Rushdie, Quichotte

“so it came time and
no day like that is ever
good in the coming”
― Deborah Landau, The Last Usable Hour

“After receiving USA citizenship, I have a hard time identifying as a citizen because the USA has an established history of mistreating me.”
― Steven Magee

“Think of it… not a moment is the same from one second to the next. And that moment will never come again. This is what the mind perceives of God… endless change (time) within changelessness (eternity).”
― Edward Weiss, The Golden Prayer Devotional: Everything Belongs to God

“Time is a simple measure of our real priorities.Those who can’t manage the order of priorities can’t manage time. Leadership is about managing priorities.”
― Krishna Saagar Rao

“Waste my time and we will have a problem.”
― Steven Magee

“You’re yellow from the time gathered upon you. I’m brown, I’ve been around for ages.”
― Pallavi Sareen

“It is time to embrace the end of the Space race.”
― Steven Magee

“It is better not to have a Porsche, live in an apartment, but have time for the family. Have time to count snails with your daughter in the morning on your way to a kindergarten.”
― Maciej Aniserowicz

“..time is always the price we pay for the unlived life.”
― André Aciman, Find Me

“I wanted to change my fate, to force it down another road. I wanted to stand in the river of time and make it flow a different direction, if just for a little while.”
― April Genevieve Tucholke, The Boneless Mercies

“You must dwell, says Garden, within time to shift it in lasting ways; play a slow game, but win.”
― Amal El-Mohtar, This Is How You Lose the Time War

“How you spend your time is more important than how much you have.”
― Richie Norton

“Nothing is integral part of something. There’s no such thing as an independent "Nothing" or Nothingness. That is, "Nothing is a state of matter" (or/and) a clear-cut dimension of time. Moreover, Nothing or Nothingness may be the ultimate building block of the universe or time itself. In my view, an ultimate extreme level of a moment in time is nothing but "Nothing" in itself.”
― Khalid Masood

“There comes a time when you must no longer step and fetch it and must begin to pitch and catch it.”
― Jeffrey Duarte

“The time is always right to do the right thing.”
― Mango Wodzak, Destination Eden - Eden Fruitarianism Explained

“Every palace and every work of art is only dust as yet unrealized, and time is the patient wind that will whither it all away.”
― Dean Koontz, The Face

“And within some amount of time that I can't be sure of because I still didn't really understand time and none of the clocks worked anymore, I got an answer.”
― Kira Jane Buxton, Hollow Kingdom

“Death is not the end of your time.”
― Khalid Masood

“There are those who say FOOLISHLY that 'Love Comes But Once'.....But I say: NAY----I'm Oh So GLAD WE MET----THE SECOND TIME AROUND. (In loving memory.)”
― Marsha Carol Watson Gandy

“You aren't a bad decision-maker. You just take time, really long time because you feel you deserve a lot more than what life offers you.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Time never wait for your arguments”
― Md Parvej Ansari

“The time management is in your control, if you will manage it properly, it can create enormous opportunities.”
― Fahim Khan

“Doing our most with time prevents us from being time constrained when there'll no time to check time.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“You are each born with the conscious knowledge of what has come before. Your brain is far from an empty slate, waiting for the first imprint of experience; it is already equipped with complete "equations", telling you who you are and where you have come from. Nor do you wipe that slate clean, symbolically speaking, before you write your life upon it. Instead, you draw upon what has gone before: the experiences of your ancestors, back through time immemorial.”
― Jane Roberts, The Nature of the Psyche: Its Human Expression

“Mastery over misery is no mystery. Time helps but much depends on what one does with time.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“Give me the password of time, and I will construct the universe.”
― Khalid Masood

“I don't hate anybody. Reason being, I don't have time for hating, and no one is that important to me.”
― Kelly L. Miller

“Nothing becomes time.
Time becomes the Universe.”
― Khalid Masood

“The most fundamental building blocks of the basic building blocks of the universe are infinitely divisible moments in time.”
― Khalid Masood

“The time in which we live has unfathomable depths beneath it. Our age is a mere film on the surface of time.”
― Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn, November 1916

“Language is the bridge connecting the past, the present and the future.”
― Hung.K

“Everything is time. Everything!”
― Khalid Masood

“The future of particle physics is not more particles. Instead, moments in time.”
― Khalid Masood

“‪“We don’t pay enough attention to our kids. It’s all about money, chasing the dreams, but our kids are the dreams”
― Began Cekic‬

“Come all you fair and tender girls
That flourish in your prime
Beware, beware, keep your garden fair
Let no man steal your thyme
Let no man steal your thyme
For when your thyme, it is past and gone
He'll care no more for you
And every place your time was waste
Will all spread over with rue
Will all spread over with rue
The goddess son was standing by
Three flowers he gave to me
The pink, the blue and the violet true
And the red, red rosy tree
And the red, red rosy tree
But I refused the red rose bush
And gave the willow tree
That all the world may plainly see
How my love slighted me
How my love slighted me”
― traditional folk ballad

“Back when I was young, I had energy but didn’t have the time to spare. Now that I’m old, I have time but don’t have the energy to spare.”
― VKBoy, Shambala Sect

“Entrepreneurs start projects to free their time only to create a prison of time.”
― Richie Norton

“Historically, time management was built to work people harder in corporations to get more output per hour, minute, second ... not always a human flourishing tool (fact) ... those principles don’t always transfer to time freedom and flexibility and abundance for entrepreneurs.”
― Richie Norton

“Time is an illusion. It is a limitation created by our minds. If we stop measuring everything and just enjoy every moment given, life is going to be a lot more exciting.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“Time doesn’t measure friendship, bonds and feelings do.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“Time is a concept invented by men who didn’t want everything to keep happening at once. Time is irrelevant.”
― Seanan McGuire, Middlegame

“Anything can break at any time.”
― Steven Magee

“Again, the terror, the acknowledgment of wasted years and death. Valentin, responsive and confident, still nestled in his arms. His cheek touched the soft cheek and felt the brush of the delicate eyelashes. With inner desperation he pressed the child close - as though an emotion as protean as his love could dominate the pulse of time.”
― Carson McCullers, The Ballad of the Sad Café and Other Stories

“When time doesn't heal things in life, there's only one way out⁠—seeking help from the one whom all clocks tick for.”
― VKBoy

“Though we tend to remember bad events as well as we remember good ones, the negative coloring of the misfortunes fades with time, particularly the ones that happened to us. We are wired for nostalgia: in human memory, time heals most wounds.”
― Steven Pinker, Enlightenment Now: The Case for Reason, Science, Humanism, and Progress

“The real currency of your life is effort, best measured in the extra time you put in.”
― J.R. Rim

“It was a time of youth and war, and there was never so much love around.”
― F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Rich Boy

“Productivity is purposeful doing. It is paying attention to your intention to ensure that what you’re doing is worth your time and energy. Will the outcome be worth your investment?”
― Melissa Steginus, Self Care at Work: How to Reduce Stress, Boost Productivity, and Do More of What Matters

“Patience shall be my song.”
― Thomas Wyatt

“Heads fall off from time to time
Some of them old, some of them young
The conductor hollers into the crowd:
'Keep moving forward to the back!”
― Sankha Ghosh

“Heads fall off from time to time
Some of them old, some of them young
The conductor hollers into the crowd:
'Keep moving forward to the back!”
― Indrajit Hazra, Grand Delusions: A Short Biography Of Kolkata

“I spend a whole lot of time in a whole lot of places that don’t do me a whole lot of good, when God has spent a whole lot of time inviting me to spend the whole of eternity with Him.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The time has come, to stand up and to defy.
Its our life, our choices, how long can they deny?

The time has come, not to believe in every lie.
Not to follow every rule, without asking why.

The time has come, not to ignore as others cry.
Or soon, very soon, it will be our turn to die.

The time has come, not to turn a blind eye.
Because once lost, freedom is hard to come by.”
― Shon Mehta

“I thought again about the miracle of time, its manifest cruelty and sublime mercy.”
― Kate Mulgrew, How to Forget: A Daughter's Memoir

“Patience shall be my song,”
― Sir Thomas Wyatt

“In life, if you ever wish to see obstacle, just take your eyes off the goal.”
― Previledge Tafadzwa Makaza

“Many people really want to develop themselves, but not too many are alacritous to work at it.”
― Previledge Tafadzwa Makaza

“I play with swords on the clock dial and kayak along breeze. Being on time is an adventure . If you are late you have lost the game already!”
― Suyasha Subedi

“The chain of all and everything that is happening at this moment has never occurred before and shall not ever.”
― Suyasha Subedi

“The future of particle physics is not more particles instead moments in time.”
― Khalid Masood

“Uncertainty is what we know as TIME. Time is controlled in direct ratio to your certainty.”
― Meir Ezra

“Time is an echo of God.”
― Khalid Masood

“That is what I believed: that time nibbles away at the future, and in that moment puts the present behind its back. The past retreats as each present moment joins it, on and on. Yet that is far too simple. Inside us, time sways backwards and forwards from now to then, here to there, and nothing of it is lost or goes away, but it all hangs everywhere, translucent in the air. Some men turn away, and walk on, saying that the past contains only their former selves and ghosts of people and deeds. Others, like myself, live every day with it.”
― Stella Tillyard, Call Upon the Water

“Time to duct tape shattered dreams back together, they need a shade of grey.”
― Nitya Prakash

“If you feel the distance between you and your loved one is increasing, maybe it’s time for you to stop moving.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Once upon a time, people completed each other.

Phones do that to us nowadays.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Now is our time to enliven, ennoble and unfold the auspicious flair of our youth.”
― Joseph Jacson K.

“এটা বলা ভুল যে "সময় সীমিত"। আসলে জীবন সীমিত, সময় নয়!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“Time doesn’t heal. It’s what you do with the time.”
― Edith Eva Eger, The Choice: Embrace the Possible

“I shiver: whose feet are walking on my grave? Time, I plead to the air, just a little more time. That's all I need.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Testaments

“Some people say history moves in a spiral, not the line we have come to expect. We travel through time in a circular trajectory, our distance increasing from an epicenter only to return again, one circle removed.”
― Ocean Vuong, On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous

“There’s a Chinese saying. ‘When is the best time to plan a tree? Twenty years ago.”
― Richard Powers, The Overstory

“Time is neither long nor short. It 'looks' short when you measure it in years and long when you measure it in seconds.”
― Aaqhil Ahamed

“If the present is a duration less point, then there would, in fact, be no present.
Now, say the present has duration.
If it has duration then, can't it be divided into a number of co-presents?
If it is divided then, is it possible to pick the absolute present among the number of co-presents?
Where is the present, now?”
― Rabin Paudel

“When you see a beautiful star you are looking into the past. Because the star is so far away it takes million of years for the light of the star to reach your eye. When you see a star you’re not seeing what it looks like now. You’re looking at what it was millions of years ago.

You’re a time traveler.”
― Diamond Mike Watson

“Time is the physics of God.”
― Khalid Masood

“Reality is constructed by the dimensions of time, and no two dimensions are exactly alike.”
― Khalid Masood

“Disorder increases with time except in Theory of Evolution.”
― Khalid Masood

“Disorder increases with time except in Evolution.”
― Khalid Masood

“Disorder increases with time except Evolution.”
― Khalid Masood

“How would a creator God experience time.
I think it would be through His creation.”
― R.A. Delmonico

“How could the dimensionality of time change with scale? There is only one way, as a fractal.”
― R.A. Delmonico

“What do you think is future a "realm of possibilities", not realities?
The event of your reading the final sentence in this post does not exist. And that is just what it is for an event or thing to "move" from the future into the present and from the present into the past: it is to come into existence and then go out of existence.
Past is always receding away, the future is drawing nearer, and the present continuously changing; renewal of present gives credence to this common-sense.
The changing nature welcomes the duration perspective of the present and ends up with the non-existence present i.e. switching of time from absolute non-existence to absolute existence, and back to absolute non-existence.
Time itself is a mystery, beyond our understanding, however, we always strive to know it!”
― Rabin Paudel

“Each of Us seeks to 'FIND OUR WAY'----but from time to time WE 'get off track'----but SOMETHING AMAZING 'goes off inside of us'----AND WE COME RUNNING BACK!”
― Marsha Carol Watson Gandy

“Moments in time are the true origins of the fabric of reality.”
― Khalid Masood

“Waves are everywhere in the existence of time, matters and beyond everything as well which is defined as an illusion. If we can convert it to energy traveling beyond thoughts possible. -T∆NV€€®”
― Tanveer Hossain Mullick

“Dimensions of time are the real building blocks of the universe.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time's The Limit.”
― Khalid Masood

“The only difference between length, width, and height is the dimensions of time.”
― Khalid Masood

“If I know what reality is, it is because of time.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time, an invaluable perception of reality.”
― Schelling Roy

“An ultimate extreme level of a moment in time is nothing but "Nothing" or Nothingness. The opposite of time is not Nothing, it's another time. Nothing is not the opposite of something, but a part of it. And, Nothing is not the opposite of time, but a part of it. That is, Time existed before Big Bang. There was absolute "Time" before the Big Bang.”
― Khalid Masood

“LIFE IS A TIME JOURNEY”
― Khalid Masood

“Life is clear-cut a dimension of time.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time Is Reality. Reality is time.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time Creates Space, Life, Consciousness, and the Universe itself.”
― Khalid Masood

“Every time I hear, "Do this, or else," or "Give me this or else", I know their behavior is not from a powerful being, but from a scared and weak one.”
― nick catricala

“It is wrong to say that "time is limited". Actually, life is limited, not time!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“I don’t care if it’s been five minutes or five months or five years. You’re it for me and there’s no sense in waiting.”
― Kelly Moran, Residual Burn

“If all astronomical processes cease, how will the passage of time manifest itself? It is doubtful if vacuum fluctuations can provide a clock for the recording of time. Will time itself come to a stop? Is this a meaningful question? Such questions are difficult to answer.”
― Jamal Nazrul Islam, The Ultimate Fate Of The Universe

“Time has Answers to all your Questions!
So, give it Time.

One core question- of the purpose of our existence is revealed too, but sadly at the end.”
― Somya Kedia

“Stop waiting for someday; someday is a myth. Don't wait to have the time; start planning to make the time.”
― Rachel Hollis, Girl, Stop Apologizing: A Shame-Free Plan for Embracing and Achieving Your Goals

“Time for Kentrosaurus to hatch. Time to plant the millet. Time for the magnolia buds to open. Professor Denison, I'm afraid you persist in thinking of time as numbers. You think of meaningless units of time - weeks, hours, minutes - based on what? Movements of faraway planets? Of what use to us is that? Why not pay attention to the precise 30-year life cycle of the bamboo Guadua trinii or the exactly repeated mitotic cycle of the paramecium? The whole earth has a heartbeat.'
He paused, swung his tail from side to side, and squinted. 'And some things happen too slowly for you to notice. If you sit quite still, you can hear the grinding down of mountains, the stretching upward of trees, the pushing forward of continents - indeed the wearing down of this very waterfall.”
― James Gurney, Dinotopia: A Land Apart from Time

“Your time is now. Unleash the genius within.”
― Meir Ezra

“Haste makes waste, but a lazy man'd rather get his work done fast than do it himself...all it saves is time, son. And what good is time, with nothing to do? You want to sit and twiddle your thumbs, all these stormy winter days?”
― Laura Ingalls Wilder, Farmer Boy

“I think time in itself is consciousness.”
― Khalid Masood

“Through experience I have learned not to waste my time trying to convince corrupt corporate government officials of the truth.”
― Steven Magee

“Doubtless there is a desire in human beings to exist everywhere in space, but there seems to be a much stronger desire to exist everywhere in time, or at least in future time.”
― Jamal Nazrul Islam, The Ultimate Fate Of The Universe

“The human mind has a different attitude towards 'time' and 'space' as regards the survival of the human race.”
― Jamal Nazrul Islam, The Ultimate Fate Of The Universe

“Some people, including Hawking, think that we may be able to understand the big bang or the big crunch (in particular, whether time has a beginning or an end at these events) when we have a satisfactory quantum theory of gravitation.”
― Jamal Nazrul Islam, The Ultimate Fate Of The Universe

“One of the most intriguing problems is to understand the precise nature of time, especially with regard to the big bang, the big crunch and the long-term future of an open universe.”
― Jamal Nazrul Islam, The Ultimate Fate Of The Universe

“Time is a continuous doubt. When you don’t have time, know you are in doubt.”
― Meir Ezra

“You of the west,' Malik said, 'think of time moving in a straight line, from past to present to future. You eastern brothers regard time as a circle, returning endlessly in a cycle of decay and rebirth. Both ideas have a dimension of the truth. If you were to combine geometrically the movement of the circle with the movement of the line, what would you have?' He snapped his mouth shut and peered at me with an uncanny resemblance to my old schoolmaster.
'The spiral?' I ventured.
'Yes, yes. Or the helix. They are our models of the passage of time.' he said.
'So time moves on, but history repeats itself.'
'Precisely,' he said”
― James Gurney, Dinotopia: A Land Apart from Time

“Awake, awake, you that sleep. Open your eyes, stand on your feet, and behold and see what a sea of blood and wrath is here!" See and believe; believe and consider; consider and fear; fear and fly; and make haste in your work. Your work is great and mighty; diversions are many; adversaries are strong; your strength is small; your time is short; your account is great. Death and judgment are at the door. Therefore, up and be doing, now or never.”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“Tutto questo” pensava “non dovrebbe poter durare; però durerà, sempre; il sempre umano, beninteso, un secolo, due secoli...; e dopo sarà diverso, ma peggiore. Noi fummo i Gattopardi, i Leoni; quelli che ci sostituiranno saranno gli sciacalletti, le iene; e tutti quanti Gattopardi, sciacalli e pecore, continueremo a crederci il sale della terra”.”
― Tommasi di Lampedusa

“We plan to frame the time. Finally, time wins to frame us. Know yourself before he does it again.”
― Rajesh Walecha

“A Pax day and night lasted about twenty Earth hours, and a Pax year about 490 Earth days. A year seemed like such a long time.”
― Sue Burke, Semiosis

“Time had kept on flowing while he wasn't around. And it would keep on flowing without him in the future. That much was obvious. Though he should've accepted that, a lonely feeling filled his heart.”
― Chirolu, If It's for My Daughter, I'd Even Defeat a Demon Lord (Issues)

“Time is memory - where there is memory, there is time, where there is no memory, there is no time.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Citizens of Peace: Beyond the Savagery of Sovereignty

“Many things can be replaced once spent, time is not one of them.”
― R.A. Delmonico

“Me estremecí al imaginar el insondable abismo de tiempo que se abre entre el presente y aquella época en que la tierra se estremeció, levantando como una ola aquellas montañas azules que cubrieron cosas inconcebibles.”
― Robert E. Howard, The Black Stone

“always fear fools not because of they are wise just to save your time.”
― Jordan Hoechlin

“Insomnia can be a gift. More time for reading, writing and walking. More time to live.”
― Luigina Sgarro

“A good sign of maturity is when idleness doesn't jeopardize your integrity.”
― VaeEshia Ratcliff-Davis

“from Omar Khayyam's Rubaiyat:
"Set not thy heart on any good or gain, Life means but pleasure, or means but pain; when Time lets slip a little perfect hour, O take it - for it will not come again.”
― Dorothy Gilman, Caravan

“And sometimes that's just what happens. People grow apart.”
― Becky Albertalli, The Upside of Unrequited

“Mentre parlavamo, i sakura vorticavano intorno alla cabina del telefono in un diluvio di bianco e rosa. Avevo passato più di un mese circondato da quei fiori, più di quanto sia possibile, più di quanto sia naturale. E improvvisamente capii, con profondo sconforto, che quello che stavo facendo era sbagliato alla radice. I sakura sono fatti per essere transitori. Aggrapparsi a loro è come tentare di aggrapparsi alla giovinezza. Seguire il Fronte dei Fiori di Ciliegio era una negazione del tempo, delle stagioni, persino della mortalità. Era come spruzzare lacca su un giglio. Come imbalsamare un miraggio. Come cercare di fermare il tempo.”
― Will Ferguson, Hokkaido Highway Blues: Hitchhiking Japan

“Aesthetic culture implies a way of life marked by uselessness and superfluousness, that is to say, the embodiment of romantic resignation and passivity. But it outdoes romanticism; it not only renounces life for the sake of art, it seeks for the justification of life in art itself. It regards the world of art as the only real compensation for the disappointments of life, as the genuine realization and consummation of an existence that is intrinsically incomplete and inarticulate. But this not only means that life seems more beautiful and more conciliatory when clothed in art, but that, as Proust, the last great impressionist and aesthetic hedonist, thought, it only grows into significant reality in memory, vision and the aesthetic experience. We live our experiences with the greatest intensity not when we encounter men and things in reality—the ‘time’ and the present of these experiences are always ‘lost’—but when we ‘recover time’, when we are no longer the actors but the spectators of our life, when we create or enjoy works of art, in other words, when we remember. Here, in Proust, art takes possession of what Plato had denied it: ideas—the true remembrance of the essential forms of being.”
― Arnold Hauser, The Social History of Art: Volume 4: Naturalism, Impressionism, The Film Age

“Go forward slowly, its not a race till the end”
― Meeran W. Malik

“Elodie was a nostalgic person, but she hated the charge. The word was terribly maligned. People used it as a stand-in for sentimentality, when it wasn’t that at all. Sentimentality was mawkish and cloying, where nostalgia was acute and aching. It described yearning of the most profound kind: an awareness that time’s passage could not be stopped and there was no going back to reclaim a moment or a person or do things differently.”
― Kate Morton, The Clockmaker's Daughter

“Looking through the veil, cosmos is a beautiful thought, patterns repeating fractally into micro and macro cosmos, other lives resonating in ours and sometimes they feel like simbolic presentation of our subconscious reality in this existence.

It is very often to find a "past"* life experience fractally mirroring in this life. When you're really one with the heart of the cosmos, it's all beautiful colorful patterns repeating, variating themselves through eternity.

Any kind of trauma is embedded deeply into the soul's experience, and it's a pattern that will keep on repeating until it is brought into consciousness and transformed through conscious will to change it. * There is no time, only variations of reality”
― Petra Poje - Keeper of The Eye

“A flustered-looking woman hurries after him, but he doesn’t stop. I turn around to watch, silently rooting the kid on. I want to crouch down beside him and tell him to use the tunnel, to keep flying through the dark while he’s still allowed. “When’s the last time we did that?” I ask Lacey when we reach my car, and she shrugs. Then I’m starting the car and tears prick the backs of my eyes and I hate that so many Lasts happen when you aren’t paying attention.”
― Sarah Everett, No One Here Is Lonely

“In time, it wasn't all that long ago, but measured in events, it was an eternity.”
― Louise Penny, Kingdom of the Blind

“If you make time for everybody, more people will make time for you.”
― Matt Fox, The Hitchhiker Man

“Delays and laziness are the two great gulfs in which multitudes of souls are drowned and perish.”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“...follow and improve the light before the darkness overtakes you.”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“A work of infinite moment depends on a moment of time.”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“Live continually in an expectation of your great charge. Buy, sell, converse, read, pray, hear, and do all as dying men and passing to receive the recompense of endless joy or woe.

Christians, if you would work while it is day; if you would glorify God on earth; if you would not be prey to the prince of darkness; if you would stand with comfort before the Lord Jesus at His dreadful bar; if you would not spend your days without hope--arise, therefore, and be doing, and the Lord be with you.”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“Time is like an aeroplane after take off. It is always moving and only goes in one direction.”
― Clifford Thurlow, Operation Jihadi Bride: My Covert Mission to Rescue Young Women from ISIS - The Incredible True Story

“Life is divided into three periods, past, present and future. Of these, the present is short, the future is doubtful, the past is certain. For this last is the one over which Fortune has lost her power, which cannot be brought back to anyone’s control. But this is what preoccupied people lose: for they have no time to look back at their past, and even if they did, it is not pleasant to recall activities they are ashamed of.”
― Seneca, On the Shortness of Life

“Time is compared to golden sands running between two eternities, and 'tis an infinite mercy they are still running, that you have a day to work out your salvation, to agree with your adversary while he is in the way [Matt. 5:25; Phil. 2:12]--namely, to make up the breach between God and your soul (Rev. 2:21).”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“Be a Preacher of Destiny & Karma!
I believe in it and I do!

Never Intentionally Hurt Anyone,
That's Mandatory for Me & You.

Trying too Hard, will Detach you from Yourself,
Be true to your Soul
& let Destiny here play its Role.”
― Somya Kedia

“It's not time in your life, it's life in your time.”
― Khalid Masood

“Religion requires action, labour, diligence; for it does not consist in airy, empty notions and speculations of the head but in the exercise of the mind and heart. Habits must be exerted; grace, improved. Heaven (that is, all uphill) must be strived for and gotten, as it were, by force and victory.”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“Lonzi said the only thing worth loving was what was to come, and since what was to come was unforeseeable---only a cretin or a liar would try to predict the future---the future had to be lived now, in the now, as intensity.”
― Rachel Kushner, The Flamethrowers

“Sometimes when you give people too much value and respect they think they’re better than you”
― Jordan Hoechlin

“TIME: The Forgotten Fundamental Force Of Nature.”
― Khalid Masood

“Free time allows building of reputations — either as someone who is excellent at killing time by doing nothing or someone who can utilize the time by creating things out of nothing.

People becoming habitual to doing nothing, get nothing at the end.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Time is not a luxury, sensuality is.”
― Lebo Grand

“Time Governs the laws of physics.”
― Khalid Masood

“Reality is made of moments in time.”
― Khalid Masood

“Love, time doth change."

The rose was red,
The color of love,
Its petals vibrant,
A sign of your love.
Its stem did twine,
Around my heart,
But it couldn't keep it pumping,
One day it failed to start.
As clouds parted,
Oceans apart,
We only had our memories,
To remember,
Our love would last.
But time went on,
Your love did change,
And so the rose,
Began to change.
Thorns grew wild,
Petals did fade,
My rose was wilting,
Showing its age.
Red was no more,
Black was the hue,
Without your love,
What was I to do?
I tended my garden,
The thoughts in my mind,
For you were still my love,
For me in my mind.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Like a white stone at the bottom of the well,
One memory lies in me.
I cannot and I do not want to struggle,
It is both joy and suffering.

I think that anyone who looks into my
Eyes will all at once see him.
More sad and pensive he'll become
That heard the story of this suffering.

I know that the gods had turned
People to objects, without killing mind,
That divine sadness lived eternally.
You're turned into my memory, I find.”
― Anna Akhmatova

“In my view, an ultimate extreme level of a moment in time is nothing but actual "Nothing" or nothingness. Again, in my view, a moment in time is past, present, and future at the same moment in time. The present is an illusion. Our present is our past and the future.”
― Khalid Masood

“The treasure that you seek is hidden in time.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Are we to despair or rejoice over the fact that even the greatest loves exist only "for a time"? The time scales are elastic, contracting and expanding with the depth and magnitude of each love, but they are always finite—like books, like lives, like the universe itself. The triumph of love is in the courage and integrity with which we inhabit the transcendent transience that binds two people for the time it binds them, before letting go with equal courage and integrity.”
― Maria Popova, Figuring

“A tree starts out as we do, as the union of two haploid gametes, the egg and the sperm. Cells divide again and again to become embryos. An infinitesimally small number of embryos become seedlings, and out of these, a tiny subset become trees. Time may stand still for decades in some seeds that enter dormancy until conditions for growth become suitable. Time may stop for decades as the seedling exists in the shade, garnering just enough energy for survival but not enough for growth. Time speeds up as sunlight is reached and the tree explodes in sudden growth and then proceeds along its trajectory to reproduction, senescence, and death. In some trees, like the gray birch and balsam fir, maximum life span is usually shorter than our own. In many others it is close to ours, while in a few trees, including the bristlecone pines, a life span of four thousand years is not impossible.

Bristlecone pines grow extremely slowly because they live in a cold climate (the White Mountains of California) and because they have little water and few nutrients. They nevertheless stay a step or two ahead of decay and death because the climate also dries their deadwood. It takes them thousands of years to experience the growth, and life, that a white pine in Maine experiences in two hundred summers. Trees must be growing to be alive, but different species grow, and therefore live, at very different rates. Thus, even to a tree, both time and life are relative.”
― Bernd Heinrich, The Trees in My Forest

“I’ve done much too far to be looking back.”
― Jordan Hoechlin

“Time will heal all our wounds, vengeance will fix our scars.”
― Mecha Constantine

“Time and effort can get you anything you want in the world. But nothing in the world can get you more time.”
― Matt Fox, The Hitchhiker Man

“For a moment, time started. It flickered into existence like a guttering candle.”
― Tara Sim, Timekeeper

“It needs EFFORTS to catch time on time!”
― Shayana Kaushal

“But I must start at the beginning, if I can find it. Beginnings are elusive things. Just when you think you have hold of one, you look back and see another, earlier beginning, and an earlier one before that. Even if you start with "Chapter One: I Am Born, " you still have the problem of antecedents, of cause and effect...”
― Hillary Jordan, Mudbound

“When we give our attention and love to anything in life, it is a significant offering. We only have so much time. What we spend it on and who we give it to will determine the course of our life.”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“The smart phone is a really amazing device, but it is a bad idea to hold one next to your brain for extended periods of time.”
― Steven Magee

“Time keeps me going.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time and effort can get you anything you want in the world. But nothing in the world can get you more time.”
― Matt Fox

“He often caught himself living in the mistaken belief that transformation was the same thing as progress. Things could look very different while remain the same: time could seem to have altered everything, without changing the thing that needed to change.”
― Rachel Cusk, Transit

“It is disappointing to witness the corporate government disability system letting massive numbers of sickened people down during their greatest time of need.”
― Steven Magee

“People get a lot of time to waste and a little to invest.”
― Junaid Raza

“Time is relative. It is both arriving and passing away.”
― ~ Meeta Ahluwalia

“Two o’clock was missing.”
― Tara Sim, Timekeeper

“It made the air heavy and the sky appear frozen, as if the town were being forced to slow down until the next hour.”
― Tara Sim, Timekeeper

“The most painful moments make us truly want to escape from time, but the most profound joy rarely makes us hold on to time forever.”
― Paul the cynic

“Time & Money. Many of us have neither. Some have one but not the other. A rare few have both.”
― Mary Shuhart Inoue

“God gives us all 24 hours in a day. How we spend it is up to us, how we are judged on it is up to him. Use God’s gift of time wisely.”
― Dr. Michael Inoue

“On the day of judging the miserable,
In the hour of doing their task.
It is painful when the accuser has knowledge,
Do not trust in length of years,
They view a lifetime in an hour!”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“The great God stands much on priority to have the first and the best: the first ripe fruits, the first that opens the womb. Oh then offer the Isaac of your youth, the spring and flower of your age to God, and stay not until the evil day. Begin first with Him from whom you had your beginning. Go about the grand affair and work of your dear and never-dying soul before you do engulf yourself in the cares of this world. Resolve to present the first ripe fruits to that good and gracious God, who desires the first ripe fruits. In the bright morning of your life, match yourself to the King of Glory and become His bride before you are deflowered and defiled by sin and the world. If the celestial seeds of grace are sown in the morning, the pleasant and sweet flowers springing out of those seeds will invite the Lord Jesus to come and walk in His garden (Song 5:1). If you would be the temple of the Holy Spirit, let Him that made the house be the first and chief inhabitant. And suffer not your heart to be a habitation for dragons and devils, which will be your undoing to all eternity.”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“Cloth will keep color best that is dyed in the wool, and the vessel will scent longest of that liquor with which it is first seasoned. Oh, then, remember your Creator in the days of your youth.”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“Gospel time is our spiritual harvest, and it is notorious folly to sleep or loiter in harvest. The time of the gospel is a time indeed--namely, a time of light, a time of love, a time of life, a time of liberty (Matt. 4:16; 2 Tim. 1:10; Ezek. 16:8; Rom. 5:8; Isa. 61:6; John 8:36). Now, the trumpet of jubilee sounds, and all debts and mortgages may be taken up and released. Here is liberty for the poor captives and the opening of the prison to them that are bound. 'Tis now an "accepted time," a "day of salvation" (2 Cor. 6:2), a time to accept or a time to be accepted, a golden and glorious time indeed. Behold, now there is a broad and clear way to His mercy seat. The flaming sword is gone; the partition wall is down; all bars and gates are removed; an act of indemnity is proclaimed; and there is a free admission for all to come and be saved. Pardons are ready (Isa. 55:6-7).”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“Sinners, your dear Lord Jesus, the great peacemaker, is now an important suitor to your perishing souls--namely, an inviting, knocking, waiting, promising Christ (Prov. 1:22; 9:4; Isa. 65:2; Matt. 11:28; Rev. 3:20; Song 5:2; John 6:37). The treasures of grace are opened and offered for sale on easy terms without money and without price (Isa. 55:1; Rev. 3:18). Oh make speed and come. Make the purchase. Buy the pearl of price that is better than rubies, and you will have treasure in heaven. The favor of God, precious blood, white raiment, tried gold, and the eternal life of your never-dying souls are worth the having. Consider also that now the Holy Spirit calls and offers His assistance to close the bargain, to tie the marriage knot between Christ and your souls (Hebrews 3). If you lose this opportunity, you may never have the like. "The Spirit and the bride say, Come" (Rev. 22:17).”
― John Fox, Time and the End of Time

“Your goals and dreams will never happen if you don’t Sow Labor Into Time”
― Brenda Diann Johnson

“Every time there is a mass shooting in the USA, I wonder if the shooter was an insane masturbator.”
― Steven Magee

“Depression is pretty much a mismanagement of time.”
― The MetaPsychics Foundation

“The prison of time is truly fascinating; the decisions you wish you could undo played a part in bringing you here and empowering you to wish they could be undone.”
― Paul

“It shamed her that she hadn't been able to escape sooner, that they'd stuck together in such a sickly, co-dependent, useless sort of life.”
― Zoje Stage, Baby Teeth

“Oh, dear.
Sometimes it takes a very long while to figure things out.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, City of Girls

“Instead of wisdom -- experience, bare,
That does not slake thirst, is not wet.

Youth's gone -- like a Sunday prayer.

Is it mine to forget?

On how many desert roads have searched I
With him who wasn't dear for me,
How many bows gave in church I
For him, who had well loved me.

I've become more oblivious than inviting,
Quietly years swim.

Lips unkissed, eyes unsmiling --
Nothing will give me back him.”
― Anna Akhmatova

“Patience is a byproduct of growth - we can bide our time when it is the time of our growth. There is no patience in
acquisition or in the pursuit of power and fame. Nothing is so impatient as the pursuit of a substitute for growth.”
― Eric Hoffer, Reflections on the Human Condition

“Then she’d straightened up and announced in irritation, “I’ve fallen out of time,” before vanishing in a great cloud of smoke.”
― Naomi Novik, Uprooted

“Don't wait for the coffee or the eggs or the shmuck in the front row to tell you how it is. You'll wait your whole life and then end up in an embankment with a heart full of sorrow and I could have done it betters.

The way I see it, time is a con artist. The con artist telling you that this isn't a good time, you should wait. The right time will never exist. Like so many of the things we think are perfect and in the end turn out to be just ordinary.”
― Jennifer Pastiloff, On Being Human: A Memoir of Waking Up, Living Real, and Listening Hard

“[T]he elementary form of the mechanics of the world...does not need to mention 'time.' The world without a time variable is not a complicated one. It's a net of interconnected events, where the variables in play adhere to probabilistic rules that, incredibly, we know for a good part how to write. And it's a clear world, windswept and full of beauty as the crests of mountains; aridly beautiful as the cracked lips of the adolescent you loved.”
― Carlo Rovelli

“The most profound property of time is that nothing lasts forever. At the same time, time itself is probably eternal. Now, isn’t that a paradox to ponder over?”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“What started time? And how much time did that unknown phenomenon take to start time?”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“I guess my cognitive abilities and withering brain plasticity cannot grasp the placement of time as a dimension in an equally difficult-to-grasp theory of relativity.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“Whereever we go, whatever we earn
the time we waste can never return
The mistakes we've made are now to burn
into the bonfire of guilt and wrongdoing
Will we ever learn to stop pursuing
those temptations of life that minds are wooing?”
― Munia Khan

“To start succeeding in a specific area you need fucking huge action to take… to invest time… less eating… less sleep… less time wasting…”
― Deyth Banger

“And I am forty-nine and getting old and soon it will be too late for all the things I know nothing of but which torment me in the middle of the night and here now in this place which is supposed to be a comfort and a solace. I am lonely and hungry and I have never breathed a word of this to anyone. Nobody knows or cares. I don't want anyone to know or care.”
― Penelope Lively, Passing On

“are they nothing at all, the cries of men?
does nothing happen in time but time passing?

-nothing happens, only the flickering eyelid
of the great sun, hardly a movement, nothing,
the unredeemable boundaries of time,
the dead are all pinned down by their own dying,
they cannot die again of another death,
they are untouchable, locked in their gestures,
and since their solitude and since their dying
this only they can do: stare sightless at us,
their death is simply the statue of their life,
perpetual being and nothingness without end,
for every moment is nothing without end,
a king of fantasy regulates your pulse
and your last gesture carves an impassive mask
and lays that sculpture over your mobile face:
we are the monument raised to an alien
life, a life unlived, not lively, hardly ours.”
― Octavio Paz, Selected Poems

“Save that space because
I need the time to disperse my rain. The day ahead is
Still long yet, longer than the days behind and
Weeks lost between, that we used to use to have discipline.”
― H.M. Reynolds, How Best to Stage a Breakdown: Author Longlisted in Christ Church Oxford's Tower Poetry Competition

“Time takes everything away.”
― Ratish Edwards

“Technology is a wonderful thing, it brings everyone so closer that you can actually see the distance between them. The infinite distance.”
― Ratish Edwards

“...Nicholai bir yıl boyunca olup bitenin farkına varmadı. Günlük yaşamı bir sürü küçük olaylarla noktalanıp ölçülüyor, cezaevi dışındaki yaşamla da hiçbir ilgisi kalmamış bulunuyordu. Hiçbir zaman canı sıkılmamıştı. Fizik kurallarına ters görünen bir ilke vardı çünkü. Zaman ancak, içi boş olduğu zaman ağırdı.”
― Trevanian, Shibumi

“Photons that travel at the speed of light must have no concept of time.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“But those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear for the future have a life that is very brief and troubled; when they have reached the end of it, the poor wretches perceive too late that for such a long while they have been busied in doing nothing.”
― Seneca, On the Shortness of Life

“No one willingly turns his thought back to the past, unless all his acts have been submitted to the censorship of his conscience, which is never deceived; he who has ambitiously coveted, proudly scorned, recklessly conquered, treacherously betrayed, greedily seized, or lavishly squandered, must needs fear his own memory.”
― Seneca, On the Shortness of Life

“We can afford to waste most things, but not time.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“Esiste qualcosa di eterno?
Qualcosa che possiamo seppellire in noi così profondamente da non poterlo più strisciare da nessuno schermo; qualcosa che riesca a conservarsi indenne nonostante il tempo, il rumore, l'incuria, gli attacchi?
Gli andrebbe bene anche una cosa piccola, anche triste.
Gli andrebbe bene anche se non fosse sua. Gli basterebbe sapere che esiste.”
― Eleonora C. Caruso, Tutto chiuso tranne il cielo

“We experience time by perceiving, through our senses, things that change. In a completely stationary world, the concept of time will not have any meaning.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“Kai laiko turi be galo, niekas nebėra ypatinga. Be netekčių ar aukos mes nesugebame įvertinti to, ką turime.”
― Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper

“-Dievas riboja mūsų dienų skaičių ne be priežasties.
-Kokia to priežastis?
-Kad kiekviena diena būtų brangi.”
― Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper

“Music is about time,’ I told her. ‘It is about controlling time.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“It is time to end the insanity that calls itself very high altitude astronomy.”
― Steven Magee

“The flow of time stops for no one. Once a moment passes, you cannot go back and change it. Not with science, not with divine interventions.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“I wish I could unpick the stitches of time that have become all tangled and twisted together.”
― Sally Gardner, I, Coriander

“Pero siempre hay tiempo de cambiar. Siempre hay tiempo. Hasta que ya no hay.”
― M.T. Anderson, Feed

“It is time to demolish the biologically toxic Mauna Kea Observatories (MKO).”
― Steven Magee

“Nothing is older than time. There is nothing newer than the present moment.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“There’s a kind of time travel in letters, isn’t there? I imagine you laughing at my small joke; I imagine you groaning; I imagine you throwing my words away. Do I have you still? Do I address empty air and the flies that will eat this carcass? You could leave me for five years, you could return never—and I have to write the rest of this not knowing.”
― Amal El-Mohtar, This Is How You Lose the Time War

“And everyone is alive, somewhere in time.”
― Amal El-Mohtar, This Is How You Lose the Time War

“The moments between your milestones are not filler.”
― Nelou Keramati

“I touched the frame of the painting. And then I placed my whole palm on the dry, rumbling surface of the canvas, simply to prove to myself that there was no god stalking my soul. Time was not immemorial. Things were just things.”
― Ottessa Moshfegh, My Year of Rest and Relaxation

“Understanding that time is limited helps to motivate the use of each moment to the best advantage to achieve things of value.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“Once there was. Once there wasn't.
A long, long time ago, in a land not so faraway, when the sieve was inside the straw, the donkey was the town crier,and the camel was the barber ... when I was older than my father so that I rocked his cradle upon hearing his cry ... when the world was upside down and time was a cycle that turned around and around so that the future was older than the past and the past was as pristine as newly sowed fields ...

Once there was. Once there wasn't. God's creatures were as plentiful as grains and talking too much was a sin, for you could tell what you shouldn't remember and you could remember what you shouldn't tell....”
― Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul

“The right thing at the right time only happens when we stop searching for the right time, everything becomes right when we decide to make it right, time never decides the choice & determination factor, it just moves on.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Once there was; once there wasn't.
Along, long time ago, in a land not so faraway, when the sieve was inside the straw, the donkey was the town crier,and the camel was the barber ... when I was older than my father so that I rocked his cradle upon hearing his cry ... when the world was upside down and time was a cycle that turned around and around so that the future was older than the past and the past was as pristine as newly sowed fields ...

Once there was; once there wasn't. God's creatures were as plentiful as grains and talking too much was a sin, for you could tell what you shouldn't remember and you could remember what you shouldn't tell....”
― Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul by Elif Shafak

“Time is a great healer, but a lousy beautician.”
― Faraaz Kazi

“At the end of your life's journey, what do you want to say you did with your time? There is enough time if you choose to invest it in yourself. Inch by inch, day by day . . . make yourself a priority.”
― Jackie Cantoni, ARE YOU READY? A GUIDE TO BE THE BEST VERSION OF YOU: A Self-Help Book for Becoming Your Best Self

“The heart of every person is infected with the jealousy of love! It works exactly like a sleeping volcano that rises at the right time!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“প্রতিটি মানুষের হৃদয়ই ভালোবাসার হিংসার দ্বারা সংক্রমিত! এটা ঠিক একটি ঘুমন্ত আগ্নেয়গিরির মত কাজ করে যেটা সঠিক সময়ে জেগে উঠে!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“Time is the great intimidator, steadily stealing away precious seconds with no pause in the stealing. And such thievery leads us to believe that in time, the pilfering of these seconds will eventually exhaust all such seconds, leaving us at the ‘end’ of everything. Yet, God states that the seconds are actually the countdown to the ‘beginning’ everything.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“When you don’t reach out often or enough to those you care for, you’re silently announcing they’re not worth the effort or time. No amount of words or display of vulnerabilities thereafter can suffice. You’ve created a crack in something beautiful. If you value them, show it.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Don’t be such people. There’s a time to let in and then no time ever to push away. When we enter, we stay and not make you go away. We fight the demons together, not against each other. A wrong remains a wrong for whatever eventual right reasons you think you’re doing it today.”
― Nitya Prakash

“There is no time. All things exist simultaneously. All events occur at once.

This Book is being written, and as it's being written it's already written; it already exists. In fact, that's where you're getting all this information - from the book that already exists. You're merely bringing it into form.

This is what is meant by: "Even before you ask, I will have answered."

[...]

Time is experienced as a movement, a flow, rather than a constant. It is you who are moving, not time. Time has no movement. There is only One Moment.

[...]

It is not time which "passes", but objects which pass through, and move around in, a static field which you call space. "Time" is simply your way of counting movments!

Scientists deeply understand this connection and therefore speak in terms of the "Space-Time Continuum.”
― Neale Donald Walsch

“The aim of demanding quick responses or decisions is to limit time to consider options.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“Repeated enough times even the most obvious obnoxious lies become to seem like the truth.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“Maximizing time doesn't mean rushing around like there is no tomorrow.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“But there is no use blaming time.
For in destiny's path, time too is only a mute spectator.”
― Priya Saralkar, I, Me And Salman - 95% Fiction

“Time appears to rush by without any concern for its impact upon you.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“Very often, what seems to be bad for you is meant to be good for you. Wisdom allows you to stand back and wait for time to do its job. Please try to be more sophisticated in how you view the trials and tribulations of life. Very often things do happen for a reason.”
― Rahjen Black, The Underground Recovery Book 3.0

“My time begins with my death.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Speed is the whip of humanity. Speed is the enemy of the spirit. It whizzes through wisdom, tramples thought, and, instead, manufactures reflexes. It stabs art. It stifles friendship. Courtesy is no more where it reigns. It substitutes tension for attention. And kills enjoyment”
― Irina Goraïnoff, God's wayfarer : the chronicle of a modern pilgrim

“A day can pass as A day ,
A second,
A year ...
Thousands of years”
― Lara Zubaidia

“The major cost in life is the time wasted that can't possibly ever be replaced.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“Over a lifetime there are vast amounts of available time that on analysis are wasted.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“Time on the surface doesn't seem to cost anything, where in fact time costs a lifetime.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“Unlike a good wine knowledge or information doesn't age well, soon becoming obsolete or less valuable with the passing of time.”
― Steven Redhead, Life Is a Dance

“Und wer die Zeit der Menschen besitzt, der hat unbegrenzte Macht!”
― Michael Ende, MOMO

“Before Newton, time for humanity was the way of counting how things changed. Before him, no one had thought it possible that a time independent of things could exist. Don't take your intuitions and ideas to be 'natural': they are often the products of the ideas of audacious thinkers who came before us.”
― Carlo Rovelli, L'ordine del tempo

“Memories that cease to be painful are still nostalgic and nostalgia made her sad, always about a loss of time.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“Daddy says that one day all I'll think about is people I used to know.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“Nobody understands time.”
― Khalid Masood

“We pass through this world like two gnats in a husk of millet on a boundless ocean! I grieve that life is but a moment in time, and envy the endless current of the Great River. Would that I might clasp to me some flying sprite and forever wander with him! Would that I might embrace the lightsome moon for all eternity!”
― Su Dongpo, Selections From The Works Of Su Tung-Pʻo

“The phenomenon of music is given to us with the sole purpose of establishing an order in things, including, and particularly, the co-ordination between man [sic] and time."
Igor Stravinsky, quoted in DeLone et. al. (Eds.) (1975). Aspects of Twentieth-Century Music. Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall. ISBN 0130493465, Ch. 3. from Igor Stravinsky' Autobiography (1962). New York: W.W. Norton & Co., Inc., p. 54.”
― Igor Stravinsky, An Autobiography

“What had been built to seem so solid was fragile in the face of time because time is impassive, more animal than human. Time would not care if you fell out of it. It would continue on without you. It cannot see you; it has always been blind to the human and the things we do to stave it off, the taxonomies, the cleaning, the arranging, the ordering. Even this cabin with its perfectly considered angles, its veins of pipes and wires, was barely more stable than the rake marks we made in the dust that morning, which time had already scrubbed way.”
― Lauren Groff, Florida

“Seize the day and make every moment your own.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Perspective heals us, perspective empowers us, and if we let it, perspective will make us wiser. We are often built by the same things we thought were destroying us.”
― Steve Maraboli

“We are everywhere and nowhere.”
― Bibiana Krall, Troika

“We all have 1440 minutes of life today. How, what or who will you spend it on? Choose wisely. You have 1439 left.”
― Sotero M Lopez II

“She can’t move forward or backward. She is stuck in time. A constant.”
― Mina Rehman

“Tea is slow.

In growing.

In drinking.

In enjoying.

It makes sense. Good things take time.”
― Lu Ann Pannunzio, Tea-spiration: Inspirational Words for Tea Lovers

“the God who holds everything together, that God is nothing more than time itself.
Not a thinking, acting entity, a physical law.
With which one can negotiate as little as one can with one's own fate.
God is time, and time is not merciful.
We are born, and our life is already trickling away like the sand in an hourglass. Death is forever inevitably before us. Our fate is nothing but a concatenation of cause and effect.
In light and in shadow.”
― Baran bo Odar, Jantje Friese

“Even if a particle could travel backward in time, information could not. Retrocausality will be replaced by something more sophisticated.”
― R.A.Delmonico

“The arrow of time says that everything is moving from the highest possible symmetry to the most likely outcome.”
― R.A. Delmonico

“Work to support your lifestyle, don't live to support your work.”
― Richie Norton

“Each one of us here is waiting for a time in our lives that would change our time forever.”
― Shweta Tale

“God has arranged all of the preceding centuries, all of the intervolutions of time, all of the events from Genesis 1:1 up to this moment - has arranged and moulded them, has had them converge in such a way that there would be a place for this hour, the hour in which His Son will be bound... He allowed neither the forces above nor the forces below to tamper with the clock of history. He directed the battles of Caesars, the conflicts of kings, the migration of peoples, the world wars, the course of stars and sun and moon, the change of epochs, and the complex movement of all things in the world in such a way that this hour would come and had to come.”
― Klass Schilder, Christ In His Suffering

“A divided heart can never bring complete satisfaction. The man of mingled interests will seldom make a success of anything. If he would succeed in business he must give the major portion of his time and the best of his thought to his business.... The very same is true of the man who would be used of God, only to a far greater degree. The work alone must claim his whole attention. He has no room for other things.”
― Oswald J. Smith

“Perhaps the hardest thing about losing a lover is
to watch the year repeat its days.
It is as if I could dip my hand down

into time and scoop up
blue and green lozenges of April heat
a year ago in another country.

I can feel that other day running underneath this one
like an old videotape”
― Anne Carson, Glass, Irony and God

“we always have the time to do the things we want to do, and to be the people we want to be, we just need to choose to do it - to make the time to do it.”
― Kio Briggs, Living Free: The High Philosophy

“Time abhors Nothingness.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time is the art of nature.”
― Khalid Masood

“I am changing the world, one quote at a time.”
― Steven Magee

“Look deep into 'Nothingness' & then you will understand the nature of time better.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time is the eternal state of matter.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time is the source of all resources.”
― Khalid Masood

“The atoms or elementary particles themselves are not real; moments in time are real!”
― Khalid Masood

“There Is One Thing Stronger Than All The Fundamental forces Of Nature, And That Is A Moment In Time!”
― Khalid Masood

“He thinks perhaps there’s a reason our memories are kept hazy and out of focus. Maybe their abstraction serves as an anesthetic, a buffer protecting us from the agony of time and all that it steals and erases.”
― Blake Crouch, Recursion

“I spend most of my time with my friend called “Failure” and I really enjoy it when my best friend called “Discovery” drops by for an occasional visit.”
― Steven Magee

“I’d often wondered, absorbed in piles of research, if the magic of history would be lost if we could go back and live it. Did we varnish the past and make heroes of average men and imagine beauty and valor where there was only dirge and desperation? Or like the old man looking back on his youth, remembering only the things he’d seen, did the angle of our gaze sometimes cause us to miss the bigger picture? I didn’t think time offered clarity so much as time stripped away the emotion that colored memories. The Irish Civil War had happened eighty years before I’d traveled to Ireland. Not so far that the people had forgotten it, but enough time had passed that more—or maybe less—cynical eyes could pull the details apart and look at them for what they were.”
― Amy Harmon, What the Wind Knows

“The things not taken seriously are the things which causes seriousness in our lives. We wait for a right time to decide the time for taking things seriously, but the time never waits, it has a tendency to slip from our grips.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Grief grinds slowly; it devours all the time it needs.”
― Long Litt Woon, Minun sienipolkuni - sienestyksen parantava vaikutus

“We are all amateurs at grief, although sooner or later every one of us will lose someone close to us.”
― Long Litt Woon, Minun sienipolkuni - sienestyksen parantava vaikutus

“Time isn't the main thing. It's the only thing.”
― Miles Davis

“The perspective changes completely when the sense of the religiousness of the Cosmos becomes lost. This is what occurs when, in certain more highly evolved societies, the intellectual élites progressively detach themselves from the patterns of the traditional religion. Periodical sanctification of cosmic time then proves useless and without meaning. The gods are no longer accessible through the cosmic rhythms. The religious meaning of the repetition of paradigmatic gestures is forgotten. But repetition emptied of its religious content necessarily leads to a pessimistic vision of existence. When it is no longer a vehicle for reintegrating a primordial situation, and hence for recovering the mysterious presence of the gods, that is, when it is desacralized, cyclic time becomes terrifying; it is seen as a circle forever turning on itself, repeating itself to infinity.”
― Mircea Eliade, The Sacred and the Profane: The Nature of Religion

“We are approaching a time where the masses will become wise and stop supporting the toxic pursuit of knowledge of Space and instead demand the closure of these biologically harmful industries.”
― Steven Magee

“During my time in high altitude astronomy, I became aware of workers having gender issues. Many years later I discovered that sex hormones were affected by high altitude exposures.”
― Steven Magee

“Successful people don’t use the obstacles of time, education, and money as excuses...they use them as leverage to get help.⁣⁣
⁣⁣”
― Richie Norton

“In this book time thus flows in a tempo opposite that of real life: the tempo slows down as the years go by.”
― Milan Kundera, Life is Elsewhere

“We human creatures can make watches and clocks and sensitive timing devices, but we don’t understand what we’re timing.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, An Acceptable Time

“For religious man of the archaic cultures, every every existence begins in time; before a thing exists, its particular time could not exist. Before the cosmos came into existence, there was no cosmic time. Before a particular vegetable species was created, the time that now causes it to grow, bear fruit, and die did not exist. It is for this reason that every creation is imagined as having taken place at the beginning of time, in principio, Time gushes forth with the first appearance of a new category of existents, This is why myth plays such an important role; as we shall show later, the way in which a reality came into existence is revealed by its myth.”
― Mircea Eliade, The Sacred and the Profane: The Nature of Religion

“Sometimes doing work at own time & pace, kills the timely impact it may have on the result. Needs are time-bound and our decision to time them as per our convenience results in a loss of time & connection with the customers.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“During my time in high altitude astronomy, I was never informed that I was working in an abnormal radiation environment for the sea level adapted human.”
― Steven Magee

“It could have been mere minutes or long hours. It had felt the same to her then, the seconds catching in her throat, waiting with her breath before she forced them out, forced time to move.”
― Noor Al-Shanti, Children of the Dead City

“I am truly happy for people who have depth and can see beyond the present not spiritually now but in terms of process and knowing that anything and everything good must take time.

I am truly happy for people who know that you must sow before reaping.

I am truly happy for people who know that you must count 1 before 2.

I went to an organization today and spent most part of my time there.

I watched this organization grow and also recruited for them apart from using the place as set for OMA LIVING SHOW.

They were occupying a small space in one of the phase 2 districts in Abuja...
Today, they are occupying a big edifice all by themselves and to say I am proud of them is an understatement.

I am happy for the team members and staff who did not run away because of SMALL SALARY like most of us will call it.
They have been there and growing with the company.

They will be called LUCKY for having this job by the same people who carry shoulders up and quote things like; “I KNOW MY WORTH, I can’t work for less than 1 million Naira per second”...
They will be called lucky by those who sit and complain about unemployment day in day out while rejecting every job offer on account of the most flimsy and watery reasons...

But I will always say it...
Nobody is lucky!

Some people simply decided to face reality and abide by certain principles.

Many authentic beginnings are small...
But most don’t know it because they want to make it overnight!

But I am happy at the revolution that is happening.
This is a good time to embrace process.

Start building today.”
― Marilyn Oma Anona

“Time is the truest
test of truth.
You do the best you can,
and let time testify-”
― Sahndra Fon Dufe

“Theories become truth when tested by time.”
― Sahndra Fon Dufe

“Your time is precious, and your company is unforgettable.”
― Sahndra Fon Dufe

“Hear me!", cried the Ghost. "My time is nearly gone.”
― Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol

“Wealth and income without lifestyle is a waste of wealth and income. Better to be poor with a life than rich with none.”
― Richie Norton

“The offender must be able to give something back. But criminals are most often poor people. They have nothing to give. The answers to this are many. It is correct that our prisons are by and large filled with poor people. We let the poor pay with the only commodity that is close to being equally distributed in society: time.”
― Nils Christie, Limits to Pain: The Role of Punishment in Penal Policy

“A moment in time is regarded as the true fundamental building block of the universe.”
― Khalid Masood

“The universe is expanding into new or extra dimensions of time.”
― Khalid Masood

“An ultimate extreme level of a moment in time, which is nothing but 'Nothing' or Nothingness! That is, "Nothing" is actually the real smallest unit of time! And also the most fundamental building block of the universe. In this regard, "Nothing" is regarded as the true opposite of time.”
― Khalid Masood

“An ultimate extreme level of a moment in time, which is nothing but 'Nothing' or Nothingness! That is, "Nothing" is regarded as the true smallest unit of time. And also the most fundamental building block of the universe.”
― Khalid Masood

“The friend that I spend all of my time with is called Mental Illness.”
― Steven Magee

“There was a time that made in America was a great thing. Unfortunately, times have changed in some areas that the USA specializes in.”
― Steven Magee

“I need a name for this ink ... A name for the feeling you get when you see someone again. After many years. Someone lost to you. Or so you thought. And you remember them a certain way. In your mind, they never age. But then suddenly, there they are. Older. Changed by time. Different, but exactly the same.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, Stepsister

“Nothing is immune to Time. Not even eternity.”
― Mike Carey, The Sandman Presents: The Furies

“Time was not flat and linear but layered and interconnected, a circle that retraced its path again and again, generation after generation, shearing the same space if not the same sphere.”
― Amy Harmon, What the Wind Knows

“I would like there to exist places that are stable, unmoving, intangible, untouched and almost untouchable, unchanging, deep-rooted; places that might be points of reference, of departure, of origin: My birthplace, the cradle of my family, the house where I may have been born, the tree I may have seen grow (that my father may have planted the day I was born), the attic of my childhood filled with intact memories… My spaces are fragile: time is going to wear them away, to destroy them. Nothing will any longer resemble what was, my memories will betray me, oblivion will infiltrate my memory, I shall look at a few old yellowing photographs with broken edges without recognising them… Space melts like sand running through one’s fingers. Time bears it away and leaves me only shapeless shreds: To write: To try meticulously to retain something, to cause something to survive; to wrest a few precise scraps from the void as it grows, to leave somewhere a furrow, a trace, a mark or a few signs.”
― Georges Perec, Species of Spaces and Other Pieces

“When there is time
The time travels
To have it as your friend
You need to travel with it
Stand still
Let it flow
Feel the currents
Resist the pull
And then
Close your eyes
And let go”
― Maria Lehtman, The Dreaming Doors: Through the Soul Gateways

“Don’t be a slave to the money, be a slave to your passion.”
― Shaddy

“If you're going to have a story, have a big story, or none at all.”
― Joseph Campbell

“Then no sin matters,' he said. 'No sin achieves evil.'

'That's not true. Because if God doesn't exist we are the creatures of highest consciousness in the universe. We alone understand the passage of time and the value of every minute of human life. And what constitutes evil, real evil, is the taking of a single human life. Whether a man would have died tomorrow or the day after or eventually...it doesn't matter. Because if God does not exist, this life...every second of it...is all we have.”
― Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire

“The golden afternoons are too valuable. They make you realize that each day is truly unique. Therefore, the great secret of life is to live intensely the present, offered to each of us freely by God, creator of Heaven and Earth and everything that is, was and is to come.”
― Vinícius Montgomery de Miranda

“Come si definisce il tempo quando non ci siamo? Per esempio, quando abbiamo bevuto tanto che i minuti si rincorrono con in mezzo dei vuoti, o perdiamo per strada ore intere, e però eravamo lì, abbiamo detto e fatto cose, e siamo ritenuti responsabili di quello che è stato. Oppure quel breve istante in cui al telefono ci risvegliamo e ci ritroviamo nel pieno di una conversazione, e dobbiamo bluffare per riprendere il filo. Come si chiamano questi vuoti temporali? Quale parte di noi continua a funzionare in quei momenti? Dobbiamo essere ritenuti responsabili di quel che facciamo? E infine: chi siamo quando non siamo noi stessi?”
― Andrew Sean Greer, The Impossible Lives of Greta Wells

“Sometimes in life; bad things doesn't really mean it's entirely bad, but it rather gives space for the right option.”
― E. N. Aloysius JR

“The mind is full of monstrous, hybrid, unmanageable emotions. That the age of the earth is 3,000,000,000 years; that human life lasts but a second; that the capacity of the human mind is nevertheless boundless; that life is infinitely beautiful yet repulsive; that one's fellow creatures are adorable but disgusting; that science and religion have between them destroyed belief; that all bonds of union seem broken, yet some control must exist—it is in this atmosphere of doubt and conflict that writers have now to create, and the fine fabric of a lyric is no more fitted to contain this point of view than a rose leaf to envelop the rugged immensity of a rock.”
― Virginia Woolf, Selected Essays

“I don’t like getting involved with other people’s business. I don’t have time for it. And yet here I am, listening to myself say four dooming words. “Leave everything to me.”
― Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen

“The past can be changed through books and forgotten memories.”
― Jordan G Kobos

“Don’t be a slave to the money, be a slave to your passion. You could be making seven figures a year and still be miserable. People trade the most valuable thing they have for money: Time. Life is time, time is life. So follow your heart and spend your time doing what you love because no amount of money will matter in the end.”
― Shaddy

“The whole future---I thought---will be that way, life lives together with the damp odor of the land of the dead, attention with inattention, passionate leaps of the heart along with abrupt losses of meaning.”
― Elena Ferrante, The Days of Abandonment

“The wave changed instantly by rock; the rock changed by the wave returning over and over.”
― Adrienne Rich, Adrienne Rich's Poetry and Prose

“Shoot sparks of green and grey
Through time”
― Dorothea Lasky, Rome: Poems

“Over time, wonder replaced fear of the Hawaiian visions.”
― Steven Magee

“Mindset is knowing that time will eventually reveal what is making you sick.”
― Steven Magee

“It is only through self-knowledge that we can understand reality 'as it is'—a living force which is dynamic and changing with time. Bookish knowledge is like a photograph. It helps to identify the person amid many other human beings but does not have the quality of the ‘real’ person—because a living person has feelings and flexibility.”
― Awdhesh Singh, Myths are Real, Reality is a Myth

“Three o'clock. Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do. A peculiar moment in the afternoon. Today it is intolerable.”
― Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea

“It would seem we are to suffer an apocalypse of cockatoos - William Gull”
― Alan Moore, From Hell

“The same pot that gave birth to the angels created the demons too. And eventually, there came a time where the differences between both races perished. What came out of the pot next shook the whole universe, and turned it into a graveyard of dreams.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“A time like that comes for every man, when he choses what sort of man he wants to be. And if you don't know the story, you don't know the man.”
― Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove

“I don't think something can constitute a journey unless it leaves one's world looking different than before.”
― Daniel V Chappell

“Time had sneaked in and stolen her recklessness.”
― Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Legend

“Timelessness is an art.”
― Richie Norton

“Make your work laser focused to create asymmetrical success and increase your time and personal freedoms.”
― Richie Norton

“The highest and best use of your time isn’t always something you like, but something you like can be the best use of your time. Choose wisely.”
― Richie Norton

“Life is nothing more than moments in time. To achieve greatness, you have to give up those moments. You have to give your life to your goal.”
― Evan Winter, The Rage of Dragons

“After lunch - one short nap:
On waking up - two cups of tea.
Raising my head, I see the sun's light
Once again slanting to the south-west.
Those who are happy regret the shortness of the day;
Those who are sad tire of the year's sloth.
But those whose hearts are devoid of joy or sadness
Just go on living, regardless of 'short' or 'long'.

-After Lunch”
― Po Chü-i, The Dragon Book

“Time and habit had taken the wrongness out of almost all the acts he had once thought sinful. He performed them as unenthusiastically as he would have performed the act of catching the morning train to the city.”
― Aldous Huxley, Point Counter Point

“A minha juventude passou e eu não estava lá.
Pensava em outra coisa, olhava noutra direcção.
Os melhores anos da minha vida perdidos por distração!”
― Manuel António Pina, Poesia Reunida

“ Dans les fins de mois, ce qui est le plus dur, c'est les trente derniers jours.

The hardest part of ending each month is going through the last 30 days.”
― Coluche

“Do not waste time on the past. This is a subtle matter from which you can weave anything.”
― Marina Matiss

“Law of Attraction 101 — the basics.
Don’t waste someone’s time if you don’t want them wasting yours.”
― Jill Telford

“The alchemy of time transforms everything into comedy. Everything. Even crucifixion.”
― Josef Škvorecký

“Perhaps it was a case of time overflowing.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Message to the Planet

“Credeam că ce ai o dată, rămâne al tău până la moarte.”
― Mircea Eliade, Noaptea de Sânziene

“Future can alter your past too, perhaps no wise man has told this before.”
― Saroj Aryal

“Love comes and goes, pitching its mansion. And on the circular track of days, it appears that Dread is gaining on Devotion every second.”
― Joy Williams, Breaking and Entering

“Time is Clock of the Universe!”
― Khalid Masood

“He was hoping that things would work out well.
The Doctor always tended to hope that things would work out well - his life would have been unbearably stressful if he didn't. Plus, a long lifespan spent traveling in both time and space had given him a certain perspective on hideous situations involving almost certain death. So far none of them had ended that badly.”
― A.L. Kennedy, Doctor Who: The Drosten's Curse

“There are no particles. There are only moments in time.”
― Khalid Masood

“A memory is a ledge on the mountainside of the mind; there we are, drinking and chatting, and on the ledge below us my dad sits in his chair, dead, his face smeared with blood.”
― Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 6

“This is time, time laid bare, coming slowly
into existence, keeping us waiting, and when it does come making us sick because we realise it's been there for a long time.”
― Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea

“Time defeats losers. Time inspires winners.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time was created in your space time universe for collecting experiences and Loosh. There is only the unlimited, albeit ever expanding or ever shrinking Now. Whether the Now is expanding or shrinking depends on the direction of the particular Loop of Creation, by Gardener.”
― Jozef Simkovic

“A family which stays together for selfish reasons and not out of love does not stay together for long. When the family is humoured for convenience and necessity, its utility gets over soon. In such cases, children don’t need their parents when they grow up. A wife does not need her husband if she earns her livelihood. A husband may be attracted to a younger and more beautiful woman to fill his life. Parents do not want to waste time and money in bringing up their children who may leave them on growing up and won’t be available in time of need. An investment in a bank would perhaps be more reliable for old age than investment on children.”
― Awdhesh Singh, Myths are Real, Reality is a Myth

“It takes a long time for the spiritual and cultural knowledge to sink in our subconscious mind and become a belief. Our beliefs also change with time, but the change is quite slow like the changes in the body of a person. Even the most progressive person doesn’t want to change his beliefs though he may always be ready to acquire new knowledge.”
― Awdhesh Singh, Myths are Real, Reality is a Myth

“When we see the reality which can’t be explained by our existing faith and beliefs, we drop or modify our beliefs and try to understand the world by using our renewed beliefs. Our faith is not hard-coded but changes with time like a living entity.”
― Awdhesh Singh, Myths are Real, Reality is a Myth

“When your kids have school summer holidays, and you can match your schedule to meet their time demands for the entire holiday period, that is your money at work for you - aka Financial Freedom”
― Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom

“In two hours the muscles of the heart contract and relax, contract again and relax only eight thousand times. The earth travels less than an eighth of a million miles along its orbit. And the prickly pear has had time to invade only another hundred acres of Australian territory. Two hours are as nothing. The time to listen to the Ninth Symphony and a couple of the posthumous quartets, to fly from London to Paris, to transfer a luncheon from the stomach to the small intestine, to read _Macbeth_, to die of snake bite or earn one-and-eightpence as a charwoman.”
― Aldous Huxley, Point Counter Point

“You must have certain principles in life to ensure that you follow the right path and do not deviate from it at the time of difficulties. Principles are not meant so much for the easy times, as for the difficult times, when you are tempted to follow the easy path to avoid the pressing problem.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“ Dans les fins de mois, ce qui est le plus dur, c'est les trente derniers jours.

The hardest part of the end of each month is last thirty days.”
― Coluche

“ Dans les fins de mois, ce qui est le plus dur, c'est les trente derniers jours.

The hardest thing about the end of the month is the last 30 days.”
― Coluche

“Bazı şeylerin değerinin anlaşılması için zaman gerekir.”
― Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

“All data is stale. The photons reaching your eyes are stale. They tell you that you are looking at something real, but you have no information that the objects before you still exist. They may have vanished into oblivion the instant those photons took wing.”
― Alastair Reynolds, House of Suns

“Time changes, so does bae.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Whenever I’m not writing, time trudges forward with the maddening, mortifying, miserable, morose, moribund pace of a funeral procession.”
― Cat Winters, The Raven's Tale

“Now and then, the passage of time seems acutely apparent. Physical pain always sharpens the awareness.”
― Han Kang, 흰

“If you are not happy today, it is because you have not performed the right actions at the right time in the past.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Don't be afraid of the future as it's always uncertain. Your mind and hands together can make your future better. So, don't spend time thinking while doing nothing.”
― Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life

“Time wipes successes that easily achieved and cheap.
-Red White Love: The Love of Liverpool FC”
― Mustafa Donmez

“If you've ever tried to keep a diary, then you'll know that the problem of trying to write about the past really starts in the present: No matter how fast you write, you're always stuck in the then and you can never catch up to what's happening now; which means that now is pretty much doomed to extinction.”
― Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being

“Time comes not from the ground but from the underground. Time belongs to Satan; he carries it like a skein in the pocket of the devil, unravels it when his mysterious economies do dictate, and it should be wrested away from him. For, if one can ask and receive eternity from God, then we can take the opposite of eternity --time-- only from Satan...”
― Milorad Pavić, Dictionary of the Khazars

“Time will sweep us away, but our words will remain long after we settle into the dark.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Your happiness depends on your ability to balance the opposites rather than sticking to only one of the truths while ignoring all others. When you avoid something for long, over a period of time, it creates a craving in you that can disturb the peace of your mind and make you suffer immensely.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“The Minotaur lacks confidence in his penmanship. Over time the Minotaur has learned to read, has even been able to make the slow laborious transition from one language to another as cultures die off and fade away as he moves from place to place. But the Minotaur has never been able to rise above rudimentary skills. Most books seem ridiculously small, and the physical act of finding a comfortable sight line over his massive snout frustrates him. Nevertheless the Minotaur is haunted by the idea that books and reading might make those vast stretches of time that loom before him more bearable.”
― Steven Sherrill, The Minotaur Takes a Cigarette Break

“And once you've got clocks, you've got death and dead people, because time, as we know, runs on, and then it runs out, and dead people are situated outside of time, whereas living people are still immersed in it.”
― Margaret Atwood, Negotiating with the Dead

“Long-term goals are like planting a tree that will bear fruits only after a few years. These trees take a long time to grow but they provide lasting benefits. Unlike the seasonal crop that gives you benefits only once, the trees keep bearing fruits year after year without much effort. However, you have to constantly work for a couple of years even when no fruit is in sight. You must have faith and the motivation to be able to put in continuous effort for a long time.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“There can’t be any formula for happiness because happiness is an effect and not a cause. The same activity, which at one time gave you happiness, may now become a source of suffering. Or often a great suffering ends up becoming a source of joy.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“When we close our options at some point of time, we learn to be happy with what we have. However, when we keep our options open, we are rarely happy with what we have as we find the grass greener on the other side of the fence.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“WARNING: If you do it right the first time, they'll ask you to do it again.”
― Nitya Prakash

“You must plan your life in such a way that at the time of your death, you own nothing, and have given everything. You can’t carry anything with you to the other world and everything shall be left here in this world after you are gone. All that will remain of you will be your good work.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“Isn't it suffocating to keep waiting for life to get better all the time?”
― Nitya Prakash

“It is a scientific fact that time is infinitely divisible, that each moment contains within it the fragments of a thousand others, and each of them can be splintered into a thousand more, and so on and so on. Somewhere then, hidden within these shards of time that occur in the endless instants between the second hand, Cinnabar moved, setting his webbed palm around the pistol at his waist and fanning off two shots. To the subjective observer, however - to Angie and her unfortunate sibling - the salamander's movements were impossible to follow. Before their brains could process the information gathered by their senses, perhaps even before their senses had recognized the stimulus itself, bits of iron had exploded through their skulls and made either act impossible.”
― Daniel Polansky, The Builders

“The truth is somewhere in the middle of each thing which you read... in it's in the middle... to find it... you need time... but time in it's the essence, right now!”
― Deyth Banger

“I am neither in time nor out of time.
-Red White Love: The Love of Liverpool FC”
― mustafa donmez

“MOVING FORWARD is not always EASY or PLEASANT...But---TIME MARCHES ON---and WE HAVE NO CHOICE but to MARCH WITH IT---whether WE WANT TO OR NOT.

TIME'S ONWARD MARCH is just another 'SPOKE' in the WHEEL OF LIFE.”
― Marsha Carol Watson Gandy

“In time, they have lost their personalities and begun to resemble each other.
-Red White Love: The Love of Liverpool FC”
― Mustafa Donmez

“Time is a remedy for all troubles and it cures all wounds with its kind hands.
-Red White Love: The Love of Liverpool FC”
― Mustafa Donmez

“It is important to understand that lack of time is no less a source of unhappiness than lack of money. The more time 128 | 31 Ways to Happiness Manage Your Time | 129 you can save for yourself, the more time you will have to enjoy life and do what you love to do. A man, who is rich in time, is no less wealthy than a man who is rich in money.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“A trustworthy person will not promise what he can’t deliver. However, you can’t deliver what you promise, unless you know yourself, know others, know the rules of the world and take the right action at the right time.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“only forever
... and nothing
could last”
― Kimelene Carr

“The courthouse clock struck nine and it was getting late and it was really night on this small street in a small town in a big state on a large continent on a planet earth hurtling down the pit of space toward nowhere or somewhere and Tom feeling every mile of the long drop.”
― Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine

“Time is all messed up... Forevers are seconds. Words come too soon or too late. Some stories last forever, others seem to come only yesterday… or tomorrow. Strange, isn’t it? Time has gone mad.”
― Emory R. Frie, Wonderland

“Mindful is remembering that being alive is the ultimate gift. When we know we have a limited amount of time, we're more careful how we spend it.”
― Sam Horn, Someday Is Not a Day in the Week: 10 Hacks to Make the Rest of Your Life the Best of Your Life

“All goals take time to be accomplished. Think a hundred times before setting up your goals. However, once you decide, don’t change the goal in a hurry. Don’t abandon goals after you have travelled a long distance on them.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“I've climbed up here holding the hilt of time's sword by driving it into my tender heart.”
― Suman Pokhrel

“May I discard the outer cover of time from the layers of poetry by immersing the poet in its entirety within me”
― Suman Pokhrel

“I survived something I shouldn't have. Final thoughts: it's about time. I've made mistake, but I'm gonna go out right." -Rufus Emeterio-”
― Adam Silvera

“With her inner eye she saw how her own house and its particular history linked and contained her as well as her whole family with all their separate histories and experiences — not binding them within some dead and airless cell but giving them the soil in which to send down their roots, and food to make them grow and spread, reach out to new experiences and new lives, but always drawing from the same soil, the same secret darkness. That soil contained all time, past and future, in it. It was dark with time, rich with time. It was where her deepest self lived, and the deepest selves of her sister and brothers and all those who shared that time with her.”
― Anita Desai, Clear Light of Day

“Time was dead in the air.”
― Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase

“Time trailed off into death and over this dead time, a silent snow was falling.”
― Haruki Murakami

“I can't interfere with my own past! Because that would mean I'd be interfering with my own past- to stop myself from interfering with my own past! THEN where would we be?!" - 6th Doctor”
― Nev Fountain, Doctor Who: Peri and the Piscon Paradox

“She remembered sitting on the edge of a white-sheeted bed, the muscles in her arms drawn taut as she gripped the linen and tried to contain her screams of pain, her teeth feeling like they’d crack from being clenched so hard, watching the seconds slowly drip off the clock.”
― Obie Williams, The Crimes of Orphans

“If we begin to die when we live, and long life be but a prolongation of death, our life is a sad composition; we live with death, and die not in a moment.”
― Thomas Browne, Urne Burial

“There is no antidote against the opium of time, which temporally considereth all things: our fathers find their graves in our short memories, and sadly tell us how we may be buried in our survivors. Gravestones tell truth scarce forty years. Generations pass while some trees stand, and old families last not three oaks.”
― Thomas Browne

“To be nameless in worthy deeds, exceeds an infamous history. The Canaanitish woman lives more happily without a name, than Herodias with one. And who had not rather have been the good thief, than Pilate?”
― Thomas Browne, Urne Burial

“Who knows whether the best of men be known, or whether there be not more remarkable persons forgot, than any that stand remembered in the known account of time? The first man had been as unknown as the last, and Methuselah's long life had been his only chronicle.”
― Thomas Browne, Urne Burial

“Like voices humming along a telegraph wire, Evie thought. That was how to teach it. One could rest one's hand upon the past, feel the vibrato, one could close one's eyes, lean low and listen hard. If you were paying attention, one could hear the voices underneath the past. And that was time.”
― Sarah Blake, The Guest Book

“It took me a long time to learn how to love myself. But I can't go about convincing others to do the same!”
― Avijeet Das

“Read to go?"
I remain seated.
"Getting up means leaving," I say.
"Yeah," Rufus says.
"LEaving means ding," I say.
"Nah. LEaving means living before you die. Let's bounce.”
― Adam Silvera, They Both Die at the End

“کچھ دنوں میں یہ صلاحیت ہوتی ہے کہ وہ گھڑیوں کے تابع نہیں رہتے، اپنی گنجائش اور سمائی کے مطابق گزرتے ہیں۔”
― Bano Qudsia, Raja Gidh / راجه گدھ

“Step by step, inch by inch, time paced around my mangled body. It circled me, slowly, inspecting the scene, taking inventory.”
― Nathan Walkowicz, THE GIANT

“A person made time for people and things they cared about.”
― Shelley Coriell, Welcome, Caller, This Is Chloe

“An unfortunate reality is that most people are unhappy most of the time. Unhappiness is so widely
pervasive in the modern world that if you tell someone that you are happy, people are unlikely to
believe you. It is because we have stopped accepting that it is possible to achieve happiness”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“I know time doesn't heal. That's the silliest idea of all.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Black Prince

“In consequence, when the pleasures have been removed which busy people derive from their actual activities, the mind cannot endure the house, the solitude, the walls, and hates to observe its own isolation. From this arises that boredom and self-dissatisfaction, that turmoil of a restless mind and gloomy and grudging endurance of our leisure, especially when we are ashamed to admit the reasons for it and our sense of shame drives the agony inward, and our desires are trapped in narrow bounds without escape and stifle themselves. From this arise melancholy and mourning and a thousand vacillations of a wavering mind, buoyed up by the birth of hope and sickened by the death of it. From this arises the state of mind of those who loathe their own leisure and complain that they have nothing to do, and the bitterest envy at the promotion of others. For unproductive idleness nurtures malice, and because they themselves could not prosper they want everyone else to be ruined. Then from this dislike of others' success and despair of their own, their minds become enraged against fortune, complain about the times, retreat into obscurity, and brood over their own sufferings until they become sick and tired of themselves.”
― Seneca, On the Shortness of Life

“I have no time. There may be real truth to be found in this statement. Does time actually exist or is it just a mind-made tool used to establish structures? Furthermore, these compel us to overlook the only state of existence that is real and void of clock time. It is now.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“Dad lived in fear of time. He felt it stalking him. I could see it in the worried glances he gave the sun as it moved across the sky, in the anxious way he appraised every length of pipe or cut of steel. Dad saw every piece of scrap as the money it could be sold for, minus the time needed to sort, cut and deliver it.”
― Tara Westover, Educated

“You tell me, my dear child, you wish Time would fly more rapidly: alas! You know not what you say. He will obey you but too implicitly; he will overtake you before you are aware, and when you would restrain his impetuous career, it will not be in your power. I was formerly guilty of the same fault, of which I now repent; and, though he has been more lenient with me than he has been with many others, yet I trace his depredating progress in the loss of a thousand little charms, of which he has robbed me.”
― Marie Rabutin-Chantal De Sevigne, The Letters of Madame de Sevigne to Her Daughter and Friends

“We can consider successes and failures in our life as credit and debit entries of our happiness account. Every time we succeed in achieving our goal, we get credit in the form of happiness and every time we fail, we debit our happiness account. If we have enough credits of happiness, we can easily withstand some failures just like the person who has a million dollar bank balance, does not get disconcerted if he loses out on a few thousand dollars. However, the same loss can bring much grief to a person who has a very small balance in his account.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“We all are sailing in the same boat called Time which is heading towards Death.”
― Dr. Imran Khan

“The Minotaur comes and goes. He has for centuries. And there have been many bridges.

The Minotaur pauses, as he walks, midway through the covered bridge that serves, in more ways than one, as the entrance to Old Scald Village. He rests his heavy snout against one of the wooden trusses. The Minotaur likes this portal, both ingress and egress, a breach in the terribly human construct of time.”
― Steven Sherrill, The Minotaur Takes His Own Sweet Time

“It will take your life's time to realize if the love is true or not.”
― Dido Stargaze

“When time changes, the law also changes to suit the new rulers. Often the same people who were being accused of heinous crimes like treason according to the then laws, become the martyrs and messiahs when the laws are changed.”
― Awdhesh Singh, 31 Ways to Happiness

“I loved someone once. A woman. I loved her madly. Do you understand? We were together, in secret, for nearly twenty years. And we were told we couldn't talk about that love… because it was dangerous. It was dangerous to love […] There comes a time when the only way to start living is to tell the truth. To be who you really are, even if it is dangerous.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“Possessions

Live in peace and be free.
When possessions own your heart,
You are enslaved to money and to corporations.
Your time is owned by the moneylenders
And they will not let you spend it freely.
They will tell you what to buy, but not
What it will truly cost you.

You will be held ransom.

What is your heart worth?
What about your time?
What holds your heart, holds your attention.
What holds your attention, holds your time.
What holds your time, holds your life.
And if it's possessions that holds these things,
It will demand it all.”
― Eric Overby

“The entropy of the world in the far past appears very low to us. But this might not reflect the exact state of the world: it might regard the subset of the world' s variables with which we, as physical systems, have interacted. It is with respect to the dramatic blurring produced by our interactions with the world, caused by the small set of macroscopic variables in terms of which we describe the world, that the entropy of the universe was low.”
― Carlo Rovelli

“For the morning glory, eternity is a day; for the redwood, a thousand years.”
― Marty Rubin

“War kills time, precious human time.”
― Svetlana Alexievich, War's Unwomanly Face

“টেনিসনের দুটো লাইন মনে পড়ছে

Time marches on but
memories stays.
Torturing silenty the rest
of our days.”
― Nimai Bhattacharya, মেমসাহেব

“Just as the invention of air travel had made it easy to go, but no easier to leave, the invention of time travel made time easy to pass, but no easier to endure.”
― Thea Lim, An Ocean of Minutes

“No estimo
res més, excepte l'ombra
viatgera d'un núvol.
El lent record dels dies
que són passats per sempre.”
― Salvador Espriu, Cementiri De Sinera

“Please God, whatever I was I am no longer….All is forgotten, if not forgiven—it could have come to that. But I don’t trust the thought. I don’t know if it’s because it would be too easy or too terrible to imagine no one cares anymore.”
― Tim Winton, The Shepherd's Hut

“Time creates 'Nothing' and Everything.”
― Khalid Masood

“I had made myself the most complicated and the most hopeless trap that ever a man devised.”
― H.G. Wells, The Time Machine

“Time Exists Beyond Infinity.”
― Khalid Masood

“That look on his face could break the hands off a clock, turning time into something weightless and slow.”
― Joseph Cassara, The House of Impossible Beauties

“And what happens when all the threads of the tapestry have been traveled? Do you then go over them again and again in an attempt to relive the best parts? Because nothing will be like that first experience. Nothing.”
― Karen Lord, Unraveling

“The science of decorating time with harmony and art that will leave a mark to be forever embraced by philosophers of every century is the penultimate of a man's inner peace and eternal happiness.”
― Mokapi More

“À medida que perspectiva do mundo se amplia, não diminui apenas a dor que ela causa, mas também o significado que tem. Compreender o mundo exige que se mantenha uma certa distância dele. Ampliamos coisas que são demasiado pequenas para serem vistas a olho nu, como moléculas e átomos. Reduzimos coisas que são demasiados grandes, como nuvens, deltas de rios e constelações. Só fixamos o mundo quando o temos ao alcance dos nossos sentidos. A essa fixação chamamos conhecimento. Durante a nossa infância e juventude lutamos para manter a distância correta das coisas e dos fenómenos. Lemos aprendemos, experimentamos, corrigimos. Então, um dia, chegamos ao ponto em que todas as distâncias necessárias foram determinadas, todos os sistemas necessários foram estabelecidos. É aí que o tempo começa a acelerar. Já não encontra qualquer obstáculo, está tudo determinado, o tempo passa rapidamente pelas nossas vidas, os dias sucedem-se num piscar de olhos, e , antes que nos apercebamos do que está a acontecer, temos quarenta, cinquenta, sessenta anos... O sentido requer conteúdo, o conteúdo requer tempo, o tempo requer resistência. O conhecimento é distância, o conhecimento é estagnação e inimigo do sentido.”
― Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 1

“বাতাস যখন তোমার সুন্দর চুল করছিলো এলোমেলো,

আমার দুচোখ তোমার নিখুঁত ঠোঁটে আটকে গেলো সেইসময়!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“أظنّ أنّ الزمن لا يُقهَر. لا يُقهَر لأنّنا نوقفه في لحظة ما، ثم نعود إليه.”
― ناصر الظفيري, أبيض يتوحش

“كل شيء يشكِّل زمنه الخاصّ به في مستطيل الغرفة: الشاب يتقدَّم في السن، الأثاث يهترئ، الأجهزة تتبدَّل، كما يوحي التطوُّر. أمّا زمني في مستطيل اللوحة، فثابتٌ لا يتغيَّر”
― ناصر الظفيري, أبيض يتوحش

“There's a time for taking yourself seriously, it's just usually never the right time.”
― Richie Norton

“Life is short, but the days are long. So move slowly and take your time.”
― Marty Rubin

“Anzi, secondo lui, dimenticarsi del tempo che passava era un espediente per farlo scorrere con maggiore lentezza.”
― Virginia Bernardi, Echi da un destino sospeso

“Time is not necessary for healing but it is generally inevitable.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“Gravity and time are local, and they are maintaining the balance in the bubbles. However, anomalies in the local gravity fields and times can destroy complete planetary systems and civilizations.”
― Jozef Simkovic, How to Kiss the Universe: An Inspirational Spiritual and Metaphysical Narrative about Human Origin, Essence and Destiny

“You may have a million reasons not to get started now. In a month or a year or five years from now, you may have only one regret - that you didn't start now.”
― John C. Maxwell, Today Matters: 12 Daily Practices to Guarantee Tomorrow's Success

“It was Father Charles Coughlin, of Detroit, who had first thought out the device of freeing himself from any censorship of his political sermons on the Mount by "buying his own time on the air"— it being only in the twentieth century that mankind has been able to buy Time as it buys soap and gasoline. This invention was almost equal, in its effect on all American life and thought, to Henry Ford's early conception of selling cars cheap to millions of people, instead of selling a few as luxuries.”
― Sinclair Lewis, It Can't Happen Here

“...life is an argument with the world over time.”
― Colson Whitehead, The Colossus of New York

“All motion is time in motion.”
― Khalid Masood

“We don't really grow up. Our toys change with time.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Nous avions le temps. Lui, parce qu'il était vieux, moi parce que j'étais jeune. [We had time. Him, because he was old, me because I was young.]”
― Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt, Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt, Monsieur Ibrahim et les fleurs du Coran

“When something moves you can tell that time has passed. Not till then. Until something moves time is eternal ... That's why time doesn't pass for the hanged man: because even if the child's hand moves, he doesn't know it.”
― Gabriel García Márquez, Leaf Storm and Other Stories

“The only way a man could defy time was to leave behind buildings that would not die.”
― Kiran Nagarkar, Cuckold

“Not only are the depressed in a different place but their relationship to time is also warped. Depression recognizes only one time slot-the past-and only one manner of speech: “If only.” People who are depressed have very little contact with the present moment. They live persistently in their memories, resurrecting all that has come and gone. Like a hamster on a wheel or a snake that has swallowed its tail, they are stuck in a roundabout of gloom”
― Elif Shafak, Black Milk: On Writing, Motherhood, and the Harem Within

“Death, distance, and time, shall each one of them dig graves for your affections; but this pi do not know, nor can know, until the story of your life is ended.”
― Ik Marvel, Dream life: fable of the seasons

“Death, distance, and time, shall each one of them dig graves for your affections; but this you do not know, nor can know, until the story of your life is ended.”
― Ik Marvel, Dream Life

“By Fate, by Destiny, said the Vermonter. By the fact that time runs in only one direction, and we are borne along by it, influenced precisely as we are, to do just the things that we do, the bass lisper said.”
― George Saunders, Lincoln in the Bardo

“And I still walk the sidewalk mumbling

something about how it will all be fine

Fine is its own crazy village on the Rhine
Fine is the name of the cuckoo-clock maker
Fine is the word the cuckoo cries

every hour after hour on the hour—
scrambling out of its dark little hole

like something being chased with a knife by Time”
― Laura Kasischke, Space, in Chains

“Time is made for dying in a thousand ways, so why be afraid of dying when a kind of dying could come all the time? Live every day like you're terminal. Because you are. Live every day like your soul is eternal. Because it is.”
― Ann Voskamp, The Broken Way: A Daring Path into the Abundant Life

“Your time is limited - so don't limit your life by wanting someone else's.”
― Ann Voskamp, The Broken Way: A Daring Path into the Abundant Life

“It seems to me that one of the great luxuries of life at this point is to do one thing at a time. One thing to which you give yourself wholeheartedly, uni-tasking.”
― Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation

“Is there any more feudal, soul eradiating experience than standing before the little window on a microwave oven watching the carousel slowly revolve your frozen block of dinner? Time spent this way might be easier than cooking but it is not enjoyable & surely not ennobling. It is to feel spiritually unemployed, useless to self & humanity.”
― Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation

“hours hours and hours snap up our pleasures”
― Alejandra Pizarnik, The Galloping Hour: French Poems

“Many things may face extinction with the passage of time. But, some things will never go extinct. For instance, the printed books and the classrooms!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“সময়ের পরিক্রমায় হয়তো অনেক কিছুই বিলুপ্তির মুখোমুখি হবে। কিন্তু, কিছু জিনিস কখনোই বিলুপ্ত হবে না। উদাহরণস্বরূপ, ছাপা বই এবং শ্রেণীকক্ষ!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“Today is a hard day." Sometimes, there are hard days. Days stretched so tight with pain that they seem as if they can allow no room for hope.”
― Libba Bray, Hope Nation: YA Authors Share Personal Moments of Inspiration

“Most people in the world are sacrificing their souls to the devil. Remember, any good or gold achieved by the devil and his followers has no moral and righteous tale to tell and it's always tragedy at the end. Therefore, seek the Lord and stay on the right lane. It will never seize your internal peace and quest to achieve great things.”
― Mokapi More

“Saturday morning, and I am at the old game of catching time between my fingers as it is running, forever running, away.”
― Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath

“Time is nothing but everything.”
― Khalid Masood

“Wait, for now.
Distrust everything if you have to.
But trust the hours. Haven’t they
carried you everywhere, up to now?
Personal events will become interesting again.
Hair will become interesting.
Pain will become interesting.
Buds that open out of season will become interesting.
Second-hand gloves will become lovely again;
their memories are what give them
the need for other hands. The desolation
of lovers is the same: that enormous emptiness
carved out of such tiny beings as we are
asks to be filled; the need
for the new love is faithfulness to the old.

Wait.
Don’t go too early.
You’re tired. But everyone’s tired.
But no one is tired enough.
Only wait a little and listen:
music of hair,
music of pain,
music of looms weaving our loves again.
Be there to hear it, it will be the only time,
most of all to hear your whole existence,
rehearsed by the sorrows, play itself into total exhaustion.”
― Galway Kinnell, Mortal Acts Mortal Words

“Time passed, turning everything to ice.
Under the ice, the future stirred.
If you fell into it, you died.

It was a time
of waiting, of suspended action.

I lived in the present, which was
that part of the future you could see.
The past floated above my head,
like the sun and moon, visible but never reachable.

It was a time
governed by contradictions, as in
I felt nothing and
I was afraid.”
― Louise Glück, Averno

“I was young, I said to myself: I have life in front of me.
As I got older, I said to myself: I have life behind me.
Sick, I said to myself: I do not care; as long as I have life with me.
Since then, life is always with me.
Neither in front, nor behind, nor before, nor after.
I stopped offering it on the altar of Time. I brought life back to life.”
― Emmanuelle Soni-Dessaigne

“We were picking apart a problem in linguistic history and, as it were, examining close up the peak period of glory in the history of a language; in minuets we had traced the path which had taken it several centuries. And I was powerfully gripped by the vision of transitoriness: the way before our eyes such a complex, ancient, venerable organism, slowly built up over many generations, reaches its highest point, which already contains the germ of decay, and the whole intelligently articulated structure begins to droop, to degenerate, to totter towards its doom.”
― Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game

“Moreover, the Games as a whole expressed a tragic doubt and renunciation; they became figurative statements of the dubiousness of all intellectual endeavour. At the same time, in their intellectual structure as well as in their calligraphic technique and perfection, they were so extraordinarily beautiful that they brought tears to one's eyes. Each of these Games moved with such gravity and sincerity towards solution, only at the last so nobly to forgo the attempt at solution, that it was like a perfect elegy upon the transitoriness inherent in all beautiful things and the ultimate dubiety immanent in all soaring flights of the intellect.”
― Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game

“Let me return from history and draw my conclusion. What all this means to us at the present time is this: Our system has already passed its flowering. Some time ago it reached that summit of blessedness which the mysterious game of world history sometimes allows to things beautiful and desirable in themselves. We are on the downward slope. Our course may possible stretch out for a very long time, but in any case nothing finer, ore beautiful, and more desirable than what we have already had can henceforth be expected. The road leads downhill. Historically we are, I believe, ripe for dismantling. And there is no doubt that such will be our fate, not today or tomorrow, but the day after tomorrow. I do not draw this conclusion from any excessively moralistic estimate of our accomplishments and our abilities: I draw it far more from the movements which I see already on the way in the outside world. Critical times are approaching; the omens can be sensed everywhere; the world is once again about to shift its center of gravity. Displacements of power are in the offing. They will not take place without war and violence. From the Far East comes a threat not only to peace, but to life and liberty. Even if our country remains politically neutral, even if our whole nation unanimously abides by tradition (which is not the case) and attempts to remain faithful to Castalian ideals, that will be in vain. Some of our representatives in Parliament are already saying that Castalia is a rather expensive luxury for our country. The country may very soon be forced into a serious rearmament - armaments for defensive purposes only, of course - and great economies will be necessary. In spite of the government's benevolent disposition towards us, much of the economizing will strike us directly. We are proud that our Order and the cultural continuity it provides have cost the country as little as they have. In comparison with other ages, especially the early period of the Feuilletonistic Age with its lavishly endowed universities, its innumerable consultants and opulent institutes, this toll is really not large. It is infinitesimal compared with the sums consumed for war and armaments during the Century of Wars. But before too long this kind of armament may once again be the supreme necessity; the generals will again dominate Parliament; and if the people are confronted with the choice of sacrificing Castalia or exposing themselves to the danger of war and destruction, we know how they will choose. Undoubtedly a bellicose ideology will burgeon. The rash of propaganda will affect youth in particular. Then scholars and scholarship, Latin and mathematics, education and culture, will be considered worth their salt only to the extent that they can serve the ends of war.”
― Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game

“Ordinarily, when he thought back upon those days, let alone upon his student years and the Bamboo Grove, it had always been as if he were gazing from a cool, dull room out into broad, brightly sunlit landscapes, into the irrevocable past, the paradise of memory. Such recollections had always been, even when they were free of sadness, a vision of things remote and different, separated from the prosaic present by a mysterious festiveness. But now, on this bright and cheerful September afternoon, with the strong greens and browns all around him and the ethereal, gently misted tones of blues verging into violet in the distance, as he trudged along at an easy pace, with frequent pauses to look about him, that walking tour of so long ago did not seem a distant paradise cut off from a resigned present. rather his present journey was the same as that of the past, the present Joseph Knecht was close as a brother to the Knecht of those days. Everything was new again, mysterious, promising; all that had been could recur, and many new things as well. It was long, long since he had looked out upon the day and the world and seen them as so unburdened, so beautiful and innocent. The happiness of freedom, of commanding his own destiny, flooded through him like a strong drink. How long it was since he had last had this feeling, last entertained this lovely and rapturous illusion.”
― Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game

“Tito looked eagerly toward the dark crest of the mountain, behind which the sky pulsed in the morning light. Now a fragment of the rocky ridge flashed violently like a glowing metal beginning to melt. The crest blurred and seemed suddenly lower, as if it were melting down, and from the fiery gap the dazzling sun appeared. Simultaneously, the ground, the house, and their shore of the lake were illuminated, and the two, standing in the strong radiance, instantly felt the delightful warmth of this light. The boy, filled with the solemn beauty of the moment and the glorious sensation of his youth and strength, stretched his limbs with rhythmic arm movements, which his whole body soon took up, celebrating the break of day in an enthusiastic dance and expressing his deep oneness with the surging, radiant elements. His steps flew in joyous homage toward the victorious sun and reverently retreated from it; his outspread arms embraced mountain, lake, and sky; kneeling, he seemed to pay tribute to the earth mother, and extending his hands, to the waters of the lake; he offered himself, his youth, his freedom, his burning sense of is own life, like a festive sacrifice to the powers. The sunlight gleamed on his tanned shoulders; his eyes were half-closed to the dazzle; his young face stared masklike with an expression of inspired, almost fanatical gravity.”
― Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game

“Scientists had always doubted the accuracy of measuring time and thus they had never confirmed the correct time with a hundred percent accuracy. Philosophers, however, always knew what the correct time was. Now.”
― Abhishek Verma, Untruth, Untruth

“I am now convinced that Nothing or Nothingness is actually Time.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time Exists Beyond the Standard Model.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time Exists Beyond God.”
― Khalid Masood

“Nothing Exists Beyond Time.”
― Khalid Masood

“The stars move still, time runs, the clock will strike, The devil will come, and Faustus must be damned.”
― Christopher Marlowe, Dr. Faustus

“Time is relative. In human life, time is experience. The faster you archive a significant experience to your memory, the more you live in the same clock time. In physics, experience is represented by the distance traveled, and this entire thing is called the Relativity of Time. I want to age and die through archiving my experiences, not watching my biological clock. Please don't waste my clock time with mediocrity and egotism, let me use it towards serving to others.”
― Alper Mazun

“Winter is nearly gone. Time flows on to a spring of little hope.”
― J. R. R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings Trilogy

“We learned that we should not count the birthdays after the age of 20. After that, time is not the highest priority for learning.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Here we do not believe in wasting time simply for the purpose of impressing others.”
― Robin Hobb, Ship of Destiny

“Inside me, the taste
Of things unspoken dries my mouth.
Time goes on without force, without haste,
Slow as lean cattle in some long drouth.”
― Otis Kidwell Burger

“The pleasure is unique and the one that reaches its effect will remembers it later. Joy is proper to being. It does not cease its durability and has no time to end.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Say my daughter and her boyfriend meet again. If they have a child, will it be Lucas? The odds are astronomically against it. If it doesn’t happen, Lucas will die without ever being born.”
― A.O. Monk, I Am Not Thirteen

“Patience is a virtue for who knows its time.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Ignorance is a waste of time. Love, and money to live.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Like a twentieth-century dream of Europe—all
horrors, and pastries—some part of me, for all time
stands in a short skirt in a hospital cafeteria line, with a tray, while

in another glittering tower named
for the world's richest man
my mother, who is dying, never dies.”
― Laura Kasischke, Space, in Chains

“Time was a face on the water, & like the great river before them, it did nothing but flow.' - The Wind Through The Keyhole.”
― Stephen King, The Wind Through the Keyhole

“Time is not like a chewing gum that you can chew and throw away. Time is dedicated to being; being vigilant; the one who rules the nations; the one who is triumphant.”
― Alan Maiccon

“The tuning of a good singer can be compared to the timing of a classic ballet presentation.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Our time on earth is a temporary residence.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Happiness requires us to be better than we are, that’s why it lasts for such a short time.”
― Alan Maiccon

“There some people who says that games can’t always be played. And those who challenge their own limits, who has the time to play freely.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Inside your eyes; inside your chest. There is the light that seems to drop sometimes. You will understand when the unusual can appear [...] The time out there is knocking everything down. But inside you control the time, and, you have the tools to raise it all over again”
― Alan Maiccon

“Your start time is based on the things that hold you back”
― Alan Maiccon

“There is time to receive, but not time for a decision. To get time for the persistent, but to make the decision, it makes the undecided ones go by.”
― Alan Maiccon

“There is so much to do at the moment when we stop and ask for time, at the same time we connect the energy that exists within us and we go forward. Time is not for when you dream, change is an incredible opportunity that you really should enjoy.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Lonely time is the time for a genie to be born into the world. It is where truths come to the surface and change becomes their biography.”
― Alan Maiccon

“The longer it takes to take a step, the less time you'll have to enjoy whatever you conquer.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Quality time is a very well procrastinated time.”
― Alan Maiccon

“People who use time at an adrenaline rush usually get pissed off by people who use their quality time. But I am sitting in my executive chair in a quality shack and say good morning when I see them. The 50 years old man said to the 40 years old, yet older, man.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Today, yesterday and tomorrow I will live my quality time, said the orgasm.”
― Alan Maiccon

“You're inches away from death every time you go on a mission. How much older can you be at your age? A half minute before that you were stepping into high school, and an unhooked brassiere was as close as you ever hoped to get to Paradise. Only a fifth of a second before that you were a small kid with a ten-week summer vacation that lasted a hundred thousand years and still ended too soon. Zip! They go rocketing by so fast. How the hell else are you ever going to slow down?”
― Joseph Heller, Catch-22

“They are pleased to deceive themselves, as if they deceived Fate at the same time.”
― Seneca, On the Shortness of Life

“Inside your eyes; inside your chest. There is the light that seems to drop sometimes. You will understand when the unusual can appear [...] The time out there is knocking everything down. But inside you control the time, and, you have the tools to raise it all over again.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Your start time is based on the things that hold you back.”
― Alan Maiccon

“Children force parents to go out looking for a specific pulse, a gaze, a rhythm, the right way of telling the story, knowing that stories don't fix anything or save anyone but maybe make the world both more complex and more tolerable. And sometimes, just sometimes, more beautiful. Stories are a way of subtracting the future from the past, the only way of finding clarity in hindsight.”
― Valeria Luiselli, Lost Children Archive

“He remarked as much to Charlotte on his return, and she was inclined to agree with him. 'As life draws us along,' she replied, 'we think we are acting of our own volition, ourselves choosing what we shall do and what we shall enjoy; but when we look more closely we see they are only the intentions and inclinations of the age which we are being compelled to comply with.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Elective Affinities

“What the point of crying over the things you don't have. Be patience and make the best of what you have. In TIME, great things will come.”
― Wazim Shaw

“All we know is that things happen. More accurately, God is the urging-forward force within all things, and all things (if “things” can be spoken of at all) are alive. The ontological matrix is a way in which His urging or thinking is manifested; so in that respect I think it’s not time which moves forward, carrying us with it like a great tide, but that we are driven forward all of us together, animate and inanimate.”
― Philip K. Dick, The Exegesis of Philip K. Dick

“We are all guilty, time is the executioner.”
― Andrzej Majewski, Aphorisms - quotations about: life, art, woman&man, politics and money: 64 fields

“It seems unforgiving when a good thing ends
But you and I will always be back then”
― Rebecca Sugar

“when the time comes, you'll fall in love sweeties, don't rush.”
― Renesmee Stormer

“He had never seen anyone live so magically and yet leave no trace of it until he met her.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“Relationships develop best in the absence of a previously stated goal and a strict timetable, but relationship management means setting goals and creating a plan.”
― Monica Bakker

“As the poetic vision is timeless so the poetic product tends to be so.”
― Frederick Clarke Prescott, The Poetic Mind

“The poet after all belongs himself to an age and country. Shakespeare must attempt to present the universal in terms of Elizabethan England.”
― Frederick Clarke Prescott, The Poetic Mind

“Gret works of literature are always developed and enriched from age to age with the growth of thought.”
― Frederick Clarke Prescott, The Poetic Mind

“The Lord said: "Time [death] I am, the destroyer of the worlds, who has come to annihilate everyone. Even without your taking part all those arrayed in the [two] opposing ranks will be slain!”
― Krishna-Dwaipayana Vyasa

“Our conception of time is based intirely upon our ordinary conscious thought.”
― Frederick Clarke Prescott, The Poetic Mind

“Time has no present or future, it is always the past.”
― Joey Lawsin, Creation by Law

“The dreamer, while he is dreaming certainly, does not question his dream. It is the same with the matter of time.”
― Frederick Clarke Prescott, The Poetic Mind

“To do NOTHING is sometimes the best course of action.”
― Asma Naqi

“Le monde s'agite, [...] il réclame la justice et non la pitié,son dû et non vos aumônes; [...] il pense mal parce qu'il ne pense plus vôtre, et pourtant il pense, il vit, infiniment plus vaste que ce coin de terre isolé par des haies, il vit, et nous n'en savons rien, [...] il vit, et nous allons mourir.”
― Hervé Bazin, Vipère au poing

“The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions expand it, those that we inspire contract it; and habit fills up what remains.”
― Marcel Proust, Within a Budding Grove, Part 2

“The simple fact of being a human being is you migrate. Many of us move from one place to the other. But even those who don't move and you stay in the same city, if you were born in Manhattan 70 years ago, you're born in Des Moines 70 years ago, you've lived in the same place for 70 years, the city you live in today is unrecognizable. Almost everything has changed. So even people who stay in the same place undergo a kind of migration through time. And in the novel, what I'm trying to explore is how everyone is a migrant.”
― Mohsin Hamid

“Time: the critic for whom nothing is ever good enough.”
― Marty Rubin

“Write as if Time will erase every word.”
― Marty Rubin

“Things changing is what defines time: atoms vibrate; clocks tick; the earth circles the Sun; the universe expands.”
― K.C. Cole, The Hole in the Universe

“Muscles relax, the mind expands. The vastness enters into the skin like a shot. ‘Our’ time dissolves.”
― Arianna Dagnino, The Afrikaner

“... er tida en sekk du kan stappe inn i hvor mye som helst, går den aldri bare herfra til dit, men i stedet i sirkel etter sirkel, og så kommer du tilbake hver eneste gang til stedet hvor du begynte.
Men det var ikke sånn heller. Før var jeg ung, nå var jeg ikke ung. Jeg ble aldri ung igjen.”
― Per Petterson, I Refuse

“Energy is variation per unit of time at a particular scale.
Dimensions and scale are not static. Dimensions could be virtual like the idea of virtual particles but are a form of wave propagation.”
― R.A. Delmonico

“Time has a really incredible way of dulling feelings that you think will be sharp for your entire life. One day you wake up, and sometimes it takes something like this for that to happen, but you realize that the point isn't so pointy. And the edge isn't so jagged. And you find in your heart a way to accept people for who they are, because it's not always entirely their fault.”
― Susie Orman Schnall, The Subway Girls

“Something changed in the world. Not too long ago, it changed, and we know it. We don't know how to explain it yet, but I think we all can feel it, somewhere deep in our gut or in our brain circuits. We feel time differently. No one has quite been able to capture what is happening or say why. Perhaps it's just that we sense an absence of future, because the present has become too overwhelming, so the future has become unimaginable. And without future, time feels like only an accumulation.”
― Valeria Luiselli, Lost Children Archive

“The mountains stand as if they have been there since the beginning of time.”
― Foster Kinn, Freedom's Rush: Tales from The Biker and The Beast

“শিকড়ের সন্ধান আমাদের এক ঝুরঝুরে অন্ধকারের দিকে নামিয়ে এনেছে”
― Rik Amrit, College Streeter Chaplin

“Taking time to relax every day, spending quality time with friends, and practicing mindfulness are some of the tried and tested ways of developing self-compassion.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Just as it takes time for the mud in muddy water to settle, meditation only yields fruit if it is practiced regularly for a long time.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Anything that makes you feel alive is worth devoting time to.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“We should always be ready to explore our positive and negative traits by evaluating our real self from time to time.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Take all the time you need to analyze your priorities, and accordingly, decide what is good for you.”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“It is the nature of trauma that, when left untreated, it deepens over time.”
― Dani Shapiro, Inheritance: A Memoir of Genealogy, Paternity, and Love

“All human power is a compound of time and patience. Powerful beings will and wait.”
― Balzac Honore De, Eugenie Grandet

“Suddenly it occurred to me that maybe the point of writing wasn't just to record something past but also to prolong the present, like in One Thousand and One Nights, to stretch out the time until the next thing happened.”
― Elif Batuman, The Idiot

“Time is one of the greatest gifts to humankind.
We often;
• Heal with Time,
• Forget with Time,
• Adapt with Time,
• Learn with Time,
• And even Improve with Time.

So please… Take your Time!”
― Izey Victoria Odiase

“The Gift

Be still, my soul, and steadfast.
Earth and heaven both are still watching
though time is draining from the clock
and your walk, that was confident and quick,
has become slow.

So, be slow if you must, but let
the heart still play its true part.
love still as once you loved, deeply
and without patience. Let God and the world
know you are grateful.
That the gift has been given.”
― Mary Oliver, Felicity

“Voksne venter på i morgen, bevæger sig i en nutid bag hvilken der er i går eller i forgårs eller højst sidste uge: Resten vil de ikke tænke på. Børn kender ikke betydningen af i går, af i forgårs eller sågar af i morgen, alt er lige nu; gaden er den, døråbningen er den, trapperne er dem, det er mor, det er far, det er dagen, det er natten.”
― Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend

“Yes, it is possible that we do not grow up, that even as we grow old, we remain the children we always were. We remember ourselves as we were then, and we feel ourselves to be the same. We made ourselves into what we are now then, and we remain what we were, in spite of the years. We do not change for ourselves. Time makes us grow old, but we do not change.”
― Paul Auster, The Invention of Solitude

“nostalgia will kill the good girl.
the truth is you should not waste your time on being good.”
― Lisa Marie Basile, APOCRYPHAL

“Time is fractal. The density if time is a nested hierarchy of possibility.”
― R.A. Delmonico

“Miranda waited, then said, 'But what will I do for a whole year?'

Neither of them answered her. She supposed the answer was, Get better. The thought of a slow and measured crawl back to health filled her with black sand.”
― Helen Oyeyemi, White is for Witching

“Man is a tempted being, living with what he does and suffers in time, the medium in which he realizes his potential character. The indeterminacy of time means that events never happen once and for all. The good may fall, the bad may repent, and suffering can be, not a simple retribution, but a triumph.”
― W. H. Auden

“Till the time the chains of organized religion remain intact, the slavery of mind & soul will reign supreme.”
― Mamur Mustapha

“Accept it,” Rakturan said. “I am different than the man you first met.”

“So quickly?”

“What is time? A thousand years can pass in a single day.”
― Sarah K.L. Wilson, First Message

“Do you spend more time looking at your watch than living in the moment?”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“It’s not ‘time’ for God, for there was never a time that was not a time for Him. What it’s ‘time’ for is our realization that we’ve needed Him all the time and we just never took the time to realize that.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“There are 86400 seconds in a day and how you use these
are critical. What you do today is to show who you are.
Nobody's gonna talk about what you did last week.
You have given this opportunity to be alive
in your life time. It means absolutely nothing
if you don't take advantage of it.”
― Maria Johnsen

“This impression is a glimpse not of timelessness but timefulness, an acute consciousness of how the world is made by - indeed, made of - time.”
― Marcia Bjornerud, Timefulness: How Thinking Like a Geologist Can Help Save the World

“Antipathy toward time clouds personal and collective thinking.”
― Marcia Bjornerud, Timefulness: How Thinking Like a Geologist Can Help Save the World

“Time is the one thing we can all agree to call supernatural.”
― Haldor Laxness, Nobel Prize Reader

“I saw the priest take note of the time. What time was it? Then I felt his finger on my forehead. And I realized, whatever time it was, that it was the last moment of my life as an Episcopalian.”
― Lorena Cassady, Her Perilous Journey

“Time, a magic wand I need
To live again that moment when
I was a child and I was sure
That happiness is just a game,
That when tomorrow I will wake
Just a few things I will need
Sun, some laughs and enough time
To play, to stay forever young.
No time to worry, no time to crave
I must now enjoy the game.”
― Porumb Ana Diana

“1. Your personal identity over time is dependent on mental connectedness of your being at an earlier time and your being at a later time. If there is no right way for this connectivity, this will mean that your inner world as a whole system has already changed over a period of time and for that reason you are not yet the same person. Make it sure whether you have still the same personality or not before claiming that you are one and the same person.”
― Elmar Hussein

“When you find yourself lonely when you’re with them, it is time to leave.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Just give it time.'' ''Time is the only thing I don't have.”
― Laura Lesniak

“Your addiction is not you, but it feels like you because you’ve spent so much intimate time together.”
― Toni Sorenson

“Some details are lost to time, and in fact it’s for the best. To ever feel that you understand anything only means that your mind has turned rigid.”
― María Gainza, El nervio óptico

“I dreamed of going to the most remote places on this earth to dig for old bones, older than people. Before humans and their stupid ideas. Before hate. Maybe even before love, too. Dinosaurs just existed. No lectures, no books, no language. No world-conquering Europeans and no defeated everybody else. Just those powerful, unrestrained creatures roaming the planet.”
― Ibi Zoboi, Black Enough: Stories of Being Young & Black in America

“Please remind them that none of us have all the time we think we have in this troubled but still beautiful world.”
― Edwidge Danticat, The Art of Death: Writing the Final Story

“Time is the study of God.”
― Khalid Masood

“Words like wistfully and sublime are penned into prose and rhyme. As night gives way to dawn, life gives way to time”
― Jessica de la Davies, Inspire & Nurture SELF CARE

“Time never dies. It just changes dimensions.”
― Khalid Masood

“If your mind is working, you always have no time.”
― VicDo

“No greater thing is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig; if you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.”
― Epictetus

“Time makes you; therefore be careful with what you do with your time.”
― ANIKOR Daniel

“As the fresh air brought warm blood to my cheeks, I realised that I had lived through a kind of death. I was alive. I would continue to live. But time and my mother were gone, and my life would now be defined, not by their absence, but by their absolute and irrevocable loss.”
― Antonia Honeywell, The Ship

“Rewriting Time in the Orange Sky

I wrote you from emptiness. I wrote you from nothing. When it is there, it does not only loneliness, dreams of silence. Desire to perpetuate your face in my memory.

I want to read you once more, like reading myself once again. Rewriting time, going home to longing. When you was still asleep in the folds of memories, inside the frame of memory, a silent pain was as tight as a moon's face.

You're crying in time of pain. However, you might smile in me. And the orange sky, like to spell your name. Read poetry in the glint of my eyes.

But where are you now? So the silent voice called out. Calculate distance. Counting the number of impressions. When there is no longer a flap of wings that will change the beat of time, becomes so quiet. The face of the person who wants to turn and melt in silence. With you. The only you, which I have never forgotten.”
― Titon Rahmawan

“Time heals, they say.
But it’s not true.
Time does not heal.
There is only
the flow of thoughts.”
― Mario Maruffi

“Maybe Time is as fundamental, or even more fundamental than [material] reality.”
― Khalid Masood

“Yes, you have been away a very long time. "
"Oh, centuries and centuries; so long," she said, "that I’m sure I’m dead and buried, and this dear old place is heaven;”
― Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence

“Wednesday makes my world beautiful.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Time and space are just illusions. As such, they can be overcome by a focused intention exercised by the power of the mind.”
― Jozef Simkovic, How to Kiss the Universe: An Inspirational Spiritual and Metaphysical Narrative about Human Origin, Essence and Destiny

“Back before there was time, I lived with my father on an island, tucked away in an endless archipelago that reached up out of the cold salt water, hungry for air.”
― Erica Bauermeister, The Scent Keeper

“Love is measured in time. The time we are willing to spend with people we love, or doing the things we love. That's why we get so frustrated when our time is not well invested, or even feel hurt when the people we love are not willing to spend the same amount of time with us...”
― Rodolfo Peon

“Send not to know
For whom the bell tolls;
It tolls for thee.”
― John Donne, Devotions Upon Emergent Occasions

“Time is one-way ticket.”
― Khalid Masood

“Remember the only evidence of time is life and growth.”
― Khalid Masood

“I am one of those who came in search of light but fell in love with darkness.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“Time is the ultimate reality.”
― Khalid Masood

“FOR VERY MINUTE YOU SPEND WORRYING ABOUT THINGS IN LIFE,
YOU LOSE A PRECIOUS MINUTE OF YOUR LIFE.”
― Mouloud Benzadi

“Create a space in life and business for the person you want to become, not the person you were.⁣”
― Richie Norton

“I refuse to achieve 'success' at the expense of my life.”
― Richie Norton

“Where do you want to be ten years from now? It’s is a good question, but it’s so far off it doesn’t help as much as shortening the time period. Where do you want to be two years from now? That’s a better question because it’s long enough to dream and short enough to make it happen. Figure that out and then ask: HOW CAN I DO THAT IN SIX MONTHS?”
― Richie Norton

“Once you understand the value of time constraints, you life will suddenly be free. With freedom you’ll be better enabled to provide joy to those you serve with intentional attention.”
― Richie Norton

“What will you do with all your newly found available time?”
― Richie Norton

“I did hundreds of interviews with people in retirement or approaching retirement. Here was their theme: 'I was waiting for a time when I’d have more time, education, experience or money to do what I wanted to do…only to find out when I got there that I still needed more time, more education, more experience and more money.”
― Richie Norton

“But time moves in only one direction. Not everything that breaks can be repaired.”
― Karen Thompson Walker, The Dreamers

“And you and I know that we were lovers since the beginning of time!”
― Avijeet Das

“Lions don't worry about what lambs think.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Invest your time and money in connecting yourself and others.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Avoid arguing with cynics and pessimists as they will only drain your energy and time.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Minutes, foolish mortal, are the base mineral
that you must not let go of without extracting their gold!”
― Charles Baudelaire, Les Fleurs du Mal

“Time is the most powerful healer, that heals almost every wound. Just trust the process, take your time and let the healing begin.”
― Asma Naqi

“One touch can say more than all the world’s words, that’s true, but the touch fades with the years and then we need words again, they’re our weapons against time, death, forgetfulness, unhappiness.”
― Jón Kalman Stefánsson, Hjarta mannsins

“Do you invest your time or spend it?”
― Frank Sonnenberg, Soul Food: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life

“It requires neither time nor money to be kind.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, Encouragement: How to Be and Find the Best

“Since the beginning, there has been no wiser sage than Father Time.”
― Jason Versey

“Because Time is not something to be measured with the eyes, but by the Heart, it's never too late to go and change.”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job

“There was never a better time to change than now.
If we will not change now then we may not be able to change all.”
― Paul Bamikole

“The secret is to enjoy life now and don’t wish away days waiting for better ones in the future.”
― Francis Shenstone, The Explorer's Mindset: Unlock Health Happiness and Success the Fun Way

“Time well spent is like a whetstone, it sharpens our minds and refines our imperfections.”
― Carmine Savastano

“It costs no money to be kind.
It takes no extra time to be kind.”
― Cathy Burnham Martin, Encouragement: How to Be and Find the Best

“I don't want to rot.
Rotting takes time.
I don't want time.”
― Lizard Yehuda

“The god of art neither has religion nor gender or color or any shape. All he does is sit inside me and smile every time I look inside myself and ask him a question. A smile that resembles a silver lining on the darkest cloud. A smile that cuts me off from my reality and throws me into infinity and beyond. At that moment, all I can feel is floating in a place that doesn't have gravity and looking at the memories of the people who have asked him the same questions before.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“Hold onto your miracle,
It's just a spark right now,
Guard it from the wind that blows,
Ignore the tongues that wag and the clock that drags so slow,
Day you day the spark to a flame will grow,
On a day unexpected, the miracle in life will show”
― Ann D'Silva, Sand & Sea : Footprints in the Sand

“Did time really flow in such a steady and linear way? Couldn't this be a mistaken way of thinking, an error of major proportions?”
― Haruki Murakami, Killing Commendatore

“Tomorrow never comes, so do it today.”
― Monroe Mann

“We keep waiting for the right time to do what we want to do, but time is a complicated thing, it's never right.”
― Naman Bansal

“They say "Life is short" but that is NOT true.
Life is endless and so is Time.
Both are in God's hands, immeasurable, and wait for no man.

It is actually “Living and Timing”, both measured by a Clock and a Calendar, that are short and will pass away. A man may live for 200 years, but that is still "short" compared to the endless Life and Time.

Like the path of a snake on the rock, so is Living without having Life and Timing without understanding Times & Seasons.

In Living and Timing, always remember that we will not always be here, so let’s make the BEST USE of WHAT we have WHEN we still have it.”
― Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within

“Cursed be the immortal that believed time was more precious than love.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Companionship of the Dragon's Soul

“What immortal ever knew what it was like to number his days?
Yet I can feel the hours passing when she is near”
― Katherine Arden

“Time is an illusion that passes way too fast!”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual

“The moon rose, and the moon set;
And the stars rushed up and whirled and set;
And again they swarmed, after a shaft of sunlight;
And the dark blue dusk closed above him, like an ocean of regret.”
― Conrad Aiken, The Charnel Rose Senlin a Biography and Other Poems - Scholar's Choice Edition

“the present is the merest flicker between the long long time past and the things that haven't yet happened but most assuredly will.”
― Estela Portillo Trambley

“There is no way of wasting time. Because what is time for, except to be wasted?”
― Alan W. Watts, Out of Your Mind

“Oh great another weak minded spending time here…”
― Deyth Banger

“And when you died
I took you down to the river.
And when I died
you waited for me by the shore.
So it was that time passed between us.”
― Shaun Tan, Tales from the Inner City

“I have no regrets in my life, but this. That we did not have time.”
― Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Frost and Starlight

“Some people would not waste any part of today if they knew that by this time tomorrow they will be dead.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“If something has to be done, one might as well do it when one has a lot of free time.”
― Mohammed Hanif, Our Lady of Alice Bhatti

“Time is like a bucking bull. Staying on top of it requires maintaining focus while riding out the ups and downs of life and work.”
― Daphne Michaels, Mountaintop Prosperity: Move Quickly to New Heights in Life, Work and Money

“All things, when measured in spans of years, seem simple. But human lives do not occur in years but slowly, day by day. A year may be easy, but its days are hard indeed.”
― Naomi Alderman, Disobedience

“The voice of Time, ' said the Phantom, 'cries to man, Advance! Time is for his advancement and improvement; for his greater worth, his greater happiness, his better life; his progress onward to that goal within its knowledge and its view, and set there, in the period when Time and He began. Ages of darkness, wickedness, and violence, have come and gone--millions uncountable, have suffered, lived, and died-- to point the way before him. Who seeks to turn him back, or stay him on his course, arrests a mighty engine which will strike the meddler dead; and be the fiercer and the wilder, ever, for its momentary check!”
― Charles Dickens, The Chimes

“I wasted time and memories on waves.”
― Ben Ditmars, Triptychs

“With sleepy eyes,
And a sleepy lens,
It's time to breakfast,
As the night time ends.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“As the days piled up, I wore out, too, and was remade. Nothing stayed still. And time was lost. Behind me, time became dead grains of sand, which one after another gave way and vanished. I just sat there in front of the hole, listening to the sound of time dying.”
― Haruki Murakami

“May I take a moment”
― Archbishop Rowan Williams

“I learned to teach grammar. And then I realized that we can't separate these two things. We have to do them together because they're integral. That's when I learned how important grammar is, that part of the understanding process is grammatical. That's how I taught myself to write prose. I keep learning and learning. I'd come into my class and say, "Guess what I found out last night. Tenses are a way of ordering the chaos around time." I learned that grammar was not arbitrary, that it served a purpose, that it helped to form the way we through, that it could be freeing as well as restrictive.”
― Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches

“Time seems to be moving at a very slow pace today... It would have helped so much if there were more jobs to handle... The sun is about to set... I don't want to have the time to even think... I want things to go by so fast... So that it all just slips out of my mind...”
― Yuuki Obata

“Bet juk laikas eina. Eina einant, eina stovint, eina žiūrint, eina užsimerkus.”
― Romualdas Granauskas, Rūkas virš slėnių

“- Prisimink dar kai ką: žiūrėti į praeitį ir matyti, kokie buvome vakar, prieš dešimt metų, visada lengva. Kur kas sunkiau suvokti, kokie mes dabar. Jei įvaldysi šį gebėjimą, tau seksis kuo puikiausiai.”
― Harper Lee, Go Set a Watchman

“Time is a great healer and a great killer. Anyone wasting time suffers a lot.”
― Wahid Bhat

“What if I stopped fighting for the trance of long-form days, where I would be uninterrupted and ambitiously absorbed in a big project? What if I gave myself over to time's dispersion? Could I value the fractured moments as something more than 'sub-time' or lost time or broken time? Could I find a graceful way to work and be in the world that might still pull me up and forward?”
― Kyo Maclear, Birds Art Life: A Year of Observation

“Relativity, in our case, means that success is relative to the time frame you choose to measure it with. An hour? A month? A year? A decade? A lifetime?”
― Cate East, Success Astrology: Your Celestial Map of Success

“The less time you have, the more you have to take”
― Jens Wolff

“The world was not ready for their wisdom. Yet they achieved great things in the invisible universe and their impact would be understood later, in the fullness of time.”
― Maude Julien, The Only Girl in the World

“Time well spent adds to life well lived.”
― Martin Ugwu

“Accepting people's quirks or flaws doesn't just take changing them off your to-do list—it also gives you the time and energy to change the things you can.”
― Richard Carlson, Don't Get Scrooged: How to Thrive in a World Full of Obnoxious, Incompetent, Arrogant, and Downright Mean-Spirited People

“Time is the greatest gift that God has given us. It's free.”
― Khalid Masood

“An instant realization sees endless time.
Endless time is as one moment.
When one comprehends the endless moment
They realize the person who is seeing it.”
― Paul Reps and Nyogen Senzaki

“We're as old as we've ever been, as young as we'll ever be; the time is now.”
― Sitawa. O

“Time itself is the best (and the only) timekeeper.”
― Khalid Masood

“All motion is time in action.”
― Khalid Masood

“We all need quiet time to create the life that we want to live. That quiet time nurtures our creativity and helps us deal with the chaos that surrounds us.”
― Cristina Smith, The Word Search Sage- Yoga for the Brain

“There’s no time besides now, do not waste time in thinking about time-travel,”
― Sandeep Sahajpal, The Twelfth Preamble: To all the authors to be!

“And ever since that," the Hatter went on in a mournful tone, "He wo'n't do a thing I ask! It's always six o'clock now.”
― Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass

“I am my mother’s caresses, and the serene kindness with which my father calmly guided me; I am my adolescent travels; I am what my reading has deposited in layers in my mind; I am my loves, my moments of despair, my friendships, what I’ve written, what I’ve heard; the faces engraved on my memory. I am, above all, the one who a minute ago made a cup of tea for himself. The one who a moment ago typed the word “memory” into his computer. The one who just composed the sentence that I am now completing. If all this disappeared, would I still exist? I am this long, ongoing novel. My life consists of it.”
― Carlo Rovelli, L'ordine del tempo

“Every culture is first and foremost a particular experience of time, and no new culture is possible without an alteration in this experience. The original task of a genuine revolution, therefore, is never merely to 'change the world', but also - and above all - to 'change time'.”
― Giorgio Agamben, Infancy and History: On the Destruction of Experience

“I am nowhere near understanding Time. It seems to be a direction in which sentience can only move one way and perceive the other, but it also destroys, and twists, and swallows, making legacies differ from, or even oppose, intent. It annihilates, repeats, erases. It is too alien to me.”
― Ada Palmer, Seven Surrenders

“Times of mourning displace us from ordinary life.”
― Elaine Pagels, Why Religion?: A Personal Story

“Time moved in two directions because every step into the future carried a memory of the past”
― Paul Auster, 4 3 2 1

“Some stories are written by time, and not with a pen.”
― Nitya Prakash

“... and while all people were bound together by the common space they shared, their journeys through time were all different, which meant that each person lived in a slightly different world from everyone else.”
― Paul Auster, 4 3 2 1

“I don’t prove what i had made promises with you, Time has
taken the responsibilities for this.”
― aanis ramzan

“Time, you see, can be measured in means other than the ticking of the clock.”
― Hazel Gaynor & Heather Webb, Last Christmas in Paris: A Novel of World War I

“The thing about today is...
It's Monday!
No other day could get the week off to such a great start.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“If these past few weeks have taught me anything, it’s that sooner or later we all run out of time… Safe choices are fine, but if my clock hits zero tomorrow, I don’t want any regrets. I don’t know how long I’ll be in Italy, or what the world will look like when I come back; all I know is that we’re here now, and there’s no reason why we shouldn’t have what we want.”
― Caleb Roehrig, Death Prefers Blondes

“And my death comes when every soul has loved each other at least once,' sang the universe.”
― Karl Kristian Flores, Cardiac Ablation

“I think I owe you the time you wasted in ignoring me.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Find me, as time is a luxury
For I wait, under this naïve moon”
― Zubair Ahsan, Of Endeavours Blue

“You do it one last time and keep doing it forever. That.”
― Nitya Prakash

“I wish time had better things to do than making me wait.”
― Nitya Prakash

“Good relationships don't just happen. They take time, patience and two people getting through all the hard times together.”
― Nitya Prakash

“When everything else is right, the timing will be wrong. Such is life!”
― Nitya Prakash

“Every day time moves forward one day’s worth.
And what has gone forward can’t go back to where it came from.”
― Haruki Murakami, 1Q84

“There is no logical necessity for the existence of a unique direction of total time; whether there is only one time direction, or whether time directions alternate, depends on the shape of the entropy curve plotted by the universe.”
― Hans Reichenbach, The Direction of Time

“What occupied his full mind was time itself; time passing: he was concentrating”
― Eudora Welty, The Optimist's Daughter

“Time goes through all times.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time existed before creation.”
― Khalid Masood

“Time now seemed to have receded, to be an enormous empty room which she must furnish, like any other aimless woman, with celluloid shadows of other people's happiness, with music that worked one up for nothing.”
― Mollie Panter-Downes, Good Evening, Mrs Craven: The Wartime Stories of Mollie Panter-Downes

“I take another look at the stone, run my fingertip over the meticulous brushstrokes, and realize that nothing ever returns to time unless it is stored in mute, voiceless objects; rocks do tell tales after all.”
― Stefan Hertmans, War and Turpentine

“A young ticket should never be envied, they queue for the bus the same as us”
― Michael Lieber, The War Hero

“It is time to become more deliberate & careful in your thoughts, words, actions, reactions & relations. It is time to choose your own experience in life & to consciously create the outcomes that you want instead of just letting the life happen to you. Let you learn to be best of your trueself, focus on only speaking good to yourself & do more of what you love in life to have more feelings of great pleasure, happiness & less anxiety. Let you soon achieve the state of being completely free from illness, hassles or agitations & enjoy more joy-filled moments now than ever. Let God keep your path illuminated with exceptional favours. Stay Blessed!”
― Rajesh Goyal

“Time is money. They that value money more than time eventually lose both.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“You can tell me I’m dead until the words lose their meaning, but it won’t change that I’m not, and I don’t want to waste the time I have.”
― Shaun David Hutchinson, The Past and Other Things That Should Stay Buried

“If time can't heal them, nothing can.”
― Beth Revis

“Time went by so fast these days. There was some sort of malfunctioning going on with how fast Earth was spinning. Decades went by as quick as years once did.”
― Liane Moriarty, Nine Perfect Strangers

“I'd moved enough times now to know that time was a fleeting, exhaustible thing. I didn't want to waste it.”
― Tahereh Mafi, A Very Large Expanse of Sea

“Time is a strange and powerful beast. It has a habit of making the impossible possible.”
― Kate Morton, The Clockmaker's Daughter

“It’s 100% easier to increase your time and freedom by eliminating the dumb things you do every day than to try to be 100% more productive doing more dumb things.”
― Richie Norton

“The true fundamental building blocks of the universe are not particles, but moments in time.”
― Khalid Masood

“I cannot find anywhere in my life a time, or a kind of time, that is unoccupied. I am free, but my time is not. My time is fully and vitally occupied.... None of this is spare time. I can't spare it. ... I have no time to spare.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters

“Time has a way of eternally looping us in the same configurations. Like fruit flies, we are unable to register the patterns. Just because we are the crest of the wave does not mean the ocean does not exist. What has been before will be again.”
― Tanya Tagaq, Split Tooth

“Has my life been cheated by the shortness of the time afforded me, or is it possible that the greater part of my life has been saved for a time where there is no time?”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Time heals all wounds... but waiting's a bitch.”
― Monroe Mann, Romantic Suicide: The 45 Unbreakable Rules of Dating -- By a Guy Who Learned Them All... by Breaking Each One.

“Time makes the carbon a diamond.”
― Khalid Masood

“The phone was laid on a desk thousands of miles away. Once more, with that clear familiarity, the footsteps, the pause, and, at last, the raising of the window.

"Listen," whispered the old man to himself.

And he heard a thousand people in another sunlight, and the faint, tinkling music of an organ grinder playing "La Marimba"— oh, a lovely, dancing tune.

With eyes tight, the old man put up his hand as if to click pictures of an old cathedral, and his body was heavier with flesh, younger, and he felt the hot pavement underfoot.

He wanted to say, "You're still there, aren't you? All of: you people in that city in the time of the early siesta, the shops closing, the little boys crying loteria nacional para hoy! to sell lottery tickets. You are all there, the
people in the city. I can't believe I was ever among you. When you are away I: from a city it becomes a fantasy. Any town, New York, Chicago, with its people, becomes improbable with distance. Just as I am improbable here, in Illinois, in a small town by a ' quiet lake. All of us improbable to one another because we are not present to one another. And it is so good to hear the sounds, and know that Mexico City is still there and the people moving and living . . .”
― Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine

“The formula for this brand of "historical" writing is to put the public on the inside; to let them feel the palpitations of royal and imperial lovers and to overhear their lispings and cooings. It can be argued that a man has to live somewhere, and that if his own time is so cut up by rapid change that he can't find a cranny big enough to relax in, then he must betake himself to the past. That is certainly one motive in the production of historical romance, from Sir Walter Scott to Thornton Wilder. But mainly this formula works as a means of flattery. The public is not only invited inside but encouraged to believe that there is nothing inside that differs from its own thoughts and feelings. This reassurance is provided by endowing historical figures with the sloppiest possible minds. The great are "humanized" by being trivial.
The debunking school began by making the great appear as corrupt, or mean and egotistical. The "humanizers" have merely carried on to make them idiotic. "Democratic" vanity has reached such proportions that it cannot accept as human anything above the level of cretinous confusion of mind of the type popularized by Hemingway's heroes. Just as the new star must be made to appear successful by reason of some freak of fortune, so the great, past or present, must be made to seem so because of the most ordinary qualities, to which fortune adds an unearned trick or idea.”
― Marshall McLuhan, The Mechanical Bride: Folklore of Industrial Man

“Go, labour on while it is day,
The world's dark night is hastening on.
Speed, speed thy work, cast sloth away--
It is not thus that souls are won.”
― Horatius Bonar, Hymns Of Faith And Hope

“I have wasted most of the time on social media in doing unnecessary but I don't regret because I know one day I will return to my originality. I am me. I am me
”
― Ankit Samrat

“Eternity is hidden in every moment.”
― Andrzej Sapkowski

“Life is a time journey.”
― Khalid Masood

“When the time is ripened,

Grace you shall receive!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“I am not smart, I just got the time.”
― Deyth Banger

“The rhythms that count - the rhythms of life, the rhythms of the spirit - are those that dance and course in life itself. The movement in gestation from conception to birth, the distole and systole of the hearts, the taking of each successive breath, the ebb and flow of tides in response to the pull of the moon and the sun, the wheeling of the seasons from one equinox or one solstice to another - these, not the eternally passing seconds registered on clocks and watches and not the days and months and years that the calendar imposes, define the time... we dwell within until our days ended”
― Allen Lacy, The Inviting Garden: Gardening for the Senses, Mind, and Spirit

“Most people master the art of wasting a life.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Time is everyone’s most valuable resource. You’re never going to have more of it than you do right now. Why are you wasting it?”
― Scott Perry, Endeavor: Thrive Through Work Aligned with Your Values, Talents, and Tribe

“I confess I do not believe in time. I like to fold my magic carpet, after use, in such a way as to superimpose one part of the pattern upon another. Let visitors trip.”
― Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory

“The faster you move, the slower time passes, the longer you live.”
― Peter H. Diamandis

“[T]he 'iced tea' was nonalcoholic and the faux 'cola' entirely devoid of cocaine or opiates.”
― Anthony Francis, Jeremiah Willstone and the Clockwork Time Machine

“There is no speedy advance except at its proper time.
- Alan Henderson Gardiner”
― Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, Volume I: The Old and Middle Kingdoms

“Every second is a step away from our mothers’ wombs towards our own tombs.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“In eternity, everything is happening for the first time.”
― Marty Rubin

“Unless we have good reason to think otherwise, it seems that our best guide to the future is a mirror image of the past. The nearest thing to clairvoyance is to assume that history repeats itself — backward.”
― Brian Christian, Algorithms to Live By: The Computer Science of Human Decisions

“Doing one thing at a time is a recipe for a life that won't keep up with your dreams.”
― Monroe Mann, Time Zen: aka Winners Do It Now - The shortest and most effective time management and success system ever created.

“I value my time so much that undressing is the only thing I am willing to do for sex.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“What is Fate but pearls of choices strung together? What is Destiny but a path we walk on our own free will? Remember, Dark Ones, that nothing is written in the fabric of time until you decide where, when and what shall be the first verse. -- Excerpt from the Lost Chapters of the Ecliptic Scrolls”
― Aja James, Dark Longing

“It is a matter for wonder: a moment, now here and then gone, nothing before it came, again nothing after it has gone, nonetheless returns as a ghost and disturbs the peace of a later moment. A leaf flutters from the scroll of time, floats away- and suddenly floats back again and falls into the man's lap. Then the man says 'I remember' and envies the animal, who at once forgets and for whom every moment really dies, sinks back into night and f og and is extinguished for ever. Thus the animal lives unhistorically: for it is contained in the present...”
― Nietzsche

“For we die every day; oblivion thrives
Not on dry thighbones but on blood-ripe lives,
And our best yesterdays are now foul piles
Of crumpled names, phone numbers and foxed files.”
― Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire

“I have learned how to make time pass, but I never stop thinking of you.”
― Abbas Kazerooni, On Two Feet and Wings

“Doing unnecessary things waste time.
Buying unnecessary things waste money.
Doing both cause Poverty.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Sauver quelque chose du temps où l'on ne sera plus jamais.”
― Annie Ernaux, Les années

“Lonely cries, and she was lonely, not for friends but for a time that hadn't been violated.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry

“In a way I imagine eternity must be a little like a photograph (a place without time) of the good and bad times we have lived through. And thus, for eternity, we will be living through them for ever, Hell and Heaven at once. Those months I lived beside Fradique will be my Heaven, the time I lived as a slave to Gabriela Santamarinha my Hell.”
― José Eduardo Agualusa, Nação Crioula

“Time is Life. Imam Hasan al-Banna said, 'Whoever knows the real value of time knows life itself, for time is life.”
― Mohammed Faris, The Productive Muslim: Where Faith Meets Productivity

“I had thought that if I kept myself busy, time would move faster, but no matter what I did, every second felt like an hour.”
― Abbas Kazerooni, On Two Feet and Wings

“The first true men had tools and weapons only a little better than those of their ancestors a million years earlier, but they could use them with far greater skill. And somewhere in the shadowy centuries that had gone before they had invented the most essential tool of all, though it could be neither seen nor touched. They had learned to speak, and so had won their first great victory over Time. Now the knowledge of one generation could be handed on to the next, so that each age could profit from those that had gone before.

Unlike the animals, who knew only the present, Man had acquired a past; and he was beginning to grope toward a future.

He was also learning to harness the force of nature; with the taming of fire, he had laid the foundations of technology and left his animal origins far behind. Stone gave way to bronze, and then to iron. Hunting was succeeded by agriculture. The tribe grew into the village, the village into the town. Speech became eternal, thanks to certain marks on stone and clay and papyrus. Presently he invented philosophy, and religion. And he peopled the sky, not altogether inaccurately, with gods.

As his body became more and more defenseless, so his means of offense became steadily more frightful. With stone and bronze and iron and steel he had run the gamut of everything that could pierce and slash, and quite early in time he had learned how to strike down his victims from a distance. The spear, the bow the gun and finally the guided missile had given him weapons of infinite range and all but infinite power.

Without those weapons, often though he had used them against himself, Man would never have conquered his world. Into them he had put his heart and soul, and for ages they had served him well.

But now, as long as they existed, he was living on borrowed time.”
― Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey

“...collective memory is unevenly distributed: some people have a rich and deep resource, for others it is minimal. A matter of education, and also of inclination. But however minimal, however threadbare, it is ballast of a kind. We all need that seven-eighths of the iceberg, the ballast of the past, a general past, the place from which we came.

That is why history should be taught in school, to all children, as much of it as possible. If you have no sense of the past, no access to the historical narrative, you are afloat, untethered; you cannot see yourself as a part of the narrative, you cannot place yourself within a context. You will not have an understanding of time, and a respect for memory and its subtle victory over the remorselessness of time.”
― Penelope Lively, Ammonites and Leaping Fish: A Life in Time

“Je ne suis nulle part dans le temps. Il est l'ange qui fait revivre le passé, rend éternel.”
― Annie Ernaux, Les années

“Time heals wounds, but when the wound is big, time is its oxygen!”
― Skender Nitaj

“A world without death would have no beauty, no yellow leaves in the autumn. It would be boring. There would be no change because change implies death. A world without death would be a frozen world. The fact is that we want to make the world better than God does.”
― Francis Lucille, The Perfume of Silence

“One sin leads to another
Brother kills brother
When time: all spare
The burden of war
Who wants to bear
Cowards what we are!”
― Munia Khan

“You don’t need more time, you need to act on creative, intent-based ideas.”
― Richie Norton

“Time spent with family shouldn't be the stuff of big dreams, and here was a man savoring the moment, when what we were about to share was so natural and such a basic component of who he was.”
― Nick Trout, Ever By My Side: A Memoir in Eight [Acts] Pets

“I kill myself every time I have to stop myself from writing more and focus into something else.”
― Suyasha Subedi

“... didn't paintings lie also? They showed hours instead of minutes.”
― Anne Tyler, The Accidental Tourist

“The Universe is a puzzle.
Life is a problem to be solved.
It's not what it appears to be.
There are doors.
There are locks and keys.
There are levels.
If you get it right, somehow, it will give way to something extremely unexpected.
-Terence McKenna”
― Ilze Mikelsone, One Voice Uni-verse

“Each day includes one tone of creation that corresponds to one of the 13 energetic forces and indicates the role and significance of our activity in the manifestation process.”
― Ilze Mikelsone, One Voice Uni-verse

“God has prepared a path for each of us to go through.
You just have to be able to read the signs he has left.”
― Ilze Mikelsone, One Voice Uni-verse

“The ultimate extreme level of a moment in time is the singularity of a black hole.”
― Khalid Masood

“December 2: Power of free will and wisdom. Understand, how can you use your creativity to empower yourself and make wiser choices?”
― Ilze Mikelsone, One Voice Uni-verse

“She was doing just what it looked like she was doing, lying about, half-awake and half-asleep, passing the time and waiting for something to change. Because it seemed very clear to her, in those first few days, that what she felt was so intolerable that it couldn't possibly last, and if she did nothing to distract herself from it, she'd use it up, and then she'd be able to get up, and move about, and care once again about her duties to her people, about her constitutional obligations to dancing and singing and feasting and praising the movements of the stars. She didn't consider at all--she didn't dare to consider--that the sources of grief inside her might be inexhaustible.”
― Chris Adrian, The Great Night

“We take life so serious at times, worrying about the little things, until we get to the end of our lives and wonder why we did.”
― Ron Baratono

“December 3rd: Power of adventure and exploring. Which beautiful adventures do you enjoy that help you to restore balance?”
― Ilze Mikelsone, One Voice Uni-verse

“Your work goals should leave the space and time you need to enjoy your personal pursuits”
― Leigh Shulman

“Leave time for your soul to breathe the breath of God today”
― John M Sheehan

“Time, as far as my father was concerned, was a gift you gave to other people.”
― Michelle Obama, Becoming

“There was no such thing as the right time, he explained. Time was an idea: it had no end and no beginning; it could not be seen or heard or smelled. It could be measured, sure enough, but no words had been found to explain precisely what is was. As to the "right" time, it was simply a matter of agreeing to agree.”
― Kate Morton, The Clockmaker's Daughter

“শোকের সঙ্গে সময়ের এক সূক্ষ্ম রেষারেষি আছে। তাদের মধ্যে এক চাপা লড়াই চলছে অবিরাম। এই দ্বৈরথের প্রথম দফায় শোকই জেতে, চকিত আঘাত হেনে সময়কে সে নিশ্চল করে দেয়। তারপর ধীরে ধীরে সময় বলবান হয়ে ওঠে, তার অদৃশ্য শরজালে হঠে যেতে থাকে শোক। ক্রমশ নির্জীব হয়ে পড়ে সে। তবে তাকে পুরোপুরি নিশ্চিহ্ন করার শক্তি বুঝি সময়েরও নেই। এক শীতল বিষন্নতা হয়ে সে টিকে থাকে বহুকাল। অনেকটা যেন মেরুপ্রভার মতো। ক্ষীণ দীপ্তি, অথচ কী তার অপার বিস্তার।”
― Suchitra Bhattacharya, কাছের মানুষ

“On wings of moonlight
Beneath the stars
Breathing time
I shall find
Your eyes

(fragment from "Beatitude", chapter Hope)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“The sad thing about history is that there are so many people out there from centuries, generations, even eras ago who are no longer in existence. They're names and stories aren't written down. They're now just mysterious figures of bone and dust deep in the ground that will never be known because no one bothered knowing them.”
― Amanda Lovelorn

“Nefertiti Speaks:
Sands of time released my ancient image
to awaken you to the artistry and splendour
of Egypt’s Camelot

No mystery am I
A modern woman trapped in an old time

Go forward beautiful ladies and create
new worlds of artistry and beauty
out of the sands of time”
― Ramon Ravenswood, Icons Speak

“The certainty that life cannot be long, and the probability that it will be much shorter than nature allows, ought to awaken every man to the active prosecution of whatever he is desirous to perform. It is true, that no diligence can ascertain success; death may intercept the swiftest career; but he who is cut off in the execution of an honest undertaking has at least the honour of falling in his rank, and has fought the battle, though he missed the victory.”
― Samuel Johnson, Selected Essays

“Rome fell silently to ruins. A New city rose in its place, and it was too erased by emptiness. Like phantom Giants, cities, kingdoms, and countries swiftly fell and disappeared into emptiness-- swallowed up in the black maw of the Infinite”
― Leonid Andreyev, Lazarus

“From age sixteen to age twenty, a woman's body is a temple. From twenty-one to forty-five, it's an amusement park. From forty-five on, it's a terrarium.”
― Gina Barreca, "If You Lean In, Will Men Just Look Down Your Blouse?": Questions and Thoughts for Loud, Smart Women in Turbulent Times

“Everydayness perfumes the depth of life, the huge ocean where all are interconnected, and makes your life mature. Then a new life arises from the depth and appears on the surface. So, by taking care of everydayness, you don’t make just the surface mature; you also make the depth of your life mature.”
― Dainin Katagiri, Each Moment Is the Universe: Zen and the Way of Being Time

“Your mind constantly seeks proof that will confirm your beliefs. If you have negative beliefs, your mind will seek to prove those negative thoughts. If you have positive beliefs, your minds will seek to prove those positive thoughts. Therefore, it is important to be mindful of our beliefs.”
― Akiroq Brost

“There is a correlation between how foolish a man is and how tolerant he is of people who waste his time.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I chose to...

Explore the senses of this delightful universe
Breathe the sensations of my body with every move
Abandon myself in flow and feel compassion
Become aware of my existence
and thank Lord for His blessings on me…

(Excerpted from Mindfulness, chapter Resilience)”
― Claudia Pavel, The Odyssey of My Lost Thoughts

“The wind breezed through the neighborhoods and pushed the hands of household clocks. Waves rose and fell with the regularity of a sleeping god's snores. People cupped snowflakes in their hands, scraps of divinity that melted at the human touch, as ephemeral as time. Seasons are only man-made time-traps after all. We can call them what we please.”
― Angela Panayotopulos, The Wake Up

“It's weird to have him paying attention after years of not paying attention.”
― Deb Caletti, A Heart in a Body in the World

“Whatever you focus on is where you are putting your energy. If you focus on having problems, your energy will go towards having problems. If you focus on having solutions, your energy will go towards having solutions. Are you focusing on the right things?”
― Akiroq Brost

“and I pondered this curiously crazy life
and the things I failed to grasp as a girl
but thought I understood now
as a softer , wiser woman
I thought about life and death...
I thought about tonight's dinner menu too...”
― Adiela Akoo, Lost in a Quatrain: Poetry Anthology

“The sad thing about history is that there are so many people out there from centuries, generations, even eras ago who are no longer in existence. Their names and stories aren't written down. They're now just mysterious figures of bone and dust deep in the ground that will never be known because no one bothered knowing them.”
― Amanda Lovelorn

“Time is long, death is patient, and the ghosts will always outlive the grieving.”
― Jordan Weisman, Cathy's Key

“Well, see, I was thinking, let's say you throw a rock at something. At a tree. You throw it, and it goes through the air and hits the tree. Right? But it can't. Because—can I have the slate? Look, here's you throwing the rock, and here's the tree... that's supposed to be a tree, and here's the rock, see, halfway in between. To get from you to the tree, the rock has to be halfway in between you and the tree, doesn't it. And then it has to be halfway between halfway and the tree. And then it has to be halfway between that and the tree. It doesn't matter how far it's gone, there's always a place, only it's a time really, that's halfway between the last place it was and the tree—
It doesn't matter how you aim it. It can't reach the tree.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed

“One, who cares only its time, not others; surely, cannot be sincere and trusted.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“All our yesterdays neatly shelved, time cataloged in drawers: News grows brittle and yellow under the library, in catacombs of paper.”
― Dean Koontz, Life Expectancy

“Fiecare clipă se scurge şi rămâne doar o amintire pe care se aşterne timpul.”
― Aimée, Strălucind mai mult decât niciodată

“I hope time travel doesn't become a reality. Time would lose its own charm and importance.”
― Bhavik Sarkhedi

“Most of us love timesavers because they give us more time to waste.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Only the passage of time ultimately separates each generation. Our humanity remains stalwartly impervious to political manipulations and to the social, culture and economic tidings that each generation must etch out a living. Our sense of time past, present and future is the common denominator that each generation shares because time refuses to standstill for mere human beings. Time cannot be ignored or shunted, but must be respected for the indomitable power that its relentless pressure applies upon each of us. The unyielding power of time sneers at each of us regardless of our race, religion, creed, nationality, gender, age, or sexual orientation. Potency of time is irreducible, it is irreversible, and it is inerasable. Through the periscope of memory, we can dice snippets of time’s atoms into infinitesimal pictures of mere moments; we can harness select prized memories to build a molecular mind’s magical playhouse. The capacity of the human mind for memory enables people to preserve, retain, and subsequently recall knowledge, information, and experience. Replaying snapshots of the past enables us to comprehend the magnitude of the present and take account of the inevitability of our future.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“No matter what the f***ing 'TIME' gifts you with!

No matter what happens in life, make sure there is 'grace under pressure'!

'Grace under pressure'!

Yes, 'grace under pressure'!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“What, indeed, if you look from a mountain-top down the long wastes of the ages? The very stone one kicks with one's boot will outlast Shakespeare.”
― Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse

“I have not the time to fight with others; I am already in the war against my evil desires that can cause the pain to the entire humanity.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Eternity is not the inexhaustible sum of all the centuries, quite the contrary —it must surely be this absence of time. Absolute calm (which can be more than a little dull!).”
― José Eduardo Agualusa, Nação Crioula

“And that’s when I realize that, at the end, we’d all wish for the same thing. Just a little more time.”
― Marie Lu, Wildcard

“Yet what was time, when you got right down to it? We measured its passage with the hands of a clock for convenience’s sake. But was that appropriate? Did time really flow in such a steady and linear way? Couldn’t this be a mistaken way of thinking, an error of major proportions?”
― Haruki Murakami, Killing Commendatore

“Telling some people not to waste time is a waste of time.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Quantum physics tells us that no matter how thorough our observation of the present, the (unobserved) past, like the future, is indefinite and exists only as a spectrum of possibilities.

The universe, according to quantum physics, has no single past, or history. The fact that the past takes no definite form means that observations you make on a system in the present affect its past.”
― Stephen Hawking, The Grand Design

“Life was so short, and books so countlessly many.”
― Aldous Huxley, Eyeless in Gaza

“Is this my dream, or the truth?
O would that we had met
When I had my burning youth;
But I grow old among dreams,
A weather-worn, marble triton
Among the streams.”
― W.B. Yeats, The Wild Swans at Coole

“Our past has a funny way of becoming part of who we are in the future, and I think that’s the way it’s meant to be. Without the scars, without the pain, we wouldn’t be able to appreciate the times when everything is magical — the days when life is absolute bliss.”
― Kandi Steiner, The Wrong Game

“The more you do something the easier it gets. Don't expect it to get easier, if you're not putting in the time and energy to make that happen.”
― Akiroq Brost

“The realization that time can behave like another direction of space means one can get rid of the problem of time having a beginning, in a similar way in which we got rid of the edge of the world.

Suppose the beginning of the universe was like the South Pole of the earth, with degrees of latitude playing the role of time.

As one moves north, the circles of constant latitude, representing the size of the universe, would expand. The universe would start as a point at the South Pole, but the South Pole is much like any other point.

To ask what happened before the beginning of the universe would become a meaningless question, because there is nothing south of the South Pole.”
― Stephen Hawking, The Grand Design

“How can you even know what you want, if you don't know who you are? Invest the time and energy into getting to know yourself. Get real with yourself.”
― Akiroq Brost

“We have to get through the summer.'
Finn didn't want to get through the summer. He wanted to fall into it, hunker down and stay for a while.”
― Laura Ruby, Bone Gap

“Happiness can be found inside our own hearts and not in some shallow relationships. People with integrity know how precious time is and they refuse to waste it on people who don't bother to respect it!”
― Avijeet Das

“They lied to her every day saying that she can't fly. And the most painful thing about it was, she believed it till the end.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“Without truth, time is merely the kingdom of the animals. Time brings progress and humanitarian glory, only if truth walks the nerves of our mind, as we walk the alleys of space - in that walk we relinquish the space between the self and the other.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Fabric of Humanity

“How can I sing?
Time tells me what I am. I change and I am the same.
I empty myself of my life and my life remains.”
― Mark Strand

“The world would end as it began, as beatific arbour, and if any family crests or luminary busts or graven names of institutions were yet visible between the droning hives and honeysuckle, they would be by then wiped clean of any meaning. Meaning was a candlelight in everything that lurched and shifted in the circumstantial breezes of each instant, never twice the same. Significance was a phenomenon of Now that could not be contained inside an urn or monolith. It was a hurricane entirely of the present, an unending swirl of boiling change, and as he stood there gazing out towards the city's rim, across the granite fields of time towards the calendar's far tattered edges, Snowy Vernall was a storm-rod, crackling and exultant, at the cyclone's dangerous and brilliant eye.”
― Alan Moore, Jerusalem, Book One: The Boroughs

“Success is built over-time not over-night”
― Nicky Verd

“John Vernall lifted up his head, the milk locks that had given him his nickname stirring in the third floor winds, and stared with pale grey eyes out over Lambeth, over London. Snowy's dad had once explained to him and his young sister Thursa how by altering one's altitude, one's level on the upright axis of this seemingly three-planed existence, it was possible to catch a glimpse of the elusive fourth plane, the fourth axis, which was time. Or was at any rate, at least in Snowy's understanding of their father's Bedlam lectures, what most people saw as time from the perspective of a world impermanent and fragile, vanished into nothingness and made anew from nothing with each passing instant, all its substance disappeared into a past that was invisible from their new angle and which thus appeared no longer to be there. For the majority of people, Snowy realised, the previous hour was gone forever and the next did not exist yet. They-were trapped in their thin, moving pane of Now: a filmy membrane that might fatally disintegrate at any moment, stretched between two dreadful absences. This view of life and being as frail, flimsy things that were soon ended did not match in any way with Snowy Vernall's own, especially not from a glorious vantage like his current one, mucky nativity below and only reefs of hurtling cloud above.

His increased elevation had proportionately shrunken and reduced the landscape, squashing down the buildings so that if he were by some means to rise higher still, he knew that all the houses, churches and hotels would be eventually compressed in only two dimensions, flattened to a street map or a plan, a smouldering mosaic where the roads and lanes were cobbled silver lines binding factory-black ceramic chips in a Miltonic tableau. From the roof-ridge where he perched, soles angled inwards gripping the damp tiles, the rolling Thames was motionless, a seam of iron amongst the city's dusty strata. He could see from here a river, not just shifting liquid in a stupefying volume. He could see the watercourse's history bound in its form, its snaking path of least resistance through a valley made by the collapse of a great chalk fault somewhere to the south behind him, white scarps crashing in white billows a few hundred feet uphill and a few million years ago. The bulge of Waterloo, off to his north, was simply where the slide of rock and mud had stopped and hardened, mammoth-trodden to a pasture where a thousand chimneys had eventually blossomed, tarry-throated tubeworms gathering around the warm miasma of the railway station. Snowy saw the thumbprint of a giant mathematic power, untold generations caught up in the magnet-pattern of its loops and whorls.

On the loose-shoelace stream's far side was banked the scorched metropolis, its edifices rising floor by floor into a different kind of time, the more enduring continuity of architecture, markedly distinct from the clock-governed scurry of humanity occurring on the ground. In London's variously styled and weathered spires or bridges there were interrupted conversations with the dead, with Trinovantes, Romans, Saxons, Normans, their forgotten and obscure agendas told in stone. In celebrated landmarks Snowy heard the lonely, self-infatuated monologues of kings and queens, fraught with anxieties concerning their significance, lives squandered in pursuit of legacy, an optical illusion of the temporary world which they inhabited. The avenues and monuments he overlooked were barricades' against oblivion, ornate breastwork flung up to defer a future in which both the glorious structures and the memories of those who'd founded them did not exist.”
― Alan Moore, Jerusalem, Book One: The Boroughs

“There was no such thing as the right time, he explained. Time was an idea: it had no end and no beginning; it could not be seen or heard or smelled. It could be measured, sure enough, but no words had been found to explain precisely what it was. As to the "right" time, it was simply a matter of agreeing to agree.”
― Kate Morton

“Time and the wind carry us away. We have to leave everything behind.”
― Marty Rubin

“It made him laugh, although not literally. Where did they think that everything, including them, was going to go? Snowy was only twenty-six at this point in the span of him, and he supposed that there were those who'd say he hadn't yet seen much of life, but even so he knew that life was a spectacular construction, more secure than people generally thought, and that it would be harder getting out of their existence than they probably imagined. Human beings ended up arranging their priorities without being aware of the whole story, the whole picture. Cenotaphs would turn out to be less important than the sunny days missed in their making. Things of beauty, Snowy knew, should be wrought purely for their own sake and not made into elaborate headstones stating only that somebody was once here. Not when no one was going anywhere.”
― Alan Moore, Jerusalem, Book One: The Boroughs

“Last night we spun dreams from the cobwebs of time!”
― Avijeet Das

“If Mr. Darwin were to be believed, then it was from the timeless dapple of the forest's canopy that men had first descended, and it was the forest's roots that drank men's bodies when they died, returned their vital salts back to the prehistoric treetops in gold elevator cages made of sap.”
― Alan Moore, Jerusalem, Book One: The Boroughs

“But maybe it was always about those small details you didn’t give a damn about; Your mother’s smile in the morning, your best friend’s silly piece of advice , your sister’s endless jokes and laughs, the Me time you choose to spend with your favorite books and music, or the deep conversation with that special one.
Maybe this is life, this is happiness, and this is everything that ever really matters …”
― Samiha Totanji

“If haunting is anything, perhaps that's what it is; time in the wrong place.”
― Jeanette Winterson, Eight Ghosts: The English Heritage Book of New Ghost Stories

“We were meant to find each other here, Celes,” he agrees. “I can feel it. Like we’ve lived a lifetime together, knowing each other, loving each other. Time can’t separate us.”, FADE by Kailin Gow”
― Kailin Gow

“To measure time, one must begin. To grow futureward, one must root. Deep into the ground with blood.”
― Steven Erikson, Reaper's Gale

“Are you prepared to put in the time and energy to create change in your life? Are you prepared to make and keep that commitment? If not you, then who? Invest in yourself.”
― Akiroq Brost

“But oh — time has become such a torture, a slow torture. One tries to capture a piece of time that lies ahead and is full of light . . . but thinking about that just makes this awful black time even blacker.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Green Knight

“Our encounter with the moment is also an encounter with Eternity.”
― Ilie Cioara, The Wondrous Journey: Into the Depth of Our Being

“In the silence of the woods it felt like I could hear the passage of time, of life passing by. One person leaves, another appears. A thought flits away and another takes its place. One image bids farewell and another one appears on the scene. As the days piled up, I wore out, too, and was remade. Nothing stayed still. And time was lost. Behind me, time became dead grains of sand, which one after another gave way and vanished. I just sat there in front of the hole, listening to the sound of time dying.”
― Haruki Murakami, Killing Commendatore

“I counted the seconds passing. Time could go on forever like this, I thought again. Time would. Infinity loomed consistently and all at once, forever, with or without me. Amen.”
― Ottessa Moshfegh, My Year of Rest and Relaxation

“There is no ‘back’ for me. My home is gone.”

“What do you mean ‘gone’?”

“Changed. Time makes us all homeless —eventually.”
― Casey Matthews, The One Who Eats Monsters

“Don't be in such a rush to reach a goal, that you reach the goal before you are ready. Sometimes, we learn such valuable lessons along the way. Sometimes, we learn more about ourselves and discover that we actually want something different. Put your heart into what you do, but don't rush. Good things take time.”
― Akiroq Brost

“Time moves quickly
In the blink of an eye
You're gone
Do you miss me
Feels like yesterday
We were on
Blissfully
Grab your chin
With my palm
Kiss your cheek”
― Andrew Edward Lucier, Awakenigma Allegory Anomalous

“Every second that passes is another grain of sand in your hourglass that is gone, forever lost in time.”
― Nyki Mack

“time is not a line.
time spins
and spirals
like a galaxy
yet time vanishes
and is gone
in the Oneness
of the Infinite....”
― Leland Lewis, Random Molecular Mirroring

“We have all the time in the world. We once complained about being over-scheduled; now we're thrilled to bits if there's something to jot down other than a doctor's appointment.”
― Hester Velmans, Pogingen iets van het leven te maken: Het geheime dagboek van Hendrik Groen, 83¼ jaar

“Always take time to cherish every single moment you get, and always take a second to remind yourself how special that moment truly is and just how lucky you are to have it... remember that there is someone somewhere wishing it was their moment.”
― Nyki Mack

“To a Young Nun

This undemanding love
that our staggered births
have purchased for us —
You in your generation,
I in mine.
I am not the one
you are looking for.
You are not the one
I've stopped looking for.
How sweetly time
disposes of us
as we go arm in arm
over the Bridge of Details:
Your turn to chop.
My turn to cook.
Your turn to die for love.
My turn to resurrect.”
― Leonard Cohen, Book of Longing

“Was that what it was really like to be alive? The feeling of darkness dragging you forward?

How could they live with it? And yet they did, and even seemed to find enjoyment in it, when surely the only sensible course would be to despair. Amazing. To feel you were a tiny living thing, sandwiched between two cliffs of darkness. How could they stand to be alive?”
― Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man

“If it is time that you are talking to
Don’t forget the path you are walking through
Sudden flare of past might stalk you
Never allow moments to mock you”
― Munia Khan

“Clocks are as pointless on the Tennessee as poets are on Earth.”
― Andrew Smith

“We only think of days and months to keep track of times that aren't now. Fuck days. Fuck months. This was how it was going to be from now on: forever.”
― Andrew Smith

“Time doesn't rewind. It only heals.”
― Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends

“So much space, such silence, so much time. To drift. To think. To let your mind roam anywhere it pleases. To dream. Perhaps the true luxury of our age is not the piles of goods we endlessly accumulate, but Time.”
― Ferenc Máté, The Hills of Tuscany

“With every passing time, technology moves one step forward.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“Time is ephemeral, but we keep drifting back into it whenever it exhibits its tyranny!”
― Balroop Singh

“When seeking forgiveness, remember, that forgiveness includes change. Don't just ask for forgiveness because you are sorry. Ask because you are willing to put the time and effort in to change.”
― Akiroq Brost

“Bad memories of the past are like quicksand the more you struggle with them the deeper You Sink suffocating in the sands of time”
― Andy D.R. Elcock

“Time is a curious dimension - habit of the preconceived notion can easily reverse the hand of a clock, and yet the clock is still in perfect working order.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“O Time! It may be pitiless, or sad,
And now and it brutally shakes the earth.
If Time intends to annihilate you, my lad,
Go boldly forward, and fight for all you're worth.”
― Samad Vurgun

“Is a particle really a wave packet?
Could something like a "phase transition" involve dimensions that are more transitory then we imagined.
Example; a photon as a two dimensional sheet is absorbed by an electron so that the photon becomes a part of the geometry of the electron in which the electrons dimensions change in some manner.
Could "scale" have more variation and influence on space and time that our models currently predict.”
― R.A. Delmonico

“The manner in which each person perceives time and the assigned role his or her conception of time plays in governing their life is a learned perspective. Although time by definition is incremental and precise, the passage of time feels amendable to a person’s frame of mind. Time seems to either pass to quickly or pass to slowly depending upon a person’s mood, temperament, and context. Instead of regretting the passage of time, disagreeable activities and tedium spur an aversion for the methodical pace of time. Whenever a person is stuck performing distasteful tasks, one frequently wishes that time would pass more quickly. Conversely, when we are experiencing fun or working to meet a pressing deadline, we are apt to despair that time is evaporating too rapidly.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“She says that all the things that have happened are actually in the present, that old things are all mixed up in current things, and current things mingle with future things, and future things are combined with old things; it's just that we can't feel it.”
― Kyung-Sook Shin, Please Look After Mom

“Time flies when you get what you want and doesn't when you don't.

Time flies when you don't get what you need and doesn't when you do.”
― Alok Karkera

“Time feels interminable when you're mired in regrets. Ramsey is my diversion.”
― Peter Tieryas, Mecha Samurai Empire

“It is never too late to make a change and taking some much needed alone time for yourself to reflect is not selfish.”
― Nyki Mack

“Don’t spend major time doing minor things.”
― Jim Rohn

“Don’t be a slave to the money. Be a slave to your passion. You could be making millions a year and still be miserable, people trade the most valuable thing they have for money, TIME. Time is life, life is time. Make sure you spend your time doing what you LOVE because no amount of money will matter in the end, no one is going to mention how expensive your house was or how crazy your cars were at your funeral. Be a person with true substance and heart and live life the way you want.”
― 2Shaddy

“Ruins are more beautiful than adorned castles, for ruins are the cathedrals of time.”
― Ben Caesar

“In headaches and in worry
Vaguely life leaks away,
And Time will have his fancy
To-morrow or to-day.”
― W.H. Auden, Another Time

“Time
concocted by caffeine
unnervingly familiar
a ferociousness that sucks you in
even as it wears you down”
― Brian D'Ambrosio

“All sorts of strange people were around, people who looked more at home than she was, even the homeless ones who spoke no English, more at home maybe because they were younger, and when she went out it seemed to her that she too had migrated, that everyone migrates, even if we stay in the same houses our whole lives, because we can't help it.

We are all migrants through time.”
― Mohsin Hamid, Exit West

“This might suggest that the so-called imaginary time is really the real time, and that what we call real time is just a figment of our imaginations. In real time, the universe has a beginning and an end at singularities that form a boundary to space-time and at which the laws of science break down. But in imaginary time, there are no singularities or boundaries. So maybe what we call imaginary time is really more basic, and what we call real is just
an idea that we invent to help us describe what we think the universe is like. But according to the approach I described in Chapter 1, a scientific theory is just a mathematical model we make to describe our observations: it exists only in our minds. So it is meaningless to ask: which is real, “real” or “imaginary” time? It is simply a matter of which is the more useful description.”
― Stephen Hawking, A Brief History of Time

“Time keeps moving forward, no matter what you're feeling.”
― Constance Friday Elias

“in a world of chaos and ticking clocks,
live for the moments that keep you still”
― Sara Marie, Cat's Game

“I want to create a place for us, like a room. And I want to store everything that I come across as a memory of us, in there. Years after, someday I will take you there in the middle of the night. I want to see you at that moment. I want to watch you drowning in the memories helplessly, losing the bounds of time, getting weaker every second. And then I want to hold you in these arms in those moments of never-ending the silence. Where only our eyes speak, while we look at each other, like the dreams that we never want to stop seeing.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“Today is non-refundable. Therefore, I’d better live it in a manner that a refund is unnecessary.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Short-lived are both the praiser and the praised; and the rememberer and the remembered; and all this in a nook of this part of the world; and not even here do all agree; no not anyone with himself; and the whole earth too is a point.”
― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations

“They sat in silence, watching the river flow in the same direction it always had, a ribbon connecting the past with the present, and a reminder that time moved on regardless of whether you wanted it too.”
― Karen White, Dreams of Falling

“Sometimes, what we need the most is the strength to survive in this world. Which forces us to pay, to watch the demons destroy the paradises we built and dance on its ruins.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“When you do exams, always remember the order in which to do the questions.

1 - easy questions, first
2 - medium questions, next
3 - hard questions, last

If you do it in any other order, you run the risk of running out of time.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“The time is short twixt now and then
and is never ours to share again!!”
― Neil Leckman

“Peace, happiness, and love are a daily practice. Give time and energy to that which you want more of in your life. Invest in yourself for a higher quality of life. You're worth it.”
― Akiroq Brost

“... in the case of trees and certain other forms of plant life, they already have a structure that expresses perfectly a timeless life in more than three dimensions. Being motionless, the only movement is that of their growth, which leaves a solid trail of wood behind in much the same way we ourselves are leaving a long stream of ghostly images. The tree's shape is its history, each bough the curve of a magnificent timestatue which I can assure you that we folk Upstairs appreciate just as enthusiastically as do you humans.”
― Alan Moore, Jerusalem

“Right now is the time of repentance.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Yesterday I smiled. Tomorrow never came.
And today is what I’m living.”
― Jill Telford

“And then the finale, its four modest notes. Do, re, fa, mi: half a jumbled scale. Too simple to be called invented. But the thing spills out into the world like one of those African antelopes that fall from the womb, still wet with afterbirth but already running. Young Peter props up on his elbows, ambushed by a memory from the future. The shuffled half scale gathers mass; it sucks up other melodies into its gravity. Tunes and countertunes split off and replicate, chasing each other in a cosmic game of tag. At two minutes, a trapdoor opens beneath the boy. The first floor of the house dissolves above a gaping hole. Boy, stereo, speaker boxes, the love seat he sits on: all hang in place, floating on the gusher of sonority pouring into the room. […] All he wants to do forever is to take the magnificent timepiece apart and put its meshed gears back together again. To recover that feeling of being clear, present, here, various and vibrant, as huge and noble as an outer planet.”
― Richard Powers, Orfeo

“He isn't a codebase; he is a human being, and bugs are harder to spot and fix in humans. You can't just deploy a fix immediately. It takes time to identify the problem and foster and grow a change.”
― Jono Bacon

“Time is divine!
Time can’t stop the love of moss with a stone_Saqib Abraham”
― saqib abraham, The Prophet's Epistle: A Leaf of Wisdom

“There is a deep foundation of my being which knows not of time and change and is still and ever with Hartley, in that good place where we once were.”
― Iris Murdoch, The Sea, The Sea

“I do not deny that, to most, homelessness is a curse. Just look at some of the people in this room. The smell of urine, alcohol, and dirt is overwhelming. They have lost their dignity. Winter is on the doorstep. No hygiene will lead to certain disaster! But I suppose that Marduk does not care for them any longer. In a world where life is measured in monetary terms, those with no earnings are at the bottom of the chain. Their life is worth nothing. There is something surreal about it, don’t you think?!”
― Sheila Matharu, Darkness

“Put a little soul in everything you say, in everything you do.”
― Akiroq Brost

“The objection we are dealing with argues from the standpoint of an agent that presupposes time and acts in time, but did not institute time. Hence the question about 'why God's eternal will produces an effect now and and not earlier' presupposes that time exists; for 'now' and 'earlier' are segments of time. With regard to the universal production of things, among which time is also to be counted, we should not ask, 'Why now and not earlier?' Rather we should ask: 'Why did God wish this much time to intervene?' And this depends on the divine will, which is perfectly free to assign this or any other quantity to time. The same may be noted with respect to the dimensional quantity of the world. No one asks why God located the material world in such and such a place rather than higher up or lower down or in some other position; for there is no place outside the world. The fact that God portioned out so much quantity to the world that no part of it would be beyond the place occupied in some other locality, depends on the divine will. However, although there was no time prior to the world and no place outside the world, we speak as if there were. Thus we say that before the world existed there was nothing except God, and that there is no body lying outside the world. But in thus speaking of 'before' and 'outside,' we have in mind nothing but time and place as they exist in our imagination.”
― Thomas Aquinas, Aquinas's Shorter Summa: Saint Thomas's Own Concise Version of His Summa Theologica

“We still need the old to tell the young that in time they will learn.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“There was also closeness, for the end of a couple is like a death, and the notion of death, of temporariness, can remind us of the value of things.”
― Mohsin Hamid, Exit West

“I do not deny that, to most, homelessness is a curse. Just look at some of the people in this room. The smell of urine, alcohol, and dirt is overwhelming. They have lost their dignity. Winter is on the doorstep. No hygiene will lead to certain disaster! But I suppose that Marduk does not care for them any longer. In a world where life is measured in monetary terms, those with no earnings are at the bottom of the chain. Their life is worth nothing. There is something surreal about it, don’t you think?!” He paused chewing his bottom lip, lost in reflection. “And yet, even those with money are not much better off. This summer I spent my days in a park, watching the same people rush from the station to work every morning. I am certain that they do not notice the flowers bloom in spring and that, to them, most of the world is no more than a shadow. I used to be them once, but not anymore.”
“Are you happy?” asked Shane without judgement, not wanting to make any assumptions.
“Happy?! I don’t know. But I am free and I am alive. There are those who resent not being seen, and I suppose that our invisibility, compounded by the thousands of people who pass us on the street every day without looking into our eyes, is indeed a symptom of something being wrong with our society. But I do not mind it. I would rather be out of a system designed to enslave me. This is my pilgrimage; like a monk, I have abandoned my old life in search of myself.” He paused and studied Shane. “You are young, the road ahead of you is still long. Certain lessons can only be learned with experience.”
― Sheila Matharu, Darkness

“The pursuit of wealth grants no friends. Perhaps, it is a lesson too many strive to learn on their own. One day, I looked at myself in the mirror and found someone much older but with few valuable memories to show for the elapsed time. I was alone. I started drinking. I lost everything. They say that we are all just three steps away from homelessness. They are right. I lost anyone who ever cared for me. I lost my mind. And I lost my money.”
“I’m sorry for your losses…” offered Shane genuinely.
“Don’t be sorry, kid. I do not regret my homelessness. It has taught me some important lessons. Instead, I regret the approach and decisions I took when I had money. I take pleasure in the small things now. Time is on my side. I do not expect you to understand it, but my life is longer than it was ever before.”
― Sheila Matharu, Darkness

“The passage of time was relentless and capricious, and one would lose the battle with it in the end. The only resistance a man could offer was to make the most of time, exploit it without trying to prevent its progress.”
― Henning Mankell, The Man from Beijing

“Whenever we buy something we do not need, we waste not only money but also time.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“To deny temporal succession, to deny the self, to deny the astronomical universe, are measures of apparent despair and of secret consolation. Our destiny (in contrast to Swedenborg's hell and the hell of Tibetan mythology) is not frightful because it is unreal; it is frightful because it is irreversible and ironbound. Time is the substance of which I am made. Time is a river which sweeps me along, but I am the river; it is a tiger which mangles me, but I am the tiger; it is a fire which consumes me, but I am the fire. The world, unfortunately, is real; I, unfortunately, am Borges.”
― Jorge Luis Borges, A Personal Anthology

“Let time move you in love”
― For-you-she-writes

“Jarred once again by her memory, Ted felt the pressure that arose in him when he tried to talk about his work – a confusion about what had originally driven him to disappoint his parents and rack up mountainous debt so he could write a dissertation claiming (in breathless tones that embarrassed him now) that Cézanne's distinctive brushstrokes were an effort to represent sound – namely, in his summer landscapes, the hypnotic chant of locusts.
'I'm writing about the impact of Greek sculpture on the French Impressionists,' he said, attempting liveliness, but it landed like a brick." (p. 219)”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“Truth is that when all is said and done, the only thing we end up fearing is time.”
― R.J. Ellory, Bad Signs

“Your time is the most valuable asset with you; invest it, where you get best returns.”
― Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition

“God or the universe or whatever one chooses to label the great systems of balance and order does not recognize Earth-time. To the universe, four days is no different than four billion light years. I try to keep that in mind.”
― Robert James Waller, The Bridges of Madison County

“But it was time for Monday morning. The great arbiter of fresh starts and calendars stretching for days on end. Office workers in Park Avenue corner offices and pattern makers in Garment District walk-ups were drunk with the possibility of a whole week set before them like a new school year to a class full of wide-eyed kindergarteners. The idea that there was so much time to make things happen.”
― Susie Orman Schnall, The Subway Girls

“Sunrise, Grand Canyon

We stand on the edge, the fall
Into depth, the ascent

Of light revelatory, the canyon walls moving
Up out of

Shadow, lit
Colors of the layers cutting

Down through darkness, sunrise as it
Passes a

Precipitate of the river, its burnt tangerine
Flare brief, jagged

Bleeding above the far rim for a split
Second I have imagined

You here with me, watching day’s onslaught
Standing in your bones-they seem

Implied in the record almost
By chance- fossil remains held

In abundance in the walls, exposed
By freeze and thaw, beautiful like a theory stating

Who we are is
Carried forward by the x

Chromosome down the matrilineal line
Recessive and riverine, you like

Me aberrant and bittersweet...
Riding the high

Colorado Plateau as the opposing
Continental plates force it over

A mile upward without buckling, smooth
Tensed, muscular fundament, your bones

Yet to be wrapped around mine-
This will come later, when I return

To your place and time...
The geologic cross section

Of the canyon
Dropping

From where I stand, hundreds
millions of shades of terra cotta, of copper

Manganese and rust, the many varieties of stone-
Silt, sand, and slate, even “green

River rock...”my body voicing its immense
Genetic imperatives, human

geology falling away
Into a

Depth i am still unprepared for
The canyon cutting down to

The great unconformity, a layer
So named by the lack

Of any fossil evidence to hypothesize
About and date such

A remote time by, at last no possible
Retrospective certainties...


John Barton”
― Rick Kempa, Going Down Grand: Poems from the Canyon

“Alex closed his eyes and listened: a storefront gate sliding down. A dog barking hoarsely. The lowing of trucks over bridges. The velvety night in his ears. And the hum, always that hum, whih maybe wasn't an echo after all, but the sound of time passing.
th blu nyt
the stRs u cant c
th hum tht nevr gOs awy
A sound of clicking heels on the pavement punctured the quiet. Alex snapped open his eyes, and he and Bennie both turned – whirled, really, peering for Sasha in the ashy dark. But it was another girl, young and new to the city, fiddling with her keys." (p. 336)”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“You can, Scotty – you have to,' Bennie said, with his usual calm, but through his thinning silver hair Alex caught a shimmer of sweat on his crown. 'Time's a goon, right? You gonna let that goon push you around?'
Scotty shook his head. 'The goon won.'" (p. 329)”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“The photos on her page had not done justice to the arresting, wide-eyed symmetry of her face, the radiant shine of her hair. She was 'clean': no piercings, tattoos or scarifications. All the kids were now. And who could blame them, Alex thought, after watching three generations of flaccid tattoos drop like moth-eaten upholstery over poorly stuffed biceps and saggy asses?" (p. 314)”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“On another day more than twenty years after this one, after Sasha had gone to college and settled in New York; after she'd reconnected on Facebook with her college boyfriend and married late (when Beth had nearly given up hope) and had two children, one of whom was slightly autistic; when she was like anyone, with a life that worried and electrified and overwhelmed her, Ted, long divorced – a grandfather – would visit Sasha at home in the Californian desert. He would step through a living room strewn with the flotsam of her young kids and watch the western sun blaze through a sliding glass door. And for an instant he would remember Naples: sitting with Sasha in her tiny room; the jolt of surprise and delight he'd felt when the sun finally dropped into the center of her window and was captured inside her circle of wire.
Now he turned to her, grinning. Her hair and face were aflame with orange light.
"See," Sasha muttered, eyeing the sun. "It's mine.” (p. 229-230)”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“He had to find her.
But where? Ted deliberated this question while downing three espressos in the hotel lobby, letting the caffeine and vodka greet in his brain like fighting fish. Where to look for Sasha in this sprawling, malodorous city? He reviewed the strategies he'd already failed to execute: approaching dissolute kids at the train station and youth hostels, but no, no. He'd waited too long for any of that." (p. 224)”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“Sasha wasn't moving at all. She stood still, watching him. And then she reached for him, encircled Ted with her long arms and clung to him so that he felt her modest bulk, the height and weight of this new Sasha, his grown-up niece who had once been so small, and the irrevocability of that transformation released in Ted a ragged sorrow, so his throat seized up and a painful tingling fizzed in his nostrils,. He cleaved to Sasha. But she was gone, that little girl. Gone with the passionate boy who had loved her.
Finally, she pulled away. 'Wait here,' she said, not meeting his eyes. 'I'll be right back.' Disoriented, Ted hovered among the dancing Italians until a mounting sense of awkwardness drove him from the floor. He lingered near it. Eventually, he circled the floor. She's mentioned having friends there – could she be talking to them somewhere? Had she gone outside? Anxious, foggy from his own drink, Ted ordered a San Pellegrino at the bar. And only then, as he reached for his wallet and found it gone, did he realize that she's robbed him." (p. 223)”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“It's so easy to take time for granted, without thinking about its value. And yet, here i am on the racetrack, where the whistle was blown long time ago.”
― Mladen Đorđević, Svetioničar - Pritajeno zlo

“By now it was afternoon. Ted began to walk, still dazed, until he found himself among a skein of backstreets so narrow they felt dark. He passed churches blistered with grime, moldering palazzi whose squalid interiors leaked sounds of wailing cats and children. Soiled, forgotten coats of arms were carved above their massive doorways, and these unsettled Ted: such universal, defining symbols made meaningless by nothing more than time.” (p. 212)”
― Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad

“Stop blaming other people for your own behavior! Own the truth. If you don't like it, then invest the time and energy to change it.”
― Akiroq Brost

“Most criminals in prison can trace their crime to their first murderous act—that of killing time.”
― Wyatt Allen

“I will give you time—and then I will claim your forever.”
― Meredith T. Taylor, Clashing Waters: The Obyascon Prince

“I have no time, to love myself, since I stay, showering love, towards others, and that breezes and fragrances in my heart and mind.”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“„Timpul pe care îți face plăcere să îl pierzi nu e timp pierdut.”
― Marthe Troly-Curtin

“Svatko tko se usudi uspoređivati različita vremena ne samo da otvara mogućnost da bude u krivu nego najčešće i jest u krivu. Mnogi prošli trenuci čine nam se magičnima, naprosto zato jer nismo njihovi neposredni svjedoci, ili smo to bili, ali ti su trenuci nepovratno prošli.”
― Dubravka Ugrešić, Lisica

“What the clock reads is the measure you set”
― For-you-she-writes

“President Trump’s people are merely demonstrating to the world what has been known to fraud researchers for a very long time: Engaging in lies and fraud is a normal aspect of corporate government.”
― Steven Magee

“They tell me that the present, the "specious present" of the psychologists, lasts from between several seconds and the smallest fraction of a second: such is the length of the history of the universe. Or better, there is no such thing as "the life of a man," nor even "one night in his life." Each moment we live exists, not the imaginary combination of these moments. The universe, the sum total of all events, is a collection no less ideal than the sum of all the horses of which Shakespeare dreamt—one, many, none?—between 1592 and 1594.”
― Jorge Luis Borges, A Personal Anthology

“When each minute of consciousness is a burden, an extra forty-five of them constitutes an almost insurmountable tragedy.”
― Michaela Thompson, Paper Phoenix

“He meant the Grand Canyon was only a mood of nature, a bold promise, a beautiful record. He meant that mountains had sifted away in its dust, yet the canyon was young. Man was nothing, so let him be humble. This cataclysm of the earth, this playground of a river was not inscrutable; it was only inevitable—as inevitable as nature herself. Millions of years in the bygone ages it had lain serene under a half moon; it would bask silent under a rayless sun, in the onward edge of time.

It taught simplicity, serenity, peace. The eye that saw only the strife, the war, the decay, the ruin, or only the glory and the tragedy, saw not all the truth. It spoke simply, though its words were grand: "My spirit is the Spirit of Time, of Eternity, of God. Man is little, vain, vaunting. Listen. To-morrow he shall be gone. Peace! Peace!”
― Zane Grey, The Last of the Plainsmen

“By time or theft everything you love and value now will eventually be taken from you.”
― Marty Rubin

“I See the string of Time, surrendered on the wings of Neptune's birth, where the half-moon proclaims the divinity’s song with the rise of Maghrib-
Saqib Abraham”
― Saqib Abraham, The Prophet's Epistle: A Leaf of Wisdom

“I'd always understood that the past did not die just because we wanted it to. The past signed to us: clicks and cracks in the night, misspelled words, the jargon of adverts, the bodies that attracted us or did not, the sounds that reminded us of this or that. The past was not a thread trailing behind us but an anchor. That was why I looked for you all these years, Sarah. Not for answers, condolences; not to ply you with guilt or set you up for a fall. But because – a long time ago – you were my mother and you left.”
― Daisy Johnson, Everything Under

“You cannot respect someone but disrespect their time.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“But we spent almost all our free time together -- when we weren't' in school -- and it turns out that who you spend time with ends up mattering more than what you do with that time.”
― Tommy Orange

“Time spent in anger is a double edged sword. Not only is it a phenomenal waste of time, it also damages your health and thus shortens the time you have left.”
― Freequill

“Love isn't a feeling or emotion that changes timely, it's everlasting...”
― D'vijay

“We often give painkillers the credit that ought to be given to the passage of time, the belief that they would kill the pain, or the water that accompanied them.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Forgive people when they laugh at your dreams, I assure you,
In a matter of time, they soon will start dreaming”
― Charmaine J. Forde

“The Tuesday Seamstress said
our souls were sewn apart.
Delicate embroidered tomorrows
travelled without a start.”
― Phen Weston, Under the Rose

“His days swelled with the monotony of hours, piling up in colossal heaps before and after him, the used the same as the new.”
― Tracy Guzeman, The Gravity of Birds

“The exploration of self is only enhanced by your expeditions & innumerable odysseys that nurture the mind and soul, if finding a purpose is your goal then travelling lies at the heart of it.”
― Sachin Kumar Puli

“There is peace in the present when one's aware of how to manage what works for them and what drains them with a calm mind.”
― Sachin Kumar Puli

“One cannot skip time, but only transcend it through innumerable memories that exemplifies human understanding.”
― Sachin Kumar Puli

“We swim against―
our own sweet moments― lapping
the hours in expanded pleasures
that swagger away― our wilting sentience―
pretending to be― existent―”
― Phen Weston, Under the Rose

“I wondered where those roads, in which the world diverged,
became the promises of another life,
the hilly embankment that touched the horizon in
tranquil virescent spikes, splattered with hazel lines,
that conquered truth and candour.”
― Phen Weston, Under the Rose

“Who knew those detached words
could conjure silent vows― flaming―
fide et amor ― nothing lasts forever―”
― Phen Weston, Under the Rose

“Bethany Winston once told me that time was like a closet. No matter what you do or how good your intentions are, you will always fill your time and closets with things that don't matter.
"That's why funerals are so important", she'd said. "They force you to clean out closets and reevaluate how you spend your time (...).”
― Penny Reid, Dr. Strange Beard

“You wrapped your wings against my soul,
calmly cascaded tears into eternal waters,
where I sat in solitude, waiting ephemerally,
for those hours of lost comfort once again,
how long ago did sleep become such an end?”
― Phen Weston, Under the Rose

“We are wasting time.
Time wastes itself. Who are we to float in its way?”
― Iain M. Banks, The Algebraist

“যদিও শেইক্সপীয়ার ও তাঁর লেখা তাঁর যুগে খুব বেশি মূল্য পায়নি, ‘সময়’ তাঁকে পরে তাঁর প্রাপ্য সম্মানটুকু ঠিকই দিয়েছে!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“The best investment one can make with one's time is to spend it on happiness.”
― Marty Rubin

“Stealing someone’s money is not nearly as bad as wasting their time.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“It's humbling to think how different you would be if you were born in a different time.”
― Freequill

“My childhood love affair didn't die, it just vanished. Women had stopped wearing hats.”
― Bill Cunningham

“An oil owner is someone who has claimed ownership of something that has been there for millions of years.”
― Freequill

“We never describe or define About limit of Space or Time or Nothing & Love or Mind or Infinity. Both this power is responsible for existence of the life & the Universe. Both are linked each other. Everything is start from nothing and last at infinity. Both end is can’t be defined with proper value and proof. If there is infinite or nothing power or long, how we define it is short or enough. We never imagine about nothing & infinite. We can define the theory of Matter, but we can’t define the theory of nothing or infinity”
― Jagannath Hembram

“Everything was changing. Nothing remained the same. Space had expanded, yet merely rearranged. Time was stretching far too fast and waiting now to snap. If found there is no answer, can the quest be taken back?”
― Todd Crawshaw, Light-Years In The Dark: StoryPoems

“if temporality constitutes the primordial meaning of being of Da-sein, and if this being is concerned about its being in its very being, then care must need “time” and thus reckon with “time”. The temporality of Da-sein develops a “time calculation”. The “time” experienced in such calculation is the nearest phenomenal aspect of temporality. From it originates the everyday, vulgar understanding of time”
― Heidegger, Martin

“Growing up takes time and effort.”
― Charlotte Eriksson, Everything Changed When I Forgave Myself: growing up is a wonderful thing to do

“Si tratta di dargli un po' di tempo, è solo di questo che hanno bisogno gli uomini, di tempo, ed è soltanto questo che hanno, il resto non è che illusione”
― José Saramago, The Stone Raft

“Why do you chop your life into bits and give the bits names? Hours, days. It is like a rabbit. If I kill a rabbit, I eat a rabbit. When you have a rabbit, you chop it up and call it bones and meat and fur and guts. And so you never have enough.”
― Robin Hobb, Assassin's Quest

“The speed of time varied, fast or slow, depending on the depth of my sleep. My favorite days were the ones that barely registered.”
― Ottessa Moshfegh, My Year of Rest and Relaxation

“Self discipline, punctuality and time management are very important - for life is short, and every resource you have must be well utilized so that you find enlightenment and liberation - your ultimate goal.”
― Dada J.P. Vaswani

“Death, in the human perspective, is not a given, it must be achieved. It is a task, one which we take up actively, one which becomes the source of our activity and mastery. Man dies, that is nothing. But man is, starting from his death. He ties himself tight to his death with a tie of which he is the judge. He makes his death; he makes himself mortal and in this way gives himself the power of a maker and gives to what he makes its meaning and its truth. The decision to be without being is possibility itself: the possibility of death.”
― Maurice Blanchot, The Space of Literature

“Time was a blind rider nobody could unsaddle. As he galloped, he ravaged all that seemed enduring, transformed landscapes, reduced dreams to ashes.”
― Juan Goytisolo, The Blind Rider

“People are not cactuses, they need plenty of water and, when talking about friendship, the water is our time.”
― Birutė Sol

“What’s wrong with knowing what you know now and not knowing what you don’t know now until later?”
—Winnie the Pooh”
― Disney Book Group, Christopher Robin: The Little Book of Pooh-isms: With help from Piglet, Eeyore, Rabbit, Owl, and Tigger, too!

“Time is a variable continuum.”
― Michael Lewis, The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine

“Life would not seem short if we valued time as much as we value money.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Many millions of people have lost their lives while trying to save a few minutes.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I miss the floral scent of her hair, the perfume that barely masked the underlying truth of what she was. She was lost time. She smelled of dusty libraries and unwound clocks, salted sand and rain riding on the first rays of dawn. And lilac. When she held me to her, lilac was what I smelled first.”
― Courtney M. Privett, Rain Falls on Malora

“There has never been a better time in history to be an environmental radiation researcher.”
― Steven Magee

“the scarcest resource of all: senior managers’ time and attention.”
― Robert S. Kaplan, HBR's 10 Must Reads on Strategy

“If you wait for the right time to come it will never come. Begin where you are and with what you have!”
― Dada J. P. Vaswani

“We need to move beyond time management to life leadership”
― Stephen R. Covey, First Things First Every Day: Daily Reflections- Because Where You're Headed Is More Important Than How Fast You Get There

“Consider: What difference would a clear vision of my principles, values, and ultimate objectives make in the way I spend my time?”
― Stephen R. Covey, First Things First Every Day: Daily Reflections- Because Where You're Headed Is More Important Than How Fast You Get There

“If you had all the money in the world, you couldn’t buy an extra minute.”
― Dada J.P. Vaswani

“A person can influence a situation or the situation can influence a person.”
― Kristy McMorlan, Treasures in the Trash

“The days since then have been a timeless fuzz. I feel time pass but nothing actually seems to happen.”
― Uzodinma Iweala, Speak No Evil

“Do not despair. We will glimpse another track; we fill find another route. The day that is not this will come. The time that is not this will be.”
― Sahar Tawfiq, Points of the Compass: Stories

“She was lost time. She smelled of dusty libraries and unwound clocks, salted sand and rain riding on the first rays of dawn.”
― Courtney M. Privett, Rain Falls on Malora

“Ocorreu-me, ali de pé, simplesmente a respirar com ela, com o sossego a reinar à nossa volta, que aquelas bem podiam ser as duas palavras mais bonitas faladas em língua de gente. 'Temos tempo.”
― Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls

“As soon as an Analytical Engine exists, it will necessarily guide the future course of the science. Whenever any result is sought by its aid, the question will then arise — by what course of calculation can these results be arrived at by the machine in the shortest time?”
― Charles Babbage, Passages from the Life of a Philosopher

“The fact that the world exists in time and not only in space means that the world is not completed, that its creation has not yet reached its crowning consummation, that it continues to be created”
― Berdyaev N

“Abortive time: unwilling to tarry
Daylight begins to hide into the heat
His moonless night desires to be starry
Those lame knees want to break down on his feet

From the poem Sonnet For A Man (Part I)”
― Munia Khan, To Evince the Blue

“This is a changing world. It changes from day to day, year to year, and from age to age. Rivers deepen their gorges as they carry more land to the sea. Mountains rise, only to be leveled gradually by winds and rain. Continents rise and sink into the sea. Such are the gradual changes of the physical earth as days add into years and years combine to become ages.”
― Stephen Jay Gould, Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes: Further Reflections in Natural History

“They refused to live in these moments right now. And they got busy in turning everything they come across, into a memory, which they could visit in the future.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“You must appreciate that time is always against you. It is never kind or encouraging. It gnaws away invisibly at all good things. Therefore, if you have any desire to accomplish anything, even the simplest task, do it swiftly and with great purpose, or time will drag it away from you.”
― Tash Aw, Five Star Billionaire

“It is a great disadvantage to spend one’s time worrying about what may go wrong. When things do go wrong, one would think that worry would’ve prepared one in some way. This is not the case. Instead, the senseless disorder of one’s thoughts grows more and more uncontrollable as one rehearses the events that befell, to no good effect since nothing can undo the damage, no amount of muddled thinking can ever result in any other outcome.”
― Caroline Stevermer, The Grand Tour

“We spend so long trying to get what everyone else has, that we don't even realize that we all ready have it all.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“If you want the game, you must stalk it. That is all. You cannot say, To stalk this takes too long, I wish to simply eat. It is all one. The stalking is the beginning of the eating.”
― Robin Hobb, Assassin's Quest

“I love you too, but my time with you has passed.”
― Garth Nix, Abhorsen

“She wasted my heart, my time.”
― Caroline Kepnes, Hidden Bodies

“Time is not just the hands of a clock. It isn't just a change of seasons either. It is a treasure trove of precious moments, infinite little joys and blessings, precious smiles, tears and heartbeats.”
― Mona Soorma, Soul Food And Instant Karma

“All her life, she believed that carrying so many things is what made her heart always heavier. But there came a day, when she finally realized that, what really makes it heavier is, not having anything there.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“It occurred to me that human beings didn’t live beyond a hundred because they simply weren’t up for it. Psychologically, I mean. You kind of ran out. There wasn’t enough self to keep going. You grew too bored of your own mind. Of the way life repeated itself. How, after a while, there wasn’t a smile or gesture that you hadn’t seen before. There wasn’t a change in the world order that didn’t echo other changes in the world order. And the news stopped being new.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“If everything in the universe evolves toward increasing disorder, it must have started out in an exquisitely ordered arrangement. This whole chain of logic, purporting to explain why you can't turn an omelet into an egg, apparently rests on a deep assumption about the very beginning of the universe. It was in a state of very low entropy, very high order. Why did our part of the universe pass though a period of such low entropy?”
― Sean Carroll, From Eternity to Here: The Quest for the Ultimate Theory of Time

“Heroes hate wasting time. 'You're wasting my time,' they'll say. Yet they devote very little time to time management, and rarely consult a diary.”
― Richard Ayoade, The Grip of Film

“The man or woman you really love will never grow old to you. Through the wrinkles of time, through the bowed frame of years, you will always see the dear face and feel the warm heart union of your eternal love.”
― Alfred Montapert

“If you live long enough you realise that every proven fact is later disproved and then proven again.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“Overworking is the Black Plague of the 21st Century.”
― Richie Norton

“Time refuses to be simplified and reduced. You cannot say that it is found only in the mind or only in the universe, that it runs only in one direction, or in every one imaginable. That it exists only in biological substructure, or is only a social convention. That it is only individual or only collective, only cyclic, only linear, relative, absolute, determined, universal or only local, only indeterminate, illusory, totally true, immeasurable, measurable, explicable, or unapproachable. It is all of these things.”
― Peter Høeg, Borderliners

“Music is the only place where time does not exist.”
― K.B. Ezzell, Even Skyscrapers Must End: A Neon Dream

“Time is a machine: it will convert your pain into experience. Raw data will be compiled, will be translated into a more comprehensible language. The individual events of your life will be transmuted into another substance called memory and in the mechanism something will be lost and you will never be able to reverse it, you will never again have the moment back as its uncategorized, preprocessed state. It will force you to move on and you will not have a choice in the matter.”
― Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe

“Without a calendar, where would the week go?”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Hypocrisy is something I have learned saturates every level of our society. I see it more with my old age than I did then. At some stage I started questioning everything that I was being taught and turned against various aspects of my upbringing. Maybe I had my reasons and maybe I needed new ways to cope.”
― LEONORA MORRISON, Red Velvet Rose

“Now is the only time. How we relate to it creates the future. In other words, if we're going to be more cheerful in the future, it's because of our aspiration and exertion to be cheerful in the present. What we do accumulates; th future is the result of what we do right now.”
― Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times

“book collecting is only meaningful if it’s personal,” Oscar clarified. “If it’s just another way of accumulating wealth instead of for the books themselves it isn’t right. Collectors are trying to protect themselves. To separate themselves. It’s a hierarchy.”
― Sheridan Hay, The Secret of Lost Things

“TIME CHANGES our appearances---and our addresses...BUT---TIME can NEVER STEAL from US the Memories that SHAPE OUR LIVES and OUR DESTINIES.”
― Marsha Carol Watson Gandy

“The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock,” whatever else it might be, seems to be an investigation into the possibility of durational being, which Bergson had described as “the form which the succession of our conscious states assumes when our ego lets itself live, when it refrains from separating its present state from its former states.” The succession that Bergson opposes to vitality is the realm in which the morbid Prufrock tries to imagine speaking Andrew Marvell’s line, “Now let us sport us while we may,” but then falls back on his indecision, his failure to pose his overwhelming question, and his inability to sing his love. Prufrock’s problems are shown to be symptoms of the form of time in which desire for youth runs defiantly against the remorselessness of aging, snapping the present in two. The “silent seas” that might bring relief from currents and countercurrents of time turn out to be like the troubling one that figures in Hamlet’s overwhelming question: “To be or not to be: that is the question: / Whether ’tis nobler in the mind to suffer / The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, / Or to take arms against a sea of troubles / And by opposing end them.” Prufrock understands but is unable to admit the ontological force of the question: the “whips and scorns of time” that threaten to reverse all his “decisions and revisions” make him wish to be merely “a pair of ragged claws / Scuttling across the floors of silent seas.” That synecdochic figure is as much an anachronous peripeteia for Prufrock as it is for Polonius when Hamlet taunts him: “you yourself, sir, should be as old as I am if, like a crab, you could go backwards.”
― Charles M. Tung

“In the years that followed I worked as much as I could filling my empty hours with theatres and alcohol. I found I had grown to like the taste. Maybe that was a lie. I never liked the taste except maybe of whisky. I drank it none the less and it numbed any feelings I had for a time. In my sober hours I was introduced to ‘The Order of the Red Dragon’ a little at a time.”
― LEONORA MORRISON, Red Velvet Rose

“For everyone out there, who is watching your loved ones dancing with someone else, for the songs that you had written for them. Remember this. Not everyone can come up with beautiful compositions. It takes a heart that knows no boundaries, and a soul that shines with a light, that can make even the gods go blind. They took away your song, but not your soul. Start writing the new ones, and you will eventually find someone who will sing every song written by you, beautifully, and only for you.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“And last, the rending pain of re-enactment
Of all that you have done, and been; the shame
Of things ill done and done to others' harm
Which once you took for exercise of virtue.
Then fools' approval stings, and honour stains.”
― T.S. Eliot, Little Gidding

“The oceans, the skies and time bow down, at the sound of His voice. God is so great, He deserves all praise.”
― Gift Gugu Mona

“Life is a storybook. Our stories depend on what happens and what doesn't; what we know and what we don't; what we forget and why. That's what makes telling the truth so tricky. Because the past never stays still: it keeps changing into the future.”
― Allan Stratton

“Love is pretty much always confusing, and it doesn't ever show up at a convenient time.”
― Kerry Winfrey, Things Jolie Needs to Do Before She Bites It

“Time went on. Whatever happened, nothing happened, because she was so beautifully out of contact . . . Time went on as the clock does, half-past eight instead of half-past seven.”
― D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover

“Time has told me
Your're a rare, rare find
A troubled cure
For a troubled mind”
― Nick Drake

“He held out his right hand in the moonlight. From the cut on his wrist the blood was still oozing. Every few seconds a drop fell, dark, almost colourless in the dead light. Drop, drop, drop. To-morrow and to-morrow and to-morrow...
He had discovered Time and Death and God.”
― Aldous Huxley, Brave New World

“Giving your time to someone who does not it.It will kill you emotionally , kill your happiness and leaving you with regrets.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“These wheels within wheels
These leaves folded in leaves
These wheeling winds
and winding leaves
Those sprockets
from those seeds
This spiral shooting
from that rainfall-
What does a turning earth
say to its axis?
How should a melon say thanks
Or a squash utter blessings?”
― Carl Sandburg, Selected Poems

“She followed slowly and she needed time,
as though some long ascent were not yet by;
and yet: as though, when she had ceased to climb,
she would no longer merely walk, but fly.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, The Selected Poetry of Rainer Maria Rilke

“It is better to waste one’s gold than to waste one’s time, for gold can be acquired from a mine, sold, gifted, or stored in a bank. Time has no master and no shape. No rock can contain it, and nobody can own it. Time is the breath of the Goddess, the rhythm of her chest, the pulse of her beating heart.”
― Yanko Tsvetkov, Sex, Drugs and Tales of Wonder

“What is wrong, and heartbreakingly foolish and wonderfully avoidable, is to live a life with more craziness than we want because we have less Jesus than we need.”
― Kevin DeYoung, Crazy Busy: A (Mercifully) Short Book about a (Really) Big Problem

“Be patient my little wild one, wondrous things take time. A pearl is hidden before it’s refined. A diamond’s luster is dull before revealing brilliant magnificent breathtaking shine.”
― Melody Lee, Vine: Book of Poetry

“He did not use these things anymore, and yet, the thought of letting them go made him sad. He felt they represented times in his life he could not recall without their presence. They represented stories,”
― Alice Walker, Now Is the Time to Open Your Heart

“Какие пустяки, какие глупые мелочи иногда приобретают в жизни значение, вдруг ни с того ни с сего. По-прежнему смеёшься над ними, считаешь пустяками, и всё же идешь и чувствуешь, что у тебя нет сил остановиться.”
― Anton Chekhov, The Three Sisters

“The instant passed so fast, and when that happens, it goes for good and all you have is a slow lifetime to speculate on revisions. Except time flows one way and drags us with it no matter how hard we paddle upstream.”
― Charles Frazier, Varina

“Time is a healer. Time is God.”
― sadhana devi chauhan

“Time destroys, Time heals.
Time will take your happiness away,
Time will give you a reason to live.
The wind is stormy,
Tomorrow it will be placid.
Time is making things fall apart today,
But eventually time itself will create a new pathway!”
― Somya Kedia

“What if we fan the
flames of Delight
while we get to play
in the dappled sunlight
at the edge of time?”
― Julia Ostara, The Girl Who Dances With Delight

“The day your souls see their faces or smell their memories in someone else's stories, and doesn't bleed anymore. You know, you have healed.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“Being in a hurry does not slow down time.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“For some of us a war was being fought; there must have been many who had no idea what this war was, whose it was or why it was. Like some theatrical lion it roared off-stage while the actors got on with their business. And all the while the extraordinary backcloth eerily reflected the juxtapositions – that scenery in which the lush vegetable borders of the Nile ended so abruptly that you stepped from fields to desert in one pace; in which a crumbling monument might be Greek, Roman, pharaonic, medieval, Christian, Muslim; in which illiterate peasants with a life expectancy of thirty lived in shanty houses set up between the soaring columns of temples inscribed with the complex mythologies of three thousand years before. There was no chronology to the place, and no logic.”
― Penelope Lively, Moon Tiger

“Though Shakespeare and his writings did not get much value during his age, ‘time’ has aptly given him his due respect later!”
― Md. Ziaul Haque

“It seemed to him that the Square, itself the accidental masonry of many years, the chance agglomeration of time and of disrupted strivings, was the center of the universe. It was for him, in his soul's picture, the earth's pivot, the granite core of changelessness, the eternal place where all things came and passed, and yet abode forever and would never change.”
― Thomas Wolfe, Lost Boy: A Novella

“Only now that he had great swathes of time could he begin to have hobbies. This was why art was such an incalculable luxury: it sent out a message saying, "I have time to subcontract all the menial, dull chores out to others; I waste hours in idle contemplation of a piece of cloth covered in spots; I am an art lover; I am time-rich. I can mooch about in a sea of pickled sharks.”
― Hannah Mary Rothschild, The Improbability of Love

“Almas gemelas que el paso del tiempo aleja por muy cerca que estén. Y nadie sabe por qué suceden estas cosas… pero suceden. Cada día.”
― Lorena Franco, La viajera del tiempo

“Just wake up and see that all the past is only a memory. In the flow of time, all events are dissolving.”
― AdOrAbLe MiNd

“Many times, a moment can turn your soul waves to welcoming, sunny shores.
And in that moment, all you have to do is to let yourself in the arms of the Destiny, carried away of the endless time feeling, without more other searches...”
― Mirela Stancu, Contopire

“If God is omniscient, this doesn't necessarily mean that he is omnipotent, too. Omniscience is associated with future events that cannot be changed. In similar way, it is impossible to change the causal chain leading up to the emergence of these future events, while omnipotence is related to the power to change and re-arrange this causal chain itself. Now the question is whether God can have it in his power to make such a change and re-arrangement? If yes, then God would contradict himself: how can God foreknow something that will not happen because of an alteration of the causal chain leading to its occurrence at a later time? If not, God would contradict himself, too: how can God be Almighty if he cannot alter what he believed to happen at a earlier time?”
― Elmar Hussein

“A deep belief that your moment in time is the pinnacle, the only standard of judgment extending from the creation of light until the black apocalypse, that what you believe right now is eternal truth because you believe it so fervently—those deep beliefs so crucial at the moment but none of them more permanent than a puff of air across a palmful of dry talcum.”
― Charles Frazier, Varina

“When time is remote enough nobody amounts to much.”
― Charles Frazier, Varina

“Time and distance
Both illusions of the mind
No beginnings, no ends”
― Alex Z. Moores

“As it has been since the dawn of time, the light and dark are linked as one”
― Kamotsu Kamonabe, Satan's Secretary, Vol. 1

“I feel a strange connection to something infinite. In the depths of my heart, somewhere reason cannot reach, I keep wondering: why does it seem like there is something beyond time and space, waiting for me to discover it, to experience it? As if it needs me to.”
― Vatsal Surti, 20

“You don't understand what time is,' he said. 'You say the past is gone. the future is not real, there is no change, no hope. You think Anarres is a future that cannot be reached, as your past cannot be changed. So there is nothing but the present, this Urras, the rich, real, stable present, the moment now. And you think that is something which can be possessed! You envy it a little. You think it's something you would like to have. But it is not real, you know. It is not stable, not solid—nothing is. Things change, change. You cannot have anything. And least of all can you have the present, unless you accept with it the past and the future. Not only the past but also the future, not only the future but also the past! Because they are real: only their reality makes the present real. You will not achieve or even understand Urras unless you accept the reality, the enduring reality, of Anarres.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed

“Time is life! If I give you a minute of my time I'm giving you a minute of my life. Value the time I give you and make good use of it.”
― Benjamin Kofi Quansah, CGMS, CGIA

“Time is the most valuable currency that we have, and yet it is the one that we waste the most.”
― Freequill

“The historian has a habit of saying of people in the past: 'I think they may well be considered worthy of praise, allowing for the ideas of their times.' There will never be really good history until the historian says, ‘I think they were worthy of praise, allowing for the ideas of my time.”
― G.K. Chesterton, The Collected Works of G.K. Chesterton Volume 33: The Illustrated London News 1923-1925

“I've lost you again, Time. I will never win this game of hide and seek.”
― Silvia Ardor

“Time is an illusion, say the scientists. It is molecular, it is bendable or liquid, it is soldered metal; or it is droplets of memory. I imagine it looks like mercury, silver and elusive...Burn all the clocks. I am free.”
― Yrsa Daley-Ward, The Terrible: A Storyteller's Memoir

“Solving some problems requires less than half the energy or time it took to complain about them.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Sunday owes its existence to the other days in the week.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Time doesn’t change things. It’s how we use our time that makes the difference.”
― Richie Norton

“Who among us dares to assert that our memories are not tainted by time, sweetest poison and bitterest antidote, untrustworthy ally, and reliable annihilator?”
― Yiyun Li, Dear Friend, from My Life I Write to You in Your Life

“What do you say that we forget the past, forget all that we have been before, forget the future even, and we simply look to the here and now? Isn't that all we ever have in the end?”
― Melany Stone, Strands of Time: Forgotten Shores

“We would rarely waste time if it were earned.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Does it really take a full 9–5 to get our tasks done? Or … do we just “push paper,” masquerading as being productive while we are merely just running down the clock?”
― Richie Norton

“To kill time - an English phrase that still chills me: time can be killed but only by frivolous matters and purposeless activities. No one thinks of suicide as a courageous endeavor to kill time.”
― Yiyun Li, Dear Friend, from My Life I Write to You in Your Life

“I’ve realized people can live in a world they’ve personally constructed through a distorted lens of guilt and shame, whether they deserve it or not.”
― Kristy McMorlan, Treasures in the Trash

“Time will tell, sweetheart.”
― Shiv Sangal, Sarita

“Time is flowing away just like sand in hand.”
― Shiv Sangal, Sarita

“The job of a dream is to set you free.”
― Richie Norton

“I don't think the human mind can comprehend the past and the future. They are both just illusions that can manipulate you into thinking there's some kind of change.”
― Bob Dylan

“If we think a magic fairy named “time” is finally going to make all things right in the world, we’re dreaming.”
― Richie Norton

“You are what you do, so you have to do what you want to be. We are how we spend our time.

If you want to be super good at texting and watching Netflix, you should text and watch Netflix all day—'cause you'll get really good at it.

If, in your dreams, you would rather be good at something else, then you should spend your time doing that thing. Don't wait for it to come to you.

You are how you spend your time.”
― Ian Rogers

“Dream up ways to allow your freedom to not be anchored to a job.”
― Richie Norton

“Perhaps I can never go back and say what I should have. Perhaps I can never look forward and tell myself I'll be something specific. Perhaps I can just let the hands of time and the hands of God create a path for me from the decisions I've made. Or, is it, that only death is absolute when God is the only thing in control of time?”
― K. Weikel, Stop

“In order to minimize regret, maximize your respect of time and it’s limitations.”
― Jonathan Heimberg

“Time is only one which never stop for anyone”
― Manjinder Singh

“There, I was hit again with a feeling I'd had rather frequently as of late. Deep in the night, or even in broad daylight, a sense of the transitory would abruptly arise, shocking me, slapping my clueless self with the truth of my own age and how much time had already passed, and so suddenly too, it seemed. It would hit hard. And it made me want to keep hold of everything and to toss it away. How could you even talk about that? What were the words for it? I just didn't know where it all went and how it went that fast. What we lost over a lifetime seemed so great.”
― Deb Caletti, The Secrets She Keeps

“We are swept on by the torrent of things grown so familiar that they cast no shadow. We float, we float...”
― Virginia Woolf, The Waves

“Time, which is a sunny pasture covered with a dancing light, time, which is wide-spread as a field at midday, becomes pendant. Time tapers to a point. As a drop falls from a glass heavy with some sediment, time falls. These are the true cycles, these are the true events.”
― Virginia Woolf, The Waves

“Altogether, the task of estimating the lenght of human life is beyond our capacity, for directly we say that it is ages long, we are reminded that it is briefer than the fall of a rose leaf to the ground.”
― Virginia Woolf, Orlando

“The other day, I happened to walk through it. I had a strange sensation. Not that time had passed, but that another me, a twin, was prowling around there -- down to the smallest detail, and until the end of time -- through what I had experienced over a very short period.”
― Patrick Modiano, L'Herbe des nuits

“We crave someone to love, chase someone to hate, and demand someone else decide who receives which fate.”
― Ross Caligiuri

“if "now" is said, it would instantly be in the past.”
― Nabil N. Jamal, The Second Harvest

“Once "now" is said, it's already in the past.”
― Nabil N. Jamal

“Make time while you can take time cause time will soon take it all away.”
― Richie Norton

“Be the ‘I’ and ‘I’m’ In Time”
― Richie Norton

“It may seem strange, falling in love with someone because of a gesture, but sometimes you can read an entire person in a single moment. The way you study a grain of sand and understand the universe. Love at first sight might or might not be a thing, but love in a single moment is.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“Time heals everything, that’s what everyone says. Wounds heal and leave only scars behind. But some wounds run too deep to heal, and pierce the deepest layers of one’s soul. They stay there unhealed and ready to ooze blood at the first sign of grief.”
― Neena H. Brar, Tied to Deceit

“We teach our child many things I don’t believe in, and almost nothing I do believe in. We teach punctuality, particularly if the enforcement of it disturbs the peace. My father taught me, by example, that the greatest defeat in life was to miss a train. Only after many years did I learn that an escaping train carries away with it nothing vital to my health. Railroad trains are such magnificent objects we commonly mistake them for Destiny.”
― E.B. White, One Man's Meat

“You cannot continue to hate someone without repeatedly wasting, on them, some of your precious time and mental energy.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Goodbye forever" is the perfect joke, because forever is impossible. Every night I say it, and every morning I see my father again. Forever is meaningless. Tough talk, an empty threat. Forever is our secret handshake. Our code word. Our decoder ring. Not a measurement of time at all. I know this because "Goodbye Forever" comes easily. The passage of actual time is much more difficult.”
― Joey Comeau, Malagash

“When I was young I lived a constant storm,
Though now and then the brilliant suns shot through,
So in my garden few red fruits were born,
The rain and thunder had so much to do.

- The Enemy”
― Charles Baudelaire, Les Fleurs du Mal

“When the time draws close the buzzing of the bees will be continuous.”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“The Latin word finis has two meanings: the end or the finish, and a goal to reach. A man who could not see the end of his "provisional existence" was not able to aim at an ultimate goal in life. He ceased living for the future, in contrast to a man in normal life. Therefore the whole structure of his inner life changed; signs of decay set in which we know from other areas of life. The unemployed worker, for example, is in a similar position. His existence has become provisional and in a certain sense he cannot live for the future or aim at a goal. Research work done on unemployed miners has shown that they suffer from a peculiar sort of deformed time-inner time- which is a result of their unemployed state. Prisoners, too, suffered from this strange "time-experience." In camp, a small time unit, a day, for example, filled with hourly tortures and fatigue, appeared endless. A larger time unit, perhaps a week, seemed to pass very quickly. My comrades agreed when I said that in a camp a day lasted longer than a week.”
― Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning

“When I was shooting with collodion, I wasn’t just snapping a picture. I was fashioning, with fetishistic ceremony, an object whose ragged black edges gave it the appearance of having been torn from time itself.”
― Sally Mann, Hold Still: A Memoir with Photographs

“...that double-headed monster of damnation and salvation—Time.”
― Samuel Beckett, Proust

“I wish I could've
done for you what
time has.”
― J. Andrew Schrecker, Post-Millennium Rhapsody

“If you want to be useful, don't waste time on that which is useless.”
― Gift Gugu Mona

“You stopped out of fear, or the subconscious assumption that you are immortal, that there will always be time. You promised yourself; Later.”
― Dr Salma Farook, What Your Soul Already Knows

“كان ينبغي لي أن أمتنع. كان ينبغي لي أن أصمت. كان ينبغي لي أن لا أكتفي. أن أقول نعم على مضض. أن أردّد شكراً. وأتمتمها مطولاً. أن لا أحدّق في وجهك طويلاً. أن أدير وجهي بسرعة. أن أرتشف قهوتي ببطأ. أن أنظر داخل الفنجان. وأن أنده "ولكن".
كان ينبغي لي كل هذا كي أحبك. وكي أذهب الى ليلك بقلبٍ صاخب وجسدٍ يرقص، كان ينبغي لي أيضاً أن أعيد ترتيب الوقت على طريقتي.”
― Malak El Halabi

“And speaking of evolution, can we imagine the origin and stepping stones and rejected mutations of Time? Has there ever been a “primitive” form of Time in which, say, the Past was not yet clearly differentiated from the Present, so that past shadows and shapes showed through the still soft, long, larval “now”?”
― Vladimir Nabokov, Ada, or Ardor: A Family Chronicle

“Night has fallen. And it will last for a very long time.”
― Jake Halpern, Nightfall

“What had Old Joe Hunt answered when I knowingly claimed that history was the lies of the victors? “As long as you remember that it is also the self-delusions of the defeated.” Do we remember that enough when it comes to our private lives?”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“She had nothing to wish otherwise, but that the days did not pass so swiftly.”
― Jane Austen, Emma

“Time has a funny way of helping us come to terms with any event, no matter how horrible.”
― Marie McWilliams, Broken Mirrors

“They grow up so quickly, don’t they?” when all you really mean is: time goes faster for me nowadays.”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“They grow up so quickly, don’t they?” when all you really mean is: time goes faster for me nowadays. Margaret’s”
― Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending

“She was the stars and the heavens and the oceans. There was nothing but that single fragment of time, and this bud of love we had planted inside it. And then, at some point after it started, the kiss ended, and I stroked her hair, and the church bells rang in the distance and everything in the world was in alignment.”
― Matt Haig, How To Stop Time

“8I ricordi veramente belli continuano a vivere e a splendere per sempre, pulsando dolorosamente assieme al tempo che passa.”
― Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen

“Take time to feed your soul and keep the mind-body-spirit connection strong.”
― Dee Waldeck

“The strata of time will usually be buried above the foundation of bedrock.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“You should not sorrow for that which was bound to happen. Those who are wise do not feel sorry over fate. Even with the greatest wisdom, that which is ordained will happen. No one can transgress the path that has been laid down. Time brings existence and non-existence, pleasure and pain. Time creates all elements and time destroys all beings. Time burns all subjects and it is time that extinguishes the fire. Time alone is awake when everything is asleep. Time cannot be conquered. Time walks in all elements, pervasive and impartial. Knowing that everything, past, present and future, is created by time, it is not appropriate that you should be consumed by grief.”
― Krishna-Dwaipayana Vyasa, The Mahabharata

“São econômicos na preservação de seu patrimônio, mas desperdiçam o tempo, a única coisa que justificaria a avareza.”
― Seneca, On the Shortness of Life

“If you want to know how valuable you are in life, spend your valuable time doing what adds value.”
― Gift Gugu Mona

“Yes, change can be scary, and yes change takes time, but with a firm foundation of positive life change in place, all possibilities and hopes can turn your life in a positive direction.”
― Dee Waldeck

“If you knew how much time you had, you would be 100% following your soul's calling...and it would definitely manifest!”
― Jaclyn Johnston

“This is time for us. Memory. A nostalgia. The pain of absence. But it isn't absence that causes sorrow. It is affection and love. Without affection, without love, such absences would cause us no pain.
For this reason, even the pain caused by absence is in the end something good and even beautiful. Because it feeds on that which gives meaning to life.”
― Carlo Rovelli, L'ordine del tempo

“One of the many reasons why gardens are increasingly precious to us in this day and age is that they help us to escape from the tyranny of speed. Our skies are streaked with jets, our roads have turned to race-tracks, and in the cities the crowds rush to and fro as though the devil were at their heels. But as soon as we open the garden gate, Time seems almost to stand still, slowing down to the gentle ticking of the Clock of the Universe.”
― Beverley Nichols, Forty Favourite Flowers

“Life = Time allotted to us!
Let's not waste it on hatred,jealousy,anger!”
― Gunjan Bugde

“Not money, Not skills, but Time is the biggest lever for massive wealth creation”
― Manoj Arora, The Autobiography Of A Stock

“Monotony is the most beautiful or the most atrocious thing. The most beautiful if it is a reflection of eternity--the most atrocious if it is the sign of an unvarying perpetuity. It is time surpassed or time sterilized.”
― Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace

“Considering the general context of the flow of time, it is very disappointing that human life lasts such a short time.”
― Eraldo Banovac

“Time shall show us. The post of honour and the post of shame, the general's station and the drummer's, a peer's statue in Westminster Abbey and a seaman's hammock in the bosom of the deep, the mitre and the workhouse, the woolsack and the gallows, the throne and the guillotine - the travellers to all are on the great high road; but it has wonderful divergences, and only Time shall show us whither each traveller is bound.”
― Charles Dickens, Little Dorrit

“Live a little or die a lot. The choice is hours.”
― Anthony Liccione

“Getting to know experienced people is the best leisure time you can have.”
― Mahrukh Memon

“Pain, indeed, makes the time seem to go on very slowly; an hour seems like a day and a day like a week.”
― Timothy Rogers, Trouble of Mind and the Disease of Melancholy

“Make time to relax, you are legally entitled to take a break, so what’s stopping you?”
― Dee Waldeck

“When the moon is at its best and the sun at its worst, you have a hard time finding where's the nest and where's the bird!”
― Shweta Tale

“+ It's a small fraction of world population - about 0.000000303 percent - but it seems like plenty to you.
+ You begin to complain about all the people you could be meeting. But one one listens or symphathizes with you, because this is what you chose when you where alive.
+ You choice to slide down the intelligence ladder is irreversible.
+ Sometimes we listen and pay attention to the plot of the dream. More often we talk among ourselves and wait for our shift to end.
+ Much of your existence took place in the eyes, ears, and fingertips of others. The mirrors are held up in front of you.”
― Eagleman David

“She: Why do I feel this deep pain in my heart?
He: It is natural for a human being to feel the pain of a broken heart!
She: Will I ever come out of this pain?
He: Absolutely yes!
She: Are you sure?
He: Yes! Be patient! Time will one fine day mend your broken heart!”
― Avijeet Das

“She: Why do I feel this deep pain in my heart?
He: It is natural for a human being to feel the pain of a broken heart!
She: Will I ever come out of this pain?
He Absolutely yes!
She: Are you sure?
He: Yes! Be patient! One fine day time will mend your broken heart!”
― Avijeet Das

“one must not borrow a long white beard and tie it on
and threaten with the scythe of time the casually curious”
― Marianne Moore, Complete Poems

“Time was, time will be again.”
― Ian McDonald, Time Was

“Space is cold and stiff, but Time is alive. Space divides, but Time brings everything to everything else. It does not course outside of you and you do not swim upon it like a drifting log. Time flows through you: you yourself are in flow. You are the river. Are you grieving? Trust Time: soon you will be laughing. Are you laughing? You cannot hold fast your laughing, for soon you will be weeping. You are blown from mood to mood, from one state to another, from waking to sleeping and from sleeping again to waking. You cannot go on wandering for long. You come to a halt, you are tired, you are hungry, you must sit down, you eat, you stand again, you begin anew to wander. You suffer: from the distance unattainable, you glimpse the Deed which you long. But the stream is constantly moving you and one morning the hour of action has arrived. You are a child, and never (so you think) will you escape the helplessness of childhood, which locks you into four windowless walls. But look: your wall itself movable and yielding, and your whole being becomes re-fashioned into a youth. From within yourself there rise hidden springs that leap up to yourself. Posibilities open up before you like flowers, and one day the world has grown all around you. Softly, Time transports you from one curve to another. New vistas and horizons unfold at your side as you pass by. You begin to love the change: you've discovered an extraordinary adventure is afoot. You sense a direction, you feel a new impulse, you can smell the sea. And you see that what changes in you changes also in everything around you. Every point you hurriedly pass by is itself in movement. Every point is being whirled in some direction: its own long history is following its course: but each point knows the ending of its history no more than you know that of yours. You glance up to heaven, Sublime is the rotation of its suns, but these are each heavily laden with their planetary systems as with grapes, and they dash away from one another into already-prepared distances and unfathomable spaces. You smash atoms and they swarm about in more confusion that if you had stamped your foot on an anthill. You seek a mainstay and a temperament law in the temperate mid-region of our earth, but here, too, there is nothing but constant event changing history, and no one can forecast for you even next week's clouds.”
― Hans Urs Von Balthasar

“Its proved by time , that if you ever add a EGO in any relation, suddenly that relation will disappear form your life for forever.”
― Yaganesh Derasari

“Peter has learned the difficult animal skill of doing nothing. He's learned to unshackle himself of the race of time and contemplate time itself. [..] It's a lesson hard learned, just to sit there and be.”
― Yann Martel, The High Mountains of Portugal

“Every leaf that taps against the attic window, every thorn that nestles against the bricks, is part of a barrier that keeps the twentieth century at bay. I have always taken a dim view of the twentieth century, so that I consider this to be a laudable amibition.”
― Beverley Nichols, Merry Hall

“But time is a cruel mistress, and it was not until much years later that she would learn the truth: that there is no such thing as salvation, an escape is only ever an illusion conjured up by the hopeful.”
― George Mann, The Executioner's Heart

“All these openings for closeness--all these humans with their disappointments and their desperate hearts, but it's so much easier, so convenient, to blame emotional distance on a lack of time.”
― Courtney Maum, Touch

“Centuries telescoped into one evanescent moment. History was wrong-footed, caught off guard. Sloughed off like an old snakeskin. Its marks, its scars, its wounds from old wars and the walking backwards days all fell away. In its absence it left an aura, a palpable shimmering that was as plain to see as the water in a river or the sun in the sky. As plain to feel as the heat on a hot day, or the tug of a fish on a taut line. So obvious that no one noticed.”
― Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things

“If the old generation is weak-spirited, while the young generation is smooth-tongued, it means that it is not case that you are in the right place at the right time with the right people-- you can hardly do something significant in this social spatio-temporal continuum.”
― Elmar Hussein

“Time tends to pass you by more quickly when you take no notice of it, my dear. In that, it's remarkably similar to most women I know.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker

“Sun benches at the curb bespeak
another season, truncated poplars
that having served for shade
served also later for the fire.”
― William Carlos Williams, Selected Poems

“There's a reason we live in time. We are too small a flask [...] to tolerate too much knowing. Instead, truth must drip through us as through a pipette, to allow only moments of apprehension. Moments diffuse and miniature enough to be survived.”
― Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz

“If you knew how much time you had, you would be 100% following your soul's calling...and it would definitely manifest!”
― Jaclyn Nicole Johnston

“Take a break from the stresses of life and use that time to rediscover the important things that matter to you most. We all deserve an anti-stress day to recharge our batteries.”
― Dee Waldeck

“It was not Hansu that she missed, or even Isak. What she was seeing again in her dreams was her youth, her beginning, and her wishes--so this is how she became a woman.”
― Min Jin Lee, Pachinko

“It's just a memory of another time and place. Memories can't hurt anyone, unless they are shared.”
― Alice Feeney, Sometimes I Lie

“But man postpones or remembers; he does not live in the present, but with reverted eye laments the past, or, heedless of the riches that surround him, stands on tiptoe to foresee the future. He cannot be happy and strong until he too lives with nature in the present, above time.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance

“A true romance is not something that happens between the skins. It is something that burns our souls beautifully and leaves us craving to be destroyed even more.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“To feel that empty, again, again. I listen to my heart, wave upon wave, salty and red, continuing on and on, marking time.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale

“Life is greater than time.”
― Tom Sweterlitsch, The Gone World

“Trauma is a time traveller, an ouroboros that reaches back and devours everything that came before.”
― Junot Díaz

“This thing I'm doing can hardly be called living. Instead I'm lying dormant, like a bacterium in a glacier. Getting time over with. That's all.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood

“Time says “Let there be”
every moment and instantly
there is space and the radiance
of each bright galaxy.

And eyes beholding radiance.
And the gnats’ flickering dance.
And the seas’ expanse.
And death, and chance.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin

“Så snart man fødes begynder sandet at løbe.”
― Lisa Halliday, Asymmetry

“It's all about Time, Demand & Change; So be the Demand with Change in Time.”
― Avikalp Chaudhary

“Voglio solo dire che mi manca quel periodo, quello in mezzo. Quando inizi ad accorgerti di quanto tempo è passato, ma non ti chiedi ancora quanto ne resta.
Cioè quello in cui le persone a cui tieni non hanno iniziato a morire.”
― Eleonora C. Caruso, Le ferite originali

“He’d scorned the Earth, but she kept spinning anyway.”
― Laurie Perez, The Power of Amie Martine

“Parla abbastanza a lungo con qualcuno e tirerà fuori la storia del tempo.
Ma il tempo non guarisce veramente le ferite, non allontana affatto il dolore - fa il contrario. Il tempo dà altro tempo alla ferita d'infettarsi e dà a noi il tempo di tornare sui luoghi di quel dolore.
È come l'infanzia, in fondo. Si dice che si cresce, ci si lasciano alle spalle certe cose, ma non è così: l'infanzia cresce insieme a noi, ce la portiamo avanti. Viviamo e non facciamo altro che rivivere quelle paure e quei piaceri, quelle scoperte e quegli abbandoni. Specialmente quegli abbandoni. Veniamo abbandonati, delusi, traditi dalle stesse persone per anni - per sempre.
Allora a che serve dire che è passato del tempo?
In che modo dovrebbe aiutarci?”
― Eleonora C. Caruso, Le ferite originali

“I lose the grip of time when I search for its delusional existence.”
― Yash Thakur

“<>
<>”
― Eleonora C. Caruso, Le ferite originali

“For a long time I have been fascinated by the idea that the world, as I experience it, only exists in my mind. It is the sum of the sensory inputs made real by my brain and experienced by my mind. Your world is entirely different.”
― James Souze, Shoal: A Thanet Writers Anthology

“Time matters; it was part of the original good creation. Though it may well itself be transformed in ways we cannot at present even begin to imagine, we should not allow ourselves to be seduced by the language of eternity (as in the phrase 'eternal life,' which in the New Testament regularly refers not to a nontemporal future existence but to 'the life of the coming age') into imagining, as one old song puts it, that 'time shall be no more.' No: 'the old field of space, time, matter and the senses is to be weeded, dug, and sown for a new crop. We may be tired of that old field: God is not.”
― N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church

“Time is the essence of words.”
― Deyth Banger, Brain on Porn

“If you start killing time, in the end time will kill you.”
― Deyth Banger, Brain on Porn

“Sometimes I just sit outside of my house in the middle of the night. I just sit. Maybe I’ll even grab a smoke or two before entering again.”
― Sofie Sonn

“Time sometimes becomes very merciless, heartless -- it switches off the brightness of the eyes that you once loved.”
― Elmar Hussein

“She had learned, long ago and in the intervening years when she was apart from all she loved, that to endure the most troubling times she had to break down time itself--one carefully crafted stitch after the other. If consideration of what the next hour might hold had been too difficult, then she thought only of another half and hour.”
― Jacqueline Winspear, In This Grave Hour

“Time is always chipping away at our dreams. At the moment of death loss becomes complete.”
― Marty Rubin

“Rami - Why do we have time and times passage?
Dayah - In this material realm you have been counting and keeping track of the number of turns your beloved little planet takes around it's star calling these circulating passages names like 'days' 'months' or 'years'.

You have numerically segmented down these 'days' into units such as 'seconds' 'minutes' or 'hours'.
And there you have it! You have created what you think of as 'time'.

But please remember beloved One. It is you mortals who created this concept of 'time' and 'time' is much smaller than you are.

You are limitless. This dear beloved little planet is merely spinning 'round and 'round through the Infinity of the Divine Oneness of which you are the microcosm.”
― Leland Lewis, Angelic Tales of The Universe. Tale 1. The Ancient Woman, The Secret Cave

“Your heart cannot feel
Nothing it cannot heal.
If you keep yourself still,
Steal no time it's no real!”
― Ana Claudia Antunes, The Witches Of Avignon

“Think twice and cut once."

- Lie...

...

So

..

Cut 1000 ways and think zero times.”
― Deyth Banger

“I don't know how long all of that lasted because time was like rubber, it stretched out like a long, long elastic rope or a huge piece of chewing gum. Then it snapped shut into a tiny black square and I passed out.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood

“On the forever days in the forever dark, Eli’s voice had held Adrian together.”
― John Hart, Redemption Road

“Einmal ist keinmal. What happens but once might as well not have happened at all. The history of the Czechs will not be repeated, nor will the history of Europe. The history of the Czechs and of Europe is a pair of sketches from the pen of mankind's fateful inexperience, unbearably light, light as a feather, as dust swirling into the air, as whatever will no longer exist tomorrow.”
― Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being

“We'll let time knit these gentle ties between us.”
― Molière, The Misanthrope

“Malachite eyes sparkled, pale green in the light of the setting sun.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“I think you loved me
And I loved you
But we never really did

At the same time.”
― Dawn Lanuza, The Last Time I'll Write About You

“We do not lack devices for measuring these miserable days of ours, in which it should be our pleasure that they be not frittered away without leaving behind any memory of ourselves in the mind of men.”
― Leonardo da Vinci

“Deep in infatuation
I saw all things rosy
Oh the thrill, the excitement,
the new-found energy,
and the bounce in my steps

How so easy to make myself believe
That I was in love! True love!

From where came this jealousy?
This anger? This bitterness?
My loved one is hurting me
I told myself repeatedly.

Days passed. My negativity grew
They need to pay for toying with me
I swore
Prayers for justice
Curses to make them realise what they lost
I saw all things black
Found solace in quotes about Karma...

From where came this calm?
This blissful indifference?
I don't know. I don't care.
All I want to say is: thank you, Time.”
― Sowmya Thejomoorthy

“Time drags. Time is a monster with a neck bloated with blood.”
― Maryse Condé, Heremakhonon

“Karma’s not a bitch. She’s a whore, acting like I’ve stolen her pimp.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“And that was the thing, wasn’t it? When life rode on its highs, you wanted it to go on forever. But in the depths of the invariable dives, you’d be happy to be put out of your misery, because whatever awaited beyond this life had to be better than this shit on Earth.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“You basically get paid according to the amount of time you invest.”
― Yohann Dafeu

“Time? Time? Why worry about something that takes care of itself so well? You were born with the habit of consuming time. Be satisfied with that.”
― William Faulkner, Mosquitoes

“The past may not last, but it leaves behind endless scars.”
― Priyaanshu

“Никой още не е измислил противогаз и бомбоубежище срещу времето.”
― Георги Господинов, Физика на тъгата

“In the age of social media, there is no such thing as "just an ordinary human being." Every time you post in social media, you harness the power to speak across time, place, and race. And that makes you extraordinary.”
― Psyche Roxas-Mendoza

“Holston could feel the vibrations in the railing, which was worn down to the gleaming metal. That always amazed him: how centuries of bare palms and shuffling feet could wear down solid steel. One molecule at a time, he supposed. Each life might wear away a single layer, even as the silo wore away that life.”
― Hugh Howey, Wool Omnibus

“He was unrelenting, unmerciful, and singularly focused. Nothing stood in his way or hindered his journey. Until his end itself.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“I can’t imagine living in a different time,” Estelle said. “Not in the future, and certainly not in the past. Can you?”
― Rachel Ingalls, Mrs. Caliban

“Conditional happiness, to a considerable extent, depends on the chance to meet a highly desirable person in the right place at the right moment. If this is not the case, it means that either too early, or too late for you to be happy -- your time, for this mission, has not yet come, or it has already passed away.”
― Elmar Hussein

“We are not using time, time is using us. So let's sagely enjoy it before it completely consumes us.”
― Yohann Dafeu

“His stance, with hands tucked into blue jeans, held nothing casual about it. More than powerful, he seemed menacing, even. He turned to her with an arched brow, like a being from Olympus, curious about a mere mortal’s next move. Currents of fear sped up and down her spine, futilely searching for a place to cower.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“They gobbled the shrimp dumplings. From the first time they’d seen the sheer size of the meat through the translucent wrapper, they’d taken vows to be regulars. The pork sui mai was the next to be devoured. They savored in silence, except for the slurping of the stir-fried clams in black-bean sauce.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“School the sum of 12 years of productivity which have went in state of getting lost.”
― Deyth Banger

“He was a sharpshooter like that. Bullet straight to the heart.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“As still and clear as glass, the water seemed to exist solely to mirror the sunset. The wind changed course in the sky, causing wave-like ripples up there. The whole world seemed covered in gold, slate, and cloud, very distinct and separate in places, obscure and entangled in others.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“I find that romance is for readers. I want adventures; they are for the living.”
― Moryah DeMott, Timeless

“Abuse could be a slope as slick as ice after a shower of freezing rain.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“From time to time, Marvel enjoyed imagining himself from the vantage point of history, which stretches onward until the morality of events is winnowed until it appears to be fate—one action begetting the next and so on. Progress. This was the place where treachery and failure transformed themselves. What once seemed terrible could become courageous if given enough time. Marvel imagined that one day his sins might be tallied as virtues, that time could render him honorable, as he knew himself to be.”
― Julia Whicker, Wonderblood

“-A mund të shlyhet e kalumja?
-Unë mendoj që po. Çdo varr mund të shërohet, nëqoftëse njeriu gjen barin përkatës.”
― Rexhai Surroi, Besniku

“-A mund të shlyhet e kalumja?
-Unë mendoj që po. Çdo varrë mund të shërohet, nëqoftëse njeriu gjen barin përkatës.”
― Rexhai Surroi, Besniku

“Antique Foundation

Here I built the ruin in
My voice on either side of me
In the temple the ocean could
Not be a crowd I mined
The shore with fog the sun dries
These bricks I built the vision in
The cinder block that is the city
Wall this grave
Tone I speak with a picture
Of myself in my wallet


•


Don’t be fooled by grass and these words
Grass whispers
Because they are real they are
Ruinous Here, the gossip is in the dust
Not the sea cloud enters the open
Child’s window dimming the silver
Flute’s sheen Where is he
Who hears inside the brick those notes?
There is a rumor in the city we’ll exist
If he plays his song no one knows


•


Follow that shadow don’t tell me it’s mine
Here there is no being alone
Here are my hands which tore the leaves so
Quietly in the temple the god
Emerging from marble points at the chisel
At the base of his stone Did I tell you
Where I’m going? To the old man
Who sings the margin
Where on wave-tip swords turn edge over edge
Wound us and the shore with foam


•


My face on either side of my face I tore
My picture in half to show the gate
You must climb inside your breath to leave
As fog the wind will bear you—
If you’re lovely—away In the spare clouds
The children’s chorus Do you hear?—
Where were you, and where are you going?
Here I built the ruin in the stone-crushed
Sage leaves my hands scented as long ago
When I liked to press the desert against my head to think”
― Dan Beachy-Quick

“Despite its ferocious name, or perhaps because of it, it was the head of the pack of six bars in town. The sweet smell of cider and dank cigarette smoke wafted up her nostrils. Better than Lucy’s sweaty armpits at Emberswick Bar & Grill.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“The language of a river inscribes
over eyes of moths and flies
the navel of the land is a lake.”
― Sneha Subramanian Kanta, Synecdoche

“They each raised their glasses from the puddles on the table, and clinked them together in celebration. They weren't sure what they were celebrating, but more than anything it felt like they were celebrating that exact moment in time and all of the incredible events that had to take place for it to have existed in time at all.”
― Mandy Ashcraft, Small Orange Fruit

“Maybe time is like that insect," Blink said, "trapped beneath the crystal of your watch.”
― Brian Selznick, The Marvels

“And so, Anaya's story begins with her last thought. Would I have done this if I had any option but the grave?”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“The vibrant matte amethyst dial made the gleaming hour and minute markers seem to come alive. The long, thick hands were fragile, yet ceaselessly ticking by, like life itself. Countless hours must have been invested in the bezel, meticulously hashed all the way around. The tachymeter claimed prominence as if asserting that distance travelled over time should be of paramount importance. Never had the sheer pace and inevitability of time been better captured in an object.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“Death can’t be cheated, but there are endless ways that life can be lived.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“You were right, Barry...Every second was a gift.”
― Geoff Johns, DC Universe: Rebirth #1

“Even a broken watch is correct twice a day.”
― Brian Selznick, The Marvels

“She watched him from afar and gave him the time and space to travel the emotional rollercoaster, commencing at stunned, progressing to upset and lurking at angry. Then he brooded and grieved for the end of his life as he knew it.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“Regrets, it seems, are easy to realise when you're dying.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“Stop thinking in the box... it's time to think out of the box.”
― Deyth Banger, Brain on Porn

“But what if, after one small change, her life would become much worse than it was? Or unthinkable disasters result from a single step off her path?”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“The years passed and with her days, nothing was expensive”
― Wayfarer

“Silvery is the mirror of time
If you look at it with mind unruffled
Each experience made you stronger
Each defeat made you enamelled”
― Neelam Saxena Chandra

“People drink democracy in a glass of tea

but night falls, again.”
― Sneha Subramanian Kanta, Synecdoche

“People drink democracy in a glass of tea
but night falls, again.”
― Sneha Subramanian Kanta, Synecdoche

“But of course, in one sense, Dean never died - his existence is superior to such accidents. One must have heroes, which is to say, one must create them. And they become real through our envy, our devotion. It is we who give them their majesty, their power, which ourselves could never possess. And in turn, they give some back. But they are mortal, these heroes, just as we are. They do not last forever. They fade. They vanish. They are surpassed, forgotten - one hears of them no more.”
― James Salter, A Sport and a Pastime

“She has told me everything," Wen went on. "I know that time was made for men, not the other way around. I have learned how to shape it and bend it. I know how to make a moment last forever, because it already has. And I can teach these skills even to you, Clodpool. I have heard the heartbeat of the universe. I know the answers to many questions. Ask me."

The apprentice gave him a bleary look. It was too early in the morning for it to be early int he morning. That was hte only thing that he currently knew for sure.

"Er...what does master want for breakfast?" he said.

Wen looked down from their camp, and across the snowfields and purple mountains to the golden daylight creating the world, and mused upon certain aspects of humanity.

"Ah," he said. "One of the /difficult/ ones.”
― Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time

“Nothing ends, Adrian. Nothing ever ends.”
― Geoff Johns, DC Universe: Rebirth, Omnibus

“Anaya sensed her opportunity and stole a moment to take in what Emberswick looked like in her teens. Still an engineering town, with a heap of lumber mills to show for it. It had been systematically envisioned and built around lush, small woods and pretty, little parks, spotted with bubbling fountains. A charming place to live, with a pleasant pace of life, and the people were just as engaging.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“The words and phrases had so much more gravitas in her adult mind. She felt a sharp pang of guilt as she realized the extent of what she hadn’t been aware of, and how little compassion she’d had as an actual teen.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“How readily we crush our dreams, without even turning over the first stone, so willing to be the victims of circumstance! She felt utterly miserable on behalf of all the teenagers the world over and allowed herself a few minutes more self-pity for the life she’d wasted, and the ones so many more would throw away. Doing as you pleased at this age, without seeking the help and advice of those qualified to give it, equaled marching into a minefield.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“Fueled by rage at God, or whoever else came up with the preposterous concept of free will, Anaya turned more corners. My challenges were cruel to the core. With so many choices to make in life, the line was hair-thin between success and failure, having money or being broke, being loved or hated, alive or dead.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“The day she was going to tell her aunts about the boy she had met.
She had come home, having forgotten it was her birthday. Time was both important and irrelevant in the woods; stars marked seasonal changes, the moon waxed and waned, the solstices were strictly observed... but normal days and weeks and months weren't.”
― Liz Braswell, Once Upon a Dream

“Her regularly squared and french-tipped nails were dangerously chipped and jagged, and she touched her platinum hair so often that it had started to look like the kinked bristles of an overused toothbrush.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“The stained-glass window on the front door shatters into tiny pieces behind her as it slams shut when he gets to it at last. It sounds like a musical cadence, heightening some eerie psycho movie score.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“And then they came upon it. It was painted in the most cat-retch shade of beige you ever beheld.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“A red carpet and red rope stanchion sets demarcated a runway and seating areas. Silhouettes of prominent action heroes posing on silver and gold LED blocks illuminated the whole area. Black silk covered tables and chairs, with centerpieces of colossal martini glasses containing glowing ice cubes.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“Anaya inhaled the rich scent of soil, along with the sharp, citric smell of thriving vegetation and the sweetness of fresh dew. Her eyes drifted shut and she pricked up her ears, the gushing sound of the nearby waterfalls enveloping her.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“Abstract white cirrus clouds streaked across the sky. The cool breeze rustled the leaves in the trees and disturbed the ones settled on the ground. Anaya couldn’t help but see a metaphor in that.”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“I once took all my journals
from 3 years and burned them
in a fire. Alone,
watching the past disintegrate
reminded me of life and time. The present
is all I had. Time slowly burning
away each moment.”
― Eric Overby, Journey

“If you could go back in time and redo one thing in your life, what would it be?”
― G. M. T. Schuilling, The Watchmaker's Doctor

“When they invented the car they invented the collision and the darkness of what time leads the willing body to do.”
― David Wojnarowicz, Close to the Knives: A Memoir of Disintegration

“Time never touched you. It touched me and then I seemed to regret everything. Your hair in my face, eyes in my mind, a darkness I found in you. But you don’t regret. You hold within. You feel in memory because love lost is still a love once had. You remember passion, conversations over dinner, moments interwoven before each other. We die to live, not die to cry over memories which don’t last our expected timeframe.”
― Dominic Riccitello

“Parent time is magic: downtempo and supersonic all at once, witch’s time, sorcerer hours. Suddenly, while you aren’t paying attention, everything’s changed.”
― Laurie Frankel, This is How It Always Is

“The monster inside him was finally silent. The sword in his hand spoke a thousand stories, while hundreds of voices screamed feebly through the blood dripping from it. The blade of the sword shined like an evening sky and sang a tale of the darkest revenge.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“Planning ahead can be tough but start with a daily work plan,then you move to weekly,monthly and boom yearly. Get organized, have order,money likes order...”
― Tare Munzara

“We’re meant for each other for a moment, but no one knows how long the moment lasts except the moment itself.”
― Dominic Riccitello

“Eternity is awful long time, especially towards the end.”
― Woody Allen

“Ah, Time.
Nobody knows better than a portrait artist that time marks us, it nicks us up and leaves us looking used, like a well-traveled suitcase or a favourite book.”
― Jordan Weisman, Cathy's Key

“The Moment is an inch long and a mile deep.”
― J. Earp

“It occurred to her, watching him move through the crowd, that time, in some ways, had nothing to do with how you thought of someone. And she did not know how that was possible because time was, she thought, how you defined yourself. It was what made you and what finished you as well.”
― Paul Yoon, Once the Shore

“I told you I loved you, but I said it a little too late. You move in time and sometimes our timing is against one another.”
― Dominic Riccitello

“Time stands still when purpose and passion are [the] present.”
― T.F. Hodge

“Wasting time is really wasting life.”
― Mark Rasmussen, 101 Tips for Teaching: Practical Advice for Everyone Who Imparts Truth

“Let not Time deceive you,
You cannot conquer Time.”
― W.H. Auden

“The longer you live, the harder it becomes. To grab them. Each little moment as it arrives. To be living in something other than the past or the future. To be actually here.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“When it's 'Write Time', it's the right time!”
― Anthony T.Hincks

“You get to a point where even the bad time flies.”
― Eugene Marten, Layman's Report

“Start early to reach on time, because deciding to start just on time will be late, starting just on time will only guarantee some desperate efforts, but not the expected results, make sure your timing leaves you with some time in-hand to try again.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Eternity takes forever. The infinite expanse of time just does not know when to quit.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Refrigerator Monologues

“My phone’s dead, and I have to find the microwave to read the time: 8:12. Only bad news comes this early.”
― Krysten Ritter, Bonfire

“Time moves fast for people who move with time. Time is nothing but moments, yesterday, today & tomorrow - all are filled with moments, some spent as we liked and some as the time demanded, We all live in moments so spend it well, remember each day a day goes by — better make it a day to remember.”
― Shahenshah Hafeez Khan

“Everyone measures time. Some in moments, some in years, and some in centuries. But it is a part of life.”
― Donna Grant, Constantine: A History, Part 2

“Intuition is the organ that senses when eternity breaks into time – when gold shines through the mud.”
― J. Earp

“But the movement of time seemed not to be fixed properly. The bloody weight of desire and the rusty anchor of remorse were blocking its normal flow. Time was not an arrow flying in a straight line .”
― Haruki Murakami, Hombres sin mujeres

“You die in time to realize somethings aren’t worthwhile.”
― Dominic Riccitello

“Hunt wisely”
― Patricio Telman Chincocolo

“… acolo, de-a curmezișul golfului și printre dune, zăcea prietenia lui, păstrîndu-și întreaga vitalitate și realitate, asemenea cadavrului unui tînăr care ar fi rămas îngropat un secol în turbă, conservîndu-și roșeața proaspătă a buzelor.”
― Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse

“Clocks will always have different sized hands, but not feet.”
― Anthony T. Hincks.

“Time travel me back.
Let me say good-bye again.
A minute more,
a moment,
a chance to see. . .”
― Sarah Crossan, Moonrise

“The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.”
― Albert Einstein

“I am that piece of a puzzle, which would never fit in any puzzles out there. I am that sky, which refused to turn blue every morning. I am that bird, which always had broken wings and yet always tried harder to fly. And I am that tunnel, which neither had a beginning nor end but one could always see the light at both the ends.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“Lots of people wait around "for the right time". People don't know that there is no such thing as a right time. Time is never right nor wrong. The only negative factor of time is that you can lose it and the only positive factor of time is that you can seize it.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Your dreams are never lost, they are merely waiting for your attention, passion, and action to return to them.”
― Avina Celeste

“Sitting here I glance over my right shoulder at the little row of books, red and green and blue, which stand waiting for my hand, offering their accumulated riches. I think of the years that may be in store for me, and of all the pages I may turn.”
― Siegfried Sassoon, Sherston's Progress

“Hell was full of clocks, he was sure of it. There was no torment, after all, that could not be exacerbated by a contemplation of time passing. The large case clock at the end of the corridor had a particularly penetrating tick-tock, audiable above and through all the noises of the house. It seemed to Lord John Grey to echo his own heartbeats, each one a step on the road towards death.”
― Diana Gabaldon, Lord John and the Hand of Devils

“In English, consciousness and unconsciousness are part of a vertical plane, so that we wake up ↑ and we fall ↓ asleep and we sink ↓ into a coma. Chinese uses the horizontal line, so that to wake is to cross a border towards consciousness → and to faint is to go back ← . Meanwhile, time itself is vertical so that last year is “the year above” ↑ and next year is “the year below” ↓. The day before yesterday is the day “in front” ↑ and the day after tomorrow is the day “behind” ↓. This means that future generations are not the generations ahead, but the ones behind. Therefore, to look into the future one must turn around...”
― Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing

“The really good programmers spend a lot of time programming. I haven’t seen very good programmers who don’t spend a lot of time programming. If I don’t program for two or three days, I need to do it. And you get better at it—you get quicker at it. The side effect of writing all this other stuff is that when you get to doing ordinary problems, you can do them very quickly. - Joe Armstrong”
― Peter Seibel, Coders at Work: Reflections on the Craft of Programming

“I suppose you could say these images present a glimpse of the world around me during the last 5 years as well as moments in time for the creatures and nature sharing the same space as me.”
― Noel Marie Fletcher, Pathways in Time: Photo Journeys

“Wheels will always turn full circle.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Time's up for modern society.”
― Steven Magee

“It had already passed an hour and he knew it without even needing to check a watch, although he did not have one.”
― Jason Medina, The Manhattanville Incident: An Undead Novel

“A student does not need her school or university. She never needed one teacher.”
― Petra Hermans

“He would have liked spending a little time with one of the girls himself. Instead, he had to settle for sleeping in a room with a bunch of guys. It was a total sausage fest, he thought.”
― Jason Medina, The Manhattanville Incident: An Undead Novel

“All events and people you have cherished in the past, and all events and people that are yet to happen to you, exist at all times. This for sure beats the traditional concept of heaven!”
― Joseph Rain, The Unfinished Book About Who We Are

“Palmira. She’s like an apparition floating unknowingly into her future,' I said. 'Here for too brief a time.”
― Susan Vreeland, The Passion of Artemisia

“Il pénètre dans un espace dense envahi de
fantômes et de géométries intentionnelles; telle est la configuration du monde: la totalité des points de vue passés et présents qui se croisent dans l'espace. Le monde est un champ miné de perspectives.”
― Pola Oloixarac, Las teorías salvajes

“Give, it's time to. Its time too. Time to. Time.”
― Anthony Liccione

“Passages in time shall leave timeless evidence in their wake.”
― Anthony T. Hincks.

“Only a master changed an old structure, faster than half a second.”
― Petra Hermans

“Indeed, men who manage to defeat time by anxiously safeguarding their tomorrow, by not allowing it to stray anywhere from the past, have in effect conquered death itself.”
― Jean Ray, My Own Private Spectres

“She felt time in the lean muscles in her thighs and rounded bottom when she pushed herself off the ground. She felt time in the way her arms and legs pumped when she walked into the river, bathed herself in the cool reflected surface of the dark pool under the waterfall. Josephine felt the possibility of time the night she watched the couple bend, release, break, and come back together on the trunk of the hundred-year-old tree. -The Girl with Dragonfly Wings”
― Shilo Niziolek, The Gateway Review: A Journal of Magical Realism

“The fate of everything we see is hidden in time; only when the time moves, we shall see what fate the things we see have!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“In former times, I watched the time of times. Now, in my early ages, I love to protect my destiny, my testimony and my great reward.”
― Petra Hermans

“Today I am feeling that chronological order is not a good thing, even if it is easier, and that I should break it up. Is it that when these events are in chronological order they are not propelled forward by cause and effect, by need and satisfaction, they do not spring ahead with their own energy but are simply dragged forward by the passage of time?”
― Lydia Davis, The End of the Story

“Memories are aches; they are the laughter
Smiles of time flee to seize the hereafter”
― Munia Khan

“You remembered," she said, surprised that this thing called time had happened to us after all.”
― André Aciman, Enigma Variations

“We are the ghost of the choices we didn't make and shredded skin of the ones we did!”
― Shweta Tale

“I have a feeling we’re going to have a lot of time to read in the next few days or weeks.” She thought about it and said, “Jesus. How long do you think things will go on like this?”
― Jason Medina, The Manhattanville Incident: An Undead Novel

“History was, is, a one-way street. You have to keep walking forwards, but you don't always need to look ahead. Sometimes you can just look around and be happy right where you are.”
― Matt Haig, How to Stop Time

“She was his favorite sin. She was not a habit for him anymore, she was an obsession.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“It's easy to write history. All the eyewitnesses are dead.”
― Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land

“Nothing is independent of time”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Ben Hanscom... feels the wall of time grow suddenly thin; some terrible/wonderful peristalsis has begun to take place. He thinks: My God, I am being digested by my own past.”
― Stephen King, It

“So many authors, so little time to disqualify them!”
― Ljupka Cvetanova

“Time is not meant to be spent; it is meant to be experienced.”
― Avina Celeste

“I limp along through my mourning.”
― Roland Barthes, Mourning Diary

“Time did indeed heal all wounds, but it left a nasty, unforgiving scar”
― James Rollins, Amazonia

“Money is a replaceable resource. When you're out of it, you can earn it back. You can't say the same for time. Don't spend too much time thinking about money.”
― Darius Foroux, THINK STRAIGHT: Change Your Thoughts, Change Your Life

“Don’t wait for someone to come along and change your life. Only you have the ability to change yourself.”
― Avina Celeste

“You can become talented at anything if you are willing to put in the time and effort. If you want results you must put in the effort.”
― Avina Celeste

“Modernism, philosophically speaking, is in a sense the ‘‘worship’’ of time and the transient, a kind of deification of time and becoming and all that flows in the temporal order. That is why it resulted quickly in historicism and evolutionism and the theories all of those 19th-century philosophers such as Hegel and Marx and scientists such as Darwin. Such people are very different from one point of view, but they all in a sense divinize history even if Marx rejected the category of ‘‘divine.’’ The historical process is the reality that is domi- nant in modern thought. It is that which determines values and even real- ity today in the dominant Western paradigm.”
― Seyyed Hossein Nasr, در جستجوي امر قدسي

“The distance of time’s separation brings us remnants of memories so ancient that most are lost in the mists of illusion…”
― AJ Vosse

“You should understand the value of time and use it accordingly in a constructive manner so that you can be blessed with time”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Laugh, I tell you
And you will turn back
The hands of time.

Smile, I tell you
And you will reflect
The face of the divine.

Sing, I tell you
And all the angels will sing with you!

Cry, I tell you
And the reflections found in your pool of tears -
Will remind you of the lessons of today and yesterday
To guide you through the fears of tomorrow.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Love is a powerful thing. It transcends time and place. If you're looking for immortality, love long and love well. The rest will take care of itself.”
― Laurence Overmire, The Ghost of Rabbie Burns: An American Poet's Journey Through Scotland

“Everything in this world changes according to time”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“I don’t like to spend money. I like to spend time.”
― Jill Telford

“Within was given, I gave the best, I ever could.”
― Petra Hermans

“Time never waits for you so reach before to ring it.”
― Ram Ghale

“He fed himself to the demons he had inside him, every single day. Just to save her, from being consumed by them.”
― Akshay Vasu, The Abandoned Paradise: Unraveling the beauty of untouched thoughts and dreams

“إن المرأة تكره الرجل الذي يعطيها كل وقته وتكره الرجل الذي لا يعطيها شيئا من وقته”
― أنيس منصور, قلوب صغيرة

“Let time be a motivator to start living your dreams now.”
― Avina Celeste

“You are not made from your past. You simply exist in this time and only this time. Enjoy the moment. Experience.”
― Avina Celeste

“Time is communal, Marya Morevna, the most purely communal of all commodities. It belongs to us all equally.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless

“I remember when you'll be a month old, and I'll stumble out of bed to give you your 2:00 a.m. feeding.”
― Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others

“Three things have a limited threshold:
Time, pain, and death.
While truth, love, and knowledge -
Are boundless.
Three things are needed
For humanity to co-exist:
Truth, peace and basic needs.
Everything else -
Is irrelevant.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“You should use every moment of your life properly and meaningfully without wasting time”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Even such is Time, that takes in trust
Our youth, our joys, our all we have,
And pays us but with earth and dust;
Who, in the dark and silent grave,
When we have wandered all our ways,
Shuts up the story of our days.
But from this earth, this grave this dust,
My God shall raise me up, I trust.

- "Even such is Time" from "Petition to Anne of Denmark”
― Sir Walter Raleigh

“Time is more than money and other precious things in the universe”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Stop thinking that you have got another day to do what you should do today, because you may not”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“The more you add value to yourself, the more you discover that you could be much more creative than you are”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“There is nothing that anyone can do to increase or reduce time”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“There is so much about yourself that you are yet to discover”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“The more you add value to yourself, the more you discover that you could be better than you are”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“The more you add value to yourself, the more you discover that you could be greater than you are”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work is the first step out of a life of mediocrity and irrelevance”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“... Time is not something you give back. The very next moment may be an answer to your prayer. To deny that is to deny the most important part of the future.”

“ What’s that?”

“Hope.”
― Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper

“When you are measuring life, you are not living it...”
― Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper

“You need to understand that for you, time is not forever”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“A time will come when either by reason of frailty or death, you will not be able to do the things that you can do now”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Apply yourself to maximizing each day now that you can”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“When you work, it reveals your gifts. It helps to discover your potentials”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Time unlike all other assets that a person freely possesses a truly limited resource”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“There is more to discover about you”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Time is a person’s most inflexible asset”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Time is inflexible”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Time is an asset that is automatically consumed”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Three things you cannot recover in life; the WORD after its said, the MOMENT after its missed and the TIME after its gone. Be careful!”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“The only way to redeem your time is to effectively engage in the conversation of every second, every minute, every hour and every day”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Go ahead and reign in life by converting your time into concrete values, product and services”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Time runs only in the forward direction and it can never be regained”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“If we destroy our time, time also destroys us very badly”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Time only gives one chance, if you lose it once, you can never get it back”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Time has no beginning or ending”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Time has no limitation and boundary and it moves continuously at its own pace”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Time never stops for anybody and never shows kindness to anyone”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Once time is lost, it can never be earned by any means”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“When you work, you exercise your mental potentials”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“The reason why God cannot stop the working is because through work, He unveils Himself”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work is a blessing and makes us a blessing to others”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“A goal completed is a goal completed regardless of the time it takes to complete. Do not focus on the time it will take to complete your goals but rather focus on how to complete your goal.”
― Avina Celeste

“When you work, you discover yourself”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“When God created time, he also created work as an instrument to convert that time into concrete and physical wealth.”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“There is a huge difference between work and job”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“God is always working”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Apart from time, work it one of the greatest gift God gave to mankind”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work gives God the possibility and opportunity to unveil Himself in a new dimension each time He works”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Every time God works, He is revealing Himself”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work allows God to renew Himself”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work unveils a new layer; it unveils a new dimension of God you’ve never experienced before”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“We should be motivated to give our best”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work allows you to discover a new you every time”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work is one of God’s instruments for you to discover yourself”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work is the thing that should get you excited the most in life”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work is a medium through which you will discover the depth of wealth that God has planted in you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“It is only through work that you will discover that there is a seed of greatness in you.”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“It is only through work that you will discover that you are not ordinary.”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“It is only through work that you will discover that you are not ordinary”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Excellence is meant to be our motivation and attitude toward work”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“It is only through work that you will know that you are greater than what you see”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“It is only through work that you can effectively maximize the wealth of time”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work reveals our creative ability”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work makes us a co-creator with God”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work increases and improves your skills and abilities”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work is meant to allow us exercise dominion over all the Gods creation”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work gives us money to pay for our basic needs”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work gives us dignity and respect”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

“Work keeps us mentally healthy”
― Sunday Adelaja, No One Is Better Than You

