“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”
― Eleanor Roosevelt, This is My Story

“It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.”
― Maurice Switzer, Mrs. Goose, Her Book

“The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.”
― William Shakespeare, As You Like It

“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).”
― Mark Twain

“When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.”
― Jess C. Scott, The Intern

“Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.”
― Aristotle

“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.”
― Socrates

“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.”
― John Lennon

“Hold fast to dreams,
For if dreams die
Life is a broken-winged bird,
That cannot fly.”
― Langston Hughes

“In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.”
― Mark Twain

“May you live every day of your life.”
― Jonathan Swift

“Never laugh at live dragons.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien

“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.”
― Aristotle, Metaphysics

“The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

“There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life.
" Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.”
― Alexandre Dumas

“If you're reading this...
Congratulations, you're alive.
If that's not something to smile about,
then I don't know what is.”
― Chad Sugg, Monsters Under Your Head

“Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”
― Albert Einstein

“The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.”
― Abigail Van Buren

“Think before you speak. Read before you think.”
― Fran Lebowitz, The Fran Lebowitz Reader

“Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.”
― Isaac Asimov, Foundation

“Turn your wounds into wisdom.”
― Oprah Winfrey

“The unexamined life is not worth living.”
― Socrates

“The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

“There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear

“By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.”
― Confucious

“It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings

“Angry people are not always wise.”
― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

“You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do.”
― Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls

“Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.”
― Martin Luther King Jr., A Knock at Midnight: Inspiration from the Great Sermons of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.

“It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.”
― Leo Tolstoy, The Kreutzer Sonata

“God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.”
― Elbert Hubbard

“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.”
― Rumi

“I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.”
― Albert Einstein

“Knowing others is intelligence;
knowing yourself is true wisdom.
Mastering others is strength;
mastering yourself is true power.”
― Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching

“The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche

“You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.”
― Colette

“Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky, We fell them down and turn them into paper,
That we may record our emptiness.”
― Kahlil Gibran

“The only way to get through life is to laugh your way through it. You either have to laugh or cry. I prefer to laugh. Crying gives me a headache.”
― Marjorie Pay Hinckley

“The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.”
― Albert Einstein

“It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.”
― Albert Einstein

“I'm not young enough to know everything.”
― J.M. Barrie, The Admirable Crichton

“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.”
― Truman Capote

“The past has no power over the present moment.”
― Eckhart Tolle

“Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold.”
― Bob Marley

“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.”
― Paulo Coelho

“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.”
― Joseph Campbell

“Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens”
― Jimi Hendrix

“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection”
― Sharon Salzberg

“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“I am looking for friends. What does that mean -- tame?"

"It is an act too often neglected," said the fox. "It means to establish ties."

"To establish ties?"

"Just that," said the fox. "To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys. And I have no need of you. And you, on your part, have no need of me. To you I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world....”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

“The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.”
― Thomas Paine, A Letter Addressed to the Abbe Raynal on the Affairs of North America

“Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.”
― Rumi, Masnavi i Man'avi, the spiritual couplets of Maula

“We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.”
― Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.”
― Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief

“There are moments when troubles enter our lives and we can do nothing to avoid them.
But they are there for a reason. Only when we have overcome them will we understand why they were there.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Fifth Mountain

“The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.”
― Maya Angelou

“He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.”
― Confucius

“Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom & Philosophy”
― Ludwig van Beethoven

“I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.”
― Bruce Lee

“Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?”
― John Keats, Letters of John Keats

“We learn from failure, not from success!”
― Bram Stoker, Dracula

“The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.”
― Voltaire

“Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Anybody can look at a pretty girl and see a pretty girl. An artist can look at a pretty girl and see the old woman she will become. A better artist can look at an old woman and see the pretty girl that she used to be. But a great artist-a master-and that is what Auguste Rodin was-can look at an old woman, protray her exactly as she is...and force the viewer to see the pretty girl she used to be...and more than that, he can make anyone with the sensitivity of an armadillo, or even you, see that this lovely young girl is still alive, not old and ugly at all, but simply prisoned inside her ruined body. He can make you feel the quiet, endless tragedy that there was never a girl born who ever grew older than eighteen in her heart...no matter what the merciless hours have done to her. Look at her, Ben. Growing old doesn't matter to you and me; we were never meant to be admired-but it does to them.”
― Robert Heinlein

“Perhaps the rare and simple pleasure of being seen for what one is compensates for the misery of being it.”
― Margaret Drabble

“Never, never, never give in!”
― Winston S. Churchill

“We shall not cease from exploration
And the end of all our exploring
Will be to arrive where we started
And know the place for the first time.”
― T. S. Eliot, Four Quartets

“The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.”
― H.L. Mencken

“We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities.”
― Oscar Wilde

“In youth, it was a way I had,
To do my best to please.
And change, with every passing lad
To suit his theories.

But now I know the things I know
And do the things I do,
And if you do not like me so,
To hell, my love, with you.”
― Dorothy Parker, The Complete Poems of Dorothy Parker

“All knowledge hurts.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Bones

“Wisdom cannot be imparted. Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else ... Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“There comes a point when you either embrace who and what you are, or condemn yourself to be miserable all your days. Other people will try to make you miserable; don't help them by doing the job yourself.”
― Laurell K. Hamilton

“I think I've discovered the secret of life -- you just hang around until you get used to it.”
― Charles Schultz

“Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.”
― Helen Keller

“That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is. Most people love you for who you pretend to be. To keep their love, you keep pretending - performing. You get to love your pretence. It's true, we're locked in an image, an act - and the sad thing is, people get so used to their image, they grow attached to their masks. They love their chains. They forget all about who they really are. And if you try to remind them, they hate you for it, they feel like you're trying to steal their most precious possession.”
― Jim Morrison

“Authority without wisdom is like a heavy axe without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.”
― Anne Bradstreet

“You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”
― Sharon Salzberg

“Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.”
― Socrates

“Mockingbirds don’t do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don’t eat up people’s gardens, don’t nest in corncribs, they don’t do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That’s why it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird.”
― Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird

“Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom.”
― Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Literary Remains, Vol. 1

“Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom.”
― Elizabeth Gaskell, Wives and Daughters

“Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“Half of seeming clever is keeping your mouth shut at the right times.”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear

“Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.”
― Stephen Hawking

“This being human is a guest house. Every morning is a new arrival. A joy, a depression, a meanness, some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor...Welcome and entertain them all. Treat each guest honorably. The dark thought, the shame, the malice, meet them at the door laughing, and invite them in. Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond.”
― Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi

“Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.”
― Leo F. Buscaglia

“Never complain, never explain. Resist the temptation to defend yourself or make excuses.”
― Brian Tracy

“Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long.

Good things come to those who wait.”
― Jess C. Scott, The Intern

“It is one thing to be clever and another to be wise.”
― George R.R. Martin

“Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Sometimes, if you stand on the bottom rail of a bridge and lean over to watch the river slipping slowly away beneath you, you will suddenly know everything there is to be known.”
― A.A. Milne

“If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“We seldom realize, for example that our most private thoughts and emotions are not actually our own. For we think in terms of languages and images which we did not invent, but which were given to us by our society.”
― Alan Watts

“Time is a game played beautifully by children.”
― Heraclitus, Fragments

“Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist.”
― Michael Levine

“The public have an insatiable curiosity to know everything, except what is worth knowing.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism, and Selected Critical Prose

“A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.”
― Francis Bacon, The Essays

“Love is a form of prejudice. You love what you need, you love what makes you feel good, you love what is convenient. How can you say you love one person when there are ten thousand people in the world that you would love more if you ever met them? But you'll never meet them. All right, so we do the best we can. Granted. But we must still realize that love is just the result of a chance encounter. Most people make too much of it. On these grounds a good fuck is not to be entirely scorned. But that's the result of a chance meeting too. You're damned right. Drink up. We'll have another.”
― Charles Bukowski

“As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all - the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone

“Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.”
― Rumi

“The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts.”
― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations

“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y. This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.”
― Terence McKenna

“You're going to meet many people with domineering personalities: the loud, the obnoxious, those that noisily stake their claims in your territory and everywhere else they set foot on. This is the blueprint of a predator. Predators prey on gentleness, peace, calmness, sweetness and any positivity that they sniff out as weakness. Anything that is happy and at peace they mistake for weakness. It's not your job to change these people, but it's your job to show them that your peace and gentleness do not equate to weakness. I have always appeared to be fragile and delicate but the thing is, I am not fragile and I am not delicate. I am very gentle but I can show you that the gentle also possess a poison. I compare myself to silk. People mistake silk to be weak but a silk handkerchief can protect the wearer from a gunshot. There are many people who will want to befriend you if you fit the description of what they think is weak; predators want to have friends that they can dominate over because that makes them feel strong and important. The truth is that predators have no strength and no courage. It is you who are strong, and it is you who has courage. I have lost many a friend over the fact that when they attempt to rip me, they can't. They accuse me of being deceiving; I am not deceiving, I am just made of silk. It is they who are stupid and wrongly take gentleness and fairness for weakness. There are many more predators in this world, so I want you to be made of silk. You are silk.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I ask not for any crown
But that which all may win;
Nor try to conquer any world
Except the one within.”
― Louisa May Alcott

“The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.”
― George Orwell, In Front of Your Nose: 1945-1950

“The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything.”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“Of all tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.”
― C. S. Lewis

“Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky

“I believe that what we become depends on what our fathers teach us at odd moments, when they aren't trying to teach us. We are formed by little scraps of wisdom.”
― Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum

“Inventory:

"Four be the things I am wiser to know:
Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.
Four be the things I'd been better without:
Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.
Three be the things I shall never attain:
Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.
Three be the things I shall have till I die:
Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.”
― Dorothy Parker, The Complete Poems of Dorothy Parker

“When a child asks you something, answer him, for goodness sake. But don't make a production of it. Children are children, but they can spot an evasion faster than adults, and evasion simply muddles 'em.”
― Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird

“Remember, you cannot be both young and wise. Young people who pretend to be wise to the ways of the world are mostly just cynics. Cynicism masquerades as wisdom, but it is the farthest thing from it. Because cynics don’t learn anything. Because cynicism is a self-imposed blindness, a rejection of the world because we are afraid it will hurt us or disappoint us. Cynics always say no. But saying “yes” begins things. Saying “yes” is how things grow. Saying “yes” leads to knowledge. “Yes” is for young people. So for as long as you have the strength to, say “yes'.”
― Stephen Colbert

“Wise? No, I simply learned to think.”
― Christopher Paolini, Eldest

“Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness.
Listen to it carefully.”
― Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah

“Don’t sacrifice yourself too much, because if you sacrifice too much there’s nothing else you can give and nobody will care for you.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.”
― Albert Einstein

“As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others.
Unsuccessful people are always asking, "What's in it for me?”
― Brian Tracy

“Sure, we'd faced some things as children that a lot of kids don't. Sure, Justin had qualified for his Junior de Sade Badge in his teaching methods for dealing with pain. We still hadn't learned, though, that growing up is all about getting hurt. And then getting over it. You hurt. You recover. You move on. Odds are pretty good you're just going to get hurt again. But each time, you learn something.

Each time, you come out of it a little stronger, and at some point you realize that there are more flavors of pain than coffee. There's the little empty pain of leaving something behind - gradutaing, taking the next step forward, walking out of something familiar and safe into the unknown. There's the big, whirling pain of life upending all of your plans and expecations. There's the sharp little pains of failure, and the more obscure aches of successes that didn't give you what you thought they would. There are the vicious, stabbing pains of hopes being torn up. The sweet little pains of finding others, giving them your love, and taking joy in their life they grow and learn. There's the steady pain of empathy that you shrug off so you can stand beside a wounded friend and help them bear their burdens.

And if you're very, very lucky, there are a very few blazing hot little pains you feel when you realized that you are standing in a moment of utter perfection, an instant of triumph, or happiness, or mirth which at the same time cannot possibly last - and yet will remain with you for life.

Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it.

Pain is a part of life. Sometimes it's a big part, and sometimes it isn't, but either way, it's a part of the big puzzle, the deep music, the great game. Pain does two things: It teaches you, tells you that you're alive. Then it passes away and leaves you changed. It leaves you wiser, sometimes. Sometimes it leaves you stronger. Either way, pain leaves its mark, and everything important that will ever happen to you in life is going to involve it in one degree or another.”
― Jim Butcher

“A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement”
― Jess C Scott

“We must live together as brothers or perish together as fools.”
― Martin Luther King Jr.

“People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.”
― Jean Jacques Rousseau

“The lotus is the most beautiful flower, whose petals open one by one. But it will only grow in the mud. In order to grow and gain wisdom, first you must have the mud --- the obstacles of life and its suffering. ... The mud speaks of the common ground that humans share, no matter what our stations in life. ... Whether we have it all or we have nothing, we are all faced with the same obstacles: sadness, loss, illness, dying and death. If we are to strive as human beings to gain more wisdom, more kindness and more compassion, we must have the intention to grow as a lotus and open each petal one by one. ”
― Goldie Hawn

“It takes a very long time to become young.”
― Pablo Picasso

“It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!”
― Robert T. Kiyosaki

“It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,”
― Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations

“There is more in you of good than you know, child of the kindly West. Some courage and some wisdom, blended in measure. If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit, or There and Back Again

“The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.”
― Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives

“I felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they?”
― Jess C. Scott, Wicked Lovely

“People know what they do; frequently they know why they do what they do; but what they don't know is what what they do does.”
― Michel Foucault, Madness and Civilization: A History of Insanity in the Age of Reason

“I AM IGNORANT of absolute truth. But I am humble before my ignorance and therein lies my honor and my reward.”
― Khalil Gibran

“Books loved anyone who opened them, they gave you secruity and friendship and didn't ask for anything in return; they never went away, never, not even when you treated them badly. ”
― Cornelia Funke, Inkheart

“Recognizing power in another does not diminish your own.”
― Joss Whedon

“A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.”
― Baltasar Gracian, The Art of Worldly Wisdom

“The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.”
― William James

“Hide not your talents, they for use were made,
What's a sundial in the shade?”
― Benjamin Franklin

“A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“Into the darkness they go, the wise and the lovely. ”
― Edna St. Vincent Millay

“It's now very common to hear people say, 'I'm rather offended by that.' As if that gives them certain rights. It's actually nothing more... than a whine. 'I find that offensive.' It has no meaning; it has no purpose; it has no reason to be respected as a phrase. 'I am offended by that.' Well, so fucking what."

[I saw hate in a graveyard -- Stephen Fry, The Guardian, 5 June 2005]”
― Stephen Fry

“No man is poor who has a Godly mother.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“But magic is neither good nor evil. It is a tool, like a knife. Is a knife evil? Only if the wielder is evil.”
― Rick Riordan, The House of Hades

“A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise.”
― Dhammapada, The Dhammapada: The Sayings of the Buddha

“Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.”
― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet

“The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget.”
― Thomas Szasz

“No, that is the great fallacy: the wisdom of old men. They do not grow wise. They grow careful.”
― Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms

“wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good.”
― Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera

“Sometimes it's not enough to know what things mean, sometimes you have to know what things don't mean.”
― Bob Dylan

“If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door”
― Milton Berle

“Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I’ve said before, bugs in amber.”
― Kurt Vonnegut

“Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.”
― Alfred Lord Tennyson

“Lost Time is never found again.”
― Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack

“There are no ordinary moments.”
― Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives

“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
― Dr Roopleen

“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”
― Bohdi Sanders, Warrior Wisdom: Ageless Wisdom for the Modern Warrior

“But what if I make a mistake?' Will asked.

Gilan threw back his head and laughed. 'A mistake? One mistake? You should be so lucky. You'll make dozens! I made four or five on my first day alone! Of course you'll make mistakes. Just don't make any of them twice. If you do mess things up, don't try to hide it. Don't try to rationalize it. Recognize it and admit it and learn from it. We never stop learning, none of us.”
― John Flanagan, Erak's Ransom

“Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.”
― Ludwig van Beethoven

“V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love.”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger.”
― Siddhārtha Gautama

“Transformation is my favorite game and in my experience, anger and frustration are the result of you not being authentic somewhere in your life or with someone in your life. Being fake about anything creates a block inside of you. Life can’t work for you if you don’t show up as you.”
― Jason Mraz

“You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude
toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather
than allowing it to master you.”
― Brian Tracy

“I used to think the worst thing in life is to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel all alone.”
― Robin Williams

“It is strange how often a heart must be broken
Before the years can make it wise.”
― Sara Teasdale, The Collected Poems

“We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged”
― Heinrich Heine

“I think it's impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves.”
― Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game

“For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.”
― Theodore Roosevelt, Strenuous Life

“Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it’s worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.”
― Steve Jobs

“Where wisdom reigns, there is no conflict between thinking and feeling.”
― Carl Gustav Jung

“In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of the
cat, although in this case there were three determinate states the cat
could be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious.”
― Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies

“Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.”
― Niels Bohr

“من نمّ لك نمّ بك, ومن نقل إليك نقل عنك, ومن إذا أرضيته فقال ماليس فيك, كذلك إذا أغضبته قال فيك ماليس فيك.”
― محمد بن إدريس الشافعي

“Don't go looking for boys in the dark
They will say pretty things then
leave you with scars.
Do go looking for boys in the park
For that is where the true gentlemen are.”
― Anna Godbersen, The Luxe

“If others tell us something we make assumptions, and if they don't tell us something we make assumptions to fulfill our need to know and to replace the need to communicate. Even if we hear something and we don't understand we make assumptions about what it means and then believe the assumptions. We make all sorts of assumptions because we don't have the courage to ask questions.”
― Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom

“CHORONZON: I am a dire wolf, prey-stalking, lethal prowler.

MORPHEUS: I am a hunter, horse-mounted, wolf-stabbing.

CHORONZON: I am a horsefly, horse-stinging, hunter-throwing.

MORPHEUS: I am a spider, fly-consuming, eight legged.

CHORONZON: I am a snake, spider-devouring, posion-toothed.

MORPHEUS: I am an ox, snake-crushing, heavy-footed.

CHORONZON: I am an anthrax, butcher bacterium, warm-life destroying.

MORPHEUS: I am a world, space-floating, life-nurturing.

CHORONZON: I am a nova, all-exploding... planet-cremating.

MORPHEUS: I am the Universe -- all things encompassing, all life embracing.

CHORONZON: I am Anti-Life, the Beast of Judgment. I am the dark at the end of everything. The end of universes, gods, worlds... of everything. Sss. And what will you be then, Dreamlord?

MORPHEUS: I am hope.”
― Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes

“May Light always surround you;
Hope kindle and rebound you.
May your Hurts turn to Healing;
Your Heart embrace Feeling.
May Wounds become Wisdom;
Every Kindness a Prism.
May Laughter infect you;
Your Passion resurrect you.
May Goodness inspire
your Deepest Desires.
Through all that you Reach For,
May your arms Never Tire.”
― D. Simone

“Mama used to say, you have to know someone a thousand days before you can glimpse her soul.”
― Shannon Hale, Book of a Thousand Days

“In order to rise from its own ashes, a Phoenix first must burn.”
― Octavia Butler

“Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.”
― Hemingway, Ernest

“You cannot teach a man anything, you can only help him find it within himself.”
― Galileo

“I have lived with several Zen masters -- all of them cats.”
― Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment

“Now I understand that one of the important reasons for going to college and getting an education is to learn that the things you've believed in all your life aren't true, and that nothing is what it appears to be.”
― Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon

“There is a wisdom of the head, and... there is a wisdom of the heart.”
― Charles Dickens, Hard Times

“Perhaps the logical conclusion of everyone looking the same is everyone thinking the same.”
― Scott Westerfeld, Uglies

“Don't just say you have read books. Show that through them you have learned to think better, to be a more discriminating and reflective person. Books are the training weights of the mind. They are very helpful, but it would be a bad mistake to suppose that one has made progress simply by having internalized their contents.”
― Epictetus, The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness

“There is an ancient tribal proverb I once heard in India. It says that before we can see properly we must first shed our tears to clear the way.”
― Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing

“I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies but not the madness of people.”
― Isaac Newton

“Education is no substitute for intelligence.”
― Frank Herbert

“Never forget that justice is what love looks like in public.”
― Cornel West

“No one cares how much you know, until they know how much you care”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“My soul is in the sky.”
― William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream

“My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.”
― William James

“The man of wisdom is never of two minds;
the man of benevolence never worries;
the man of courage is never afraid.”
― Confucius

“It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”
― Bruce Lee

“It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are
going.”
― Brian Tracy

“When you make a choice, you change the future.”
― Deepak Chopra

“Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not to
wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”
― Wallace Stegner, The Spectator Bird

“If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.”
― Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching

“Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.”
― Epicurus

“These violent delights have violent ends.”
― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet

“The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.”
― William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell

“...Nobody knows like a woman how to say things that are both sweet and profound. Sweetness and depth, this is all of woman; this is Heaven.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“Voici mon secret. Il est très simple: on ne voit bien qu'avec le cœur. L'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Le Petit Prince

“As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.”
― Leonardo da Vinci

“Wisdom is having things right in your life
and knowing why.”
― William Stafford

“The way out is through the door. Why is it that no one will use this method?”
― Confucius

“I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw some things back.”
― Maya Angelou

“Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.”
― Anton Chekhov

“How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also If I am to be whole.”
― C.G. Jung, Modern Man in Search of a Soul

“Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.”
― Confucius

“Obscurity and a competence—that is the life that is best worth living.”
― Mark Twain, Notebook

“When you look at what C.S. Lewis is saying, his message is so anti-life, so cruel, so unjust. The view that the Narnia books have for the material world is one of almost undisguised contempt. At one point, the old professor says, ‘It’s all in Plato’ — meaning that the physical world we see around us is the crude, shabby, imperfect, second-rate copy of something much better. I want to emphasize the simple physical truth of things, the absolute primacy of the material life, rather than the spiritual or the afterlife.

[The New York Times interview, 2000]”
― Philip Pullman

“The small wisdom is like water in a glass:
clear, transparent, pure.
The great wisdom is like the water in the sea:
dark, mysterious, impenetrable.”
― Rabindranath Tagore

“Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.”
― Socrates

“Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth.

[Verse 223]”
― Siddhārtha Gautama, The Dhammapada

“I will no longer mutilate and destroy myself in order to find a secret behind the ruins.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time.”
― Dante Alighieri

“Hate is... It's too easy. Love. Love takes courage.”
― Hannah Harrington, Speechless

“When in doubt, choose to live.”
― Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time

“Wisdom is knowing I am nothing,
Love is knowing I am everything,
and between the two my life moves.”
― Nisargadatta Maharaj

“I do not know everything; still many things I understand.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time

“The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.”
― Emerson

“Books permit us to voyage through time, to tap the wisdom of our ancestors. The library connects us with the insight and knowledge, painfully extracted from Nature, of the greatest minds that ever were, with the best teachers, drawn from the entire planet and from all our history, to instruct us without tiring, and to inspire us to make our own contribution to the collective knowledge of the human species. I think the health of our civilization, the depth of our awareness about the underpinnings of our culture and our concern for the future can all be tested by how well we support our libraries.”
― Carl Sagan, Cosmos

“Water is the softest thing, yet it can penetrate mountains and earth. This shows clearly the principle of
softness overcoming hardness.”
― Lao Zi

“Don’t take the high ground and assume you already know what you’ll do. The truth is, when it comes to someone you love, you’ll find there isn’t anything you won’t do.”
― Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart

“Even a soul submerged in sleep
is hard at work and helps
make something of the world.”
― Heraclitus, Fragments

“I feel sorry for anyone who is in a place where he feels strange and stupid.”
― Lois Lowry, The Giver

“Expectations make people miserable, so whatever yours are, lower them. You'll definitely be happier.”
― Simone Elkeles, How to Ruin Your Boyfriend's Reputation

“The sense of tragedy - according to Aristotle - comes, ironically enough, not from the protagonist's weak points but from his good qualities. Do you know what I'm getting at? People are drawn deeper into tragedy not by their defects but by their virtues.
...
[But] we accept irony through a device called metaphor. And through that we grow and become deeper human beings.”
― Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

“You have lost your reason and taken the wrong path. You have taken lies for truth, and hideousness for beauty. You would marvel if, owing to strange events of some sorts, frogs and lizards suddenly grew on apple and orange trees instead of fruit, or if roses began to smell like a sweating horse; so I marvel at you who exchange heaven for earth. I don't want to understand you.”
― Anton Chekhov

“Is there a difference between happiness and inner peace? Yes. Happiness depends on conditions being perceived as positive; inner peace does not.”
― Eckhart Tolle

“An acquaintance merely enjoys your company, a fair-weather companion flatters when all is well, a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“الحب هو ذكاء المسافة، ألّا تقترب كثيرًا فتلغي اللهفة، ولا تبتعد طويلًا فتُنسى.”
― أحلام مستغانمي, الأسود يليق بك

“We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.”
― Marcel Proust

“Before I can live with other folks I’ve got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn’t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience.”
― Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird

“Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.”
― Walt whitman

“Our ability to adapt is amazing. Our ability to change isn't quite as spectacular.”
― Lisa Lutz, The Spellmans Strike Again

“Women may fall when there's no strength in men.
Act II”
― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet

“There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.”
― Frank Herbert, Dune

“A man without words is a man without thought.”
― John Steinbeck, East of Eden

“Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.”
― Wil Zeus, Sun Beyond the Clouds

“It takes a great man to be a good listener.”
― Calvin Coolidge

“Sometimes you weren't supposed to share pain. Sometimes it was best just to deal with it alone.”
― Sarah Addison Allen, The Sugar Queen

“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Love of music, of sunsets and sea; a liking for the same kind of people; political opinions that are not radically divergent; a similar stance as we look at the stars and think of the marvelous strangeness of the universe - these are what build a marriage. And it is never to be taken for granted.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, Two-Part Invention: The Story of a Marriage

“Treachery and violence are spears pointed at both ends; they wound those who resort to them worse than their enemies.”
― Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights

“I do believe in simplicity. It is astonishing as well as sad, how many trivial affairs even the wisest thinks he must attend to in a day; how singular an affair he thinks he must omit. When the mathematician would solve a difficult problem, he first frees the equation of all incumbrances, and reduces it to its simplest terms. So simplify the problem of life, distinguish the necessary and the real. Probe the earth to see where your main roots run. ”
― Henry David Thoreau

“My feelings are too loud for words and too shy for the world.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.”
― Kahlil Gibran, Mirrors of the Soul

“Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to
you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something
bigger and better than your current situation.”
― Brian Tracy

“I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying
the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I
now enjoy. ”
― Anthony Robbins

“If curiosity killed the cat, it was satisfaction that brought it back.”
― Holly Black, Tithe

“Positive expectations are the mark of the superior personality.”
― Brian Tracy, Maximum Achievement: Strategies and Skills that Will Unlock Your Hidden Powers to Succeed

“I finally know the difference between pleasing and loving, obeying and respecting. It has taken me so many years to be okay with being different, and with being this alive, this intense. (xxvi)”
― Eve Ensler, I am an Emotional Creature

“The happiness of the drop is to die in the river.”
― Imam Al-Ghazali

“[The Old Astronomer to His Pupil]

Reach me down my Tycho Brahe, I would know him when we meet,
When I share my later science, sitting humbly at his feet;
He may know the law of all things, yet be ignorant of how
We are working to completion, working on from then to now.

Pray remember that I leave you all my theory complete,
Lacking only certain data for your adding, as is meet,
And remember men will scorn it, 'tis original and true,
And the obloquy of newness may fall bitterly on you.

But, my pupil, as my pupil you have learned the worth of scorn,
You have laughed with me at pity, we have joyed to be forlorn,
What for us are all distractions of men's fellowship and smiles;
What for us the Goddess Pleasure with her meretricious smiles.

You may tell that German College that their honor comes too late,
But they must not waste repentance on the grizzly savant's fate.
Though my soul may set in darkness, it will rise in perfect light;
I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.

What, my boy, you are not weeping? You should save your eyes for sight;
You will need them, mine observer, yet for many another night.
I leave none but you, my pupil, unto whom my plans are known.
You 'have none but me,' you murmur, and I 'leave you quite alone'?

Well then, kiss me, -- since my mother left her blessing on my brow,
There has been a something wanting in my nature until now;
I can dimly comprehend it, -- that I might have been more kind,
Might have cherished you more wisely, as the one I leave behind.

I 'have never failed in kindness'? No, we lived too high for strife,--
Calmest coldness was the error which has crept into our life;
But your spirit is untainted, I can dedicate you still
To the service of our science: you will further it? you will!

There are certain calculations I should like to make with you,
To be sure that your deductions will be logical and true;
And remember, 'Patience, Patience,' is the watchword of a sage,
Not to-day nor yet to-morrow can complete a perfect age.

I have sown, like Tycho Brahe, that a greater man may reap;
But if none should do my reaping, 'twill disturb me in my sleep
So be careful and be faithful, though, like me, you leave no name;
See, my boy, that nothing turn you to the mere pursuit of fame.

I must say Good-bye, my pupil, for I cannot longer speak;
Draw the curtain back for Venus, ere my vision grows too weak:
It is strange the pearly planet should look red as fiery Mars,--
God will mercifully guide me on my way amongst the stars.”
― Sarah Williams, Twilight Hours: A Legacy Of Verse

“Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy”
― Isaac Newton

“Time is not the great teacher. Experience is. A man may live a whole life, but if he never leaves his home to experience that life, he dies knowing nothing. A mere child who has suffered and lived can be the wiser of the two.”
― Lynsay Sands, Love Bites

“All sacrifice and suffering is redemptive. It is used to either teach the individual or to help others. Nothing is by chance.”
― A.J. RUSSELL

“It’s always hard to lose somebody. It leaves a hole in you heart that never grows back. ”
― Kevin Brooks, Lucas

“Anger exceeding limits causes fear and excessive kindness eliminates respect.”
― Euripides

“The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.”
― Eric Berne

“To hide feelings when you are near crying is the secret of dignity.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“It is wise to direct your anger towards problems -- not people; to focus your energies on answers -- not excuses.”
― William Arthur Ward

“There are women who make things better... simply by showing up. There are women who make things happen. There are women who make their way. There are women who make a difference. And women who make us smile. There are women of wit and wisdom who- through strength and courage- make it through. There are women who change the world everyday... Women like you.”
― Ashley Rice

“So wise so young, they say, do never live long.”
― William Shakespeare, Richard III

“No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.
The teacher who walks in the shadow of the temple, among his followers, gives not of his wisdom but rather of his faith and his lovingness.
If he is indeed wise he does not bid you enter the house of his wisdom, but rather leads you to the threshold of your own mind.”
― Khalil Gibran, The Prophet

“Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country.”
― Theodore Roosevelt

“For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him will believeth in anything. - Hitchens 3:16”
― Christopher Hitchens

“Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.”
― Francois De La Rochefoucauld

“Stories have a way of changing faces. They are unruly things, undisciplined, given to delinquency and the throwing of erasers. This is why we must close them up into thick, solid books, so they cannot get out and cause trouble.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making

“But that's how memory works," Bitterblue said quietly. "Things disappear without your permission, then come back again without your permission." And sometimes they came back incomplete and warped.”
― Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue

“Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise; seek what they sought.”
― Matsuo Basho

“Look for the good in every person and every situation. You'll almost always
find it.”
― Brian Tracy

“Every intelligent individual wants to know what makes him tick, and yet is at once fascinated and frustrated by the fact that oneself is the most difficult of all things to know.”
― Alan Watts

“To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.”
― Bill Watterson

“Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own.”
― Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays

“The wise are not wise because they make no mistakes. They are wise because they correct their mistakes as soon as they recognize them.”
― Orson Scott Card, Xenocide

“I will not deny but that the best apology against false accusers is silence and sufferance, and honest deeds set against dishonest words.”
― John Milton

“You can have many great ideas in your head, but what makes the difference is the action. Without action upon an idea, there will be no manifestation, no results, and no reward”
― Don Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom

“When they say the sky's the limit to me that's really true”
― Michael Jackson

“There are some experiences in life they haven't invented the right words for.”
― Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning

“Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he'll buy a funny hat. Talk to a hungry man about fish, and you're a consultant.”
― Scott Adams

“The worst thing: to give yourself away in exchange for not enough love.”
― Joyce Carol Oates

“Sanity calms, but madness is more interesting.”
― John Russell

“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
― Bohdi Sanders, The Secrets of Worldly Wisdom: Your Key to Unlocking Success

“I have studied many philosophers and many cats. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior.”
― Hippolyte A. Taine

“Dieting is the only game where you win when you lose!”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“How could I have been so ignorant? she thinks. So stupid, so unseeing, so given over to carelessness. But without such ignorance, such carelessness, how could we live? If you knew what was going to happen, if you knew everything that was going to happen next—if you knew in advance the consequences of your own actions—you'd be doomed. You'd be as ruined as God. You'd be a stone. You'd never eat or drink or laugh or get out of bed in the morning. You'd never love anyone, ever again. You'd never dare to.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin

“My father always used to say, "Don't raise your voice. Improve your argument." Good sense does not always lie with the loudest shouters, nor can we say that a large, unruly crowd is always the best arbiter of what is right.”
― Desmond Tutu

“أولادكم ليسوا لكم
أولادكم أبناء الحياة المشتاقة إلى نفسها, بكم يأتون إلى العالم, ولكن ليس منكم.
ومع أنهم يعيشون معكم, فهم ليسوا ملكاً لكم.
أنتم تستطيعون أن تمنحوهم محبتكم, ولكنكم لا تقدرون أن تغرسوا فيهم بذور أفكاركم, لأن لهم أفكارأً خاصةً بهم.
وفي طاقتكم أن تصنعوا المساكم لأجسادكم.
ولكن نفوسهم لا تقطن في مساكنكم.
فهي تقطن في مسكن الغد, الذي لا تستطيعون أن تزوروه حتى ولا في أحلامكم.
وإن لكم أن تجاهدوا لكي تصيروا مثلهم.
ولكنكم عبثاً تحاولون أن تجعلوهم مثلكم.
لأن الحياة لا ترجع إلى الوراء, ولا تلذ لها الإقامة في منزل الأمس.
أنتم الأقواس وأولادكم سهام حية قد رمت بها الحياة عن أقواسكم.
فإن رامي السهام ينظر العلامة المنصوبة على طريق اللانهاية, فيلويكم بقدرته لكي تكون سهامه سريعة بعيدة المدى.
لذلك, فليكن التواؤكم بين يدي رامي السهام الحكيم لأجل المسرة والغبطة.
لأنه, كما يحب السهم الذي يطير من قوسه, هكذا يحب القوس الذي يثبت بين يديه.”
― جبران خليل جبران, The Prophet

“Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity.”
― Brian Rathbone, Regent

“Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay.”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse”
― Joseph Brodsky

“To wisely live your life, you don't need to know much
Just remember two main rules for the beginning:
You better starve, than eat whatever
And better be alone, than with whoever.”
― Omar Khayyám, Rubaiyat

“A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying in other words that he is wiser today than he was yesterday.”
― Alexander Pope

“I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like.”
― Jess C Scott, New Order

“Travel brings wisdom only to the wise. It renders the ignorant more ignorant than ever.”
― Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings

“The fact that man knows right from wrong proves his intellectual superiority to the other creatures; but the fact that he can do wrong proves his moral inferiority to any creatures that cannot.”
― Mark Twain, What is Man?

“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
― Dr Roopleen, Words to inspire the winner in YOU

“Be wiser than other people if you can; but do not tell them so.”
― Dale Carnegie

“Yet what keeps me from dissolving right now into a complete fairy-tale shimmer is this solid truth, a truth which has veritably built my bones over the last few years--I was not rescued by a prince; I was the administrator of my own rescue.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“إلى البكائين على مافات٫ المتحيّرين وراء تحقيق المعجزات٫ الدائرين حول محور من أنفسهم يصارعون المنى وتصارعهم دون الانتهاء إلى قرار.. ألى هؤلاء نوجّه كلمة ( وليم جيمس ) : "ان بيننا وبين الله رابطة لاتنفصم٫ فإذا نحن أخضعنا أنفسنا لإشرافه-سبحانه وتعالى- تحققت أمنياتنا وآمالنا كلها”
― محمد الغزالي, جدد حياتك

“When you've learned to laugh at the things that should be laughed at, and not to laugh at those that shouldn't, you've got wisdom and understanding.”
― Lucy Maud Montgomery, Anne of the Island

“A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.”
― Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird

“Please, touch me, I pray.”
― Jess C Scott, The Intern

“Don't wish it was easier wish you were better. Don't wish for less problems wish for more skills. Don't wish for less challenge wish for more wisdom”
― Jim Rohn

“How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise!”
― Homer

“Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't three lefts make a right? Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't two negatives make a positive?”
― Andrew Clements, Things Not Seen

“Wisdom comes through suffering.
Trouble, with its memories of pain,
Drips in our hearts as we try to sleep,
So men against their will
Learn to practice moderation.
Favours come to us from gods.”
― Aeschylus, Agamemnon

“But if you believe yourself worthy of the thing you fought so hard to get, then you become an instrument of God, you help the Soul of the World, and you understand why you are here.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”
― Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations

“Can you look without the voice in your head commenting, drawing conclusions, comparing, or trying to figure something out?”
― Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose

“It is beautiful to express love and even more beautiful to feel it.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“No,’ Nico said. ‘Getting a second life is one thing. Making it a better life, that’s the trick.’ As soon as he said it, Nico realized he could’ve been talking about himself. He decided not to bring that up.”
― Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus

“You can't dwell on what might have been...and it's not fair to condemn him for something he hasn't done.”
― Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped

“Everything you do is triggered by an emotion of either desire or fear.”
― Brian Tracy

“I am the shore and the ocean, awaiting myself on both sides.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape

“To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“The path to success is to take massive, determined action.”
― Anthony Robbins

“I'm trying to undermine the basis of Christian belief... I'm not in the business of offending people. I find the books upholding certain values that I think are important, such as life is immensely valuable and this world is an extraordinarily beautiful place. We should do what we can to increase the amount of wisdom in the world.

[Washington Post interview, 19 February 2001]”
― philip pullman

“The future was one thing that could never be broken, because it had not yet had the chance to be anything.”
― Sarah Dessen, Saint Anything

“Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.”
― Brian Tracy

“Life is like a game of chess.
To win you have to make a move.
Knowing which move to make comes with IN-SIGHT
and knowledge, and by learning the lessons that are
acculated along the way.

We become each and every piece within the game called life!”
― Allan Rufus, The Master's Sacred Knowledge

“Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. In their gray visions they obtain glimpses of eternity, and thrill, in waking, to find that they have been upon the verge of the great secret. In snatches, they learn something of the wisdom which is of good, and more of the mere knowledge which is of evil.”
― Edgar Allan Poe, Complete Tales and Poems

“Life doesn't make any sense, and we all pretend it does. Comedy's job is to point out that it doesn't make sense, and that it doesn't make much difference anyway.”
― Eric Idle

“Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.”
― Deepak Chopra

“Conceit spoils the finest genius.”
― Louisa May Alcott, Little Women

“It can be difficult to leave a long-term relationship, even when our inner-wisdom tells us it's time to let go. At this point, we can choose let go and endure the intense pain of leaving behind the familiar to make way for a new chapter in our life. Or we can stay and suffer a low-grade pain that slowly eats away at our heart and soul, like an emotional cancer. Until we wake up, one day and realize, we are buried so deep in the dysfunction of the relationship that we scarcely remember who we were and what we wanted and needed to be.”
― Jaeda DeWalt

“Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.”
― Horace

“Time flows away like the water in the river. ”
― Confucius

“Mom, how do you know if the guy is the guy?”

You mean if he’ll be a good husband?” She pauses, then says “The ticket is for the man to love the woman more than she loves him.”

Shouldn’t it be equal?”

Mom cackles. “It can never be equal.”

But what if the woman loves the man more?”

A life of hell awaits her. As women, the deck is stacked against us because time is our enemy. We age, while men season. And trust me, there are plenty of women out there looking for a man, and they don’t mind staking a claim on somebody else’s husband, no matter how old, creaky, and deaf they are.”
― Adriana Trigiani, Very Valentine

“Everything you'll ever need to know is within you; the secrets of the universe are imprinted on the cells of your body.”
― Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives

“ليس كل ما يخطر للمرء يقوله ، لا سيما إذا كان صحيحا”
― محمد عفيفي, ترانيم في ظل تمارا

“The nail that sticks out farthest gets hammered the hardest.”
― Patrick Jones, Nailed

“Every form of art is another way of seeing the world. Another perspective, another window. And science –that’s the most spectacular window of all. You can see the entire universe from there.”
― Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You

“If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.”
― Mario Andretti

“All truly wise thoughts have been thought already thousands of times; but to make them truly ours, we must think them over again honestly, until they take root in our personal experience.”
― Goethe

“Many things that are true feel like a cheat. Kingdoms get the princes they deserve, farmers’ daughters die for no reason, and sometimes witches merit saving. Quite often, actually. You’d be surprised.”
― Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls

“Hide yourself in God, so when a man wants to find you he will have to go there first.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.”
― Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes

“The only real limitation on your abilities is the level of your desires. If you
want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve.
”
― Brian Tracy

“The way I define happiness is being the creator of your experience, choosing to take pleasure in what you have, right now, regardless of the circumstances, while being the best you that you can be.”
― Leo Babauta

“When health is absent, wisdom cannot reveal itself, art cannot manifest, strength cannot fight, wealth becomes useless, and intelligence cannot be applied.”
― Herophilus

“Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.”
― Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations

“Realize that everything connects to everything else.”
― Leonardo Da Vinci

“He must be very ignorant for he answers every question he is asked.”
― Voltaire

“Fame is a vapor, popularity is an accident, riches take wings, those who cheer today may curse tomorrow and only one thing endures - character.”
― Harry Truman

“It is not so much the major events as the small day-to-day decisions that map the course of our living. . . Our lives are, in reality, the sum total of our seemingly unimportant decisions and of our capacity to live by those decisions.”
― Gordon B. Hinckley

“If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.”
― Quentin R. Bufogle

“I have always felt that doubt was the beginning of wisdom, and the fear of God was the end of wisdom.”
― Clarence Darrow, The Story of My Life

“I thought to myself: I am wiser than this man; neither of us probably knows anything that is really good, but he thinks he has knowledge, when he has not, while I, having no knowledge, do not think I have.”
― Plato, Apology

“If Christ were here there is one thing he would not be—a Christian.”
― Mark Twain, Notebook

“You are an explorer, and you represent our species, and the greatest good you can do is to bring back a new idea, because our world is endangered by the absence of good ideas. Our world is in crisis because of the absence of consciousness.”
― Terence McKenna

“If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.”
― Tallulah Bankhead

“من قال لك أن درب الجنة معبد بالورود؟”
― أحمد خيري العمري, إدرينالين

“I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more
chances, Be more active, Show up more often.”
― Brian Tracy

“When you're in a Slump,
you're not in for much fun.
Un-slumping yourself
is not easily done.”
― Dr. Seuss, Oh, the Places You'll Go!

“He who is certain he knows the ending of things when he is only beginning them is either extremely wise or extremely foolish; no matter which is true, he is certainly an unhappy man, for he has put a knife in the heart of wonder.”
― Tad Williams, The Dragonbone Chair

“The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers.”
― Brian Tracy

“The first peace, which is the most important, is that which comes within the souls of people when they realize their relationship, their oneness with the universe and all its powers, and when they realize at the center of the universe dwells the Great Spirit, and that its center is really everywhere, it is within each of us.”
― Black Elk

“Mistakes are the growing pains of wisdom.”
― William Jordan

“Whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched...”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows

“Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.”
― Franklin D. Roosevelt

“I'm not lost, because I haven't any idea where to go that I might get lost on the way to. I'd like to get lost, because then I'd know where I was going, you see.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making

“The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now.”
― Leo Babauta

“The world is 3 days: As for yesterday, it has vanished along with all that was in it. As for tomorrow, you may never see it. As for today, it is yours, so work on it.”
― Hasan Al-Basri

“Aren't you, like me, hoping that some person, thing, or event will come along to give you that final feeling of inner well-being you desire? Don't you often hope: 'May this book, idea, course, trip, job, country or relationship fulfill my deepest desire.' But as long as you are waiting for that mysterious moment you will go on running helter-skelter, always anxious and restless, always lustful and angry, never fully satisfied. You know that this is the compulsiveness that keeps us going and busy, but at the same time makes us wonder whether we are getting anywhere in the long run. This is the way to spiritual exhaustion and burn-out. This is the way to spiritual death.”
― Henri J.M. Nouwen, Life of the Beloved: Spiritual Living in a Secular World

“An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“Sometimes wisdom came from strange places, even from giant teenaged goldfish.”
― Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena

“Even as a solid rock is unshaken by the wind, so are the wise unshaken by praise or blame.”
― Dhammapada

“He hated when his own advice applied to himself.”
― Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus

“But goodness alone is never enough. A hard, cold wisdom is required for goodness to accomplish good. Goodness without wisdom always accomplishes evil.”
― Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land

“A path is made by walking on it.”
― Chuang Tzu

“Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.”
― Brian Tracy

“People who say that yesterday was better than today are ultimately devaluing their own existence.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Veganism is not about giving anything up or losing anything; it is about gaining the peace within yourself that comes from embracing nonviolence and refusing to participate in the exploitation of the vulnerable”
― GaryLFrancione

“Many have died; you also will die. The drum of death is being beaten. The world has fallen in love with a dream. Only sayings of the wise will remain.”
― Kabir, The Bijak of Kabir

“Jasnah had once defined a fool as a person who ignored information because it disagreed with desired results.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance

“Chase away sorrow by living”
― Melissa Marr, Darkest Mercy

“There will come a time in your life when you lose something that matters to you. You'll fight for it and you won't win. But what really matters isn't the war you're waging, it's that you don't lose the person you are in the midst of the battle.”
― J. Sterling, The Perfect Game

“Life is like a sandwich!

Birth as one slice,
and death as the other.
What you put in-between
the slices is up to you.

Is your sandwich tasty or sour?
Allan Rufus.org”
― Allan Rufus

“A desire not to butt into other people's business is at least eighty percent of all human wisdom.”
― Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land

“People are always complaining that life's not fair, but that simply isn't true. Life is extraordinarily fair. It's just not centered on you.”
― Lynn Marie Sager, A River Worth Riding

“In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.”
― Ansel Adams

“It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.”
― Anna Wintour

“That woman doesn't have the sense God gave a retarded flea.”
― Nora Roberts, Black Rose

“Every person has a right to risk their own life for the preservation of it.”
― Jean Jacques Rousseau

“And thus, the actions of life often not allowing any delay, it is a truth very certain that, when it is not in our power to determine the most true opinions we ought to follow the most probable.”
― Rene Descartes, Discourse on Method

“In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.”
― Desiderius Erasmus

“Do not look for happiness outside yourself. The awakened seek happiness inside.”
― Peter Deunov

“Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.”
― Edward Abbey

“You look up when you wish to be exalted. And I look down because I am exalted.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra

“Great spirits have always encountered opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.”
― Albert Einstein

“A man convinced against his will
Is of the same opinion still”
― Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People

“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
― Kahlil Gibran

“Fear can’t be reasoned with. Neither can hate. They’re like love. They’re almost identical emotions. That’s why Ares and Aphrodite like each other. Their twin sons – Fear and Panic – were spawned from both war and love.”
― Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus

“Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.”
― Robert A. Heinlein, Have Space Suit—Will Travel

“In our reasonings concerning matter of fact, there are all imaginable degrees of assurance, from the highest certainty to the lowest species of moral evidence. A wise man, therefore, proportions his belief to the evidence.”
― David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding

“One must find the source within one's own Self, one must possess it. Everything else was seeking -- a detour, an error.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“A fool's paradise is a wise man's hell.”
― Thomas Fuller

“I have come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying, and for this reason, I can never be satisfied with anyone who would be blockhead enough to have me.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“They can't tell so much about you if you got your eyes closed.”
― Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest

“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
― Dr Roopleen, Words to inspire the winner in YOU

“He who binds to himself a joy
Does the winged life destroy;
But he who kisses the joy as it flies
Lives in eternity's sun rise.”
― William Blake

“We spend January 1st walking through our lives, room by room, drawing up a list of work to be done, cracks to be patched. Maybe this year, to balance the list, we ought to walk through the rooms of our lives...not looking for flaws, but for potential.”
― Ellen Goodman

“If a man could have half of his wishes, he would double his troubles.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“Imagine others complexly.”
― John Green, Paper Towns

“A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.”
― Zsa Zsa Gabor

“I would rather be able to appreciate things I cannot have than to have things I am not able to appreciate.”
― Elbert Hubbard

“The universe is big. It's vast and complicated and ridiculous. And sometimes—very rarely—impossible things just happen and we call them miracles.”
― Steven Moffat

“I like places like this," he announced.

I like old places too," Josh said, "but what's to like about a place like this?"

The king spread his arms wide. "What do you see?"

Josh made a face. "Junk. Rusted tractor, broken plow, old bike."

Ahh...but I see a tractor that was once used to till these fields. I see the plow it once pulled. I see a bicycle carefully placed out of harm's way under a table."

Josh slowly turned again, looking at the items once more.

And i see these things and I wonder at the life of the person who carefully stored the precious tractor and plow in the barn out of the weather, and placed their bike under a homemade table."

Why do you wonder?" Josh asked. "Why is it even important?"

Because someone has to remember," Gilgamesh snapped, suddenly irritated. "Some one has to remember the human who rode the bike and drove the tractor, the person who tilled the fields, who was born and lived and died, who loved and laughed and cried, the person who shivered in the cold and sweated in the sun." He walked around the barn again, touching each item, until his palm were red with rust." It is only when no one remembers, that you are truely lost. That is the true death.”
― Michael Scott, The Sorceress

“Before you become too entranced with gorgeous gadgets and mesmerizing video displays, let me remind you that information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, and wisdom is not foresight. Each grows out of the other, and we need them all.”
― Arthur C. Clarke

“I look back now and realize that the gift of a true friend is that she sees you not the way you see yourself or the way others see you. A true friend sees you for who you are and who you can become.”
― Robin Jones Gunn, Sisterchicks Say Ooh La La!

“We're all fools," said Clemens, "all the time. It's just we're a different kind each day. We think, I'm not a fool today. I've learned my lesson. I was a fool yesterday but not this morning. Then tomorrow we find out that, yes, we were a fool today too. I think the only way we can grow and get on in this world is to accept the fact we're not perfect and live accordingly.”
― Ray Bradbury, The Illustrated Man

“Discipline allows magic. To be a writer is to be the very best of assassins. You do not sit down and write every day to force the Muse to show up. You get into the habit of writing every day so that when she shows up, you have the maximum chance of catching her, bashing her on the head, and squeezing every last drop out of that bitch.”
― Lili St. Crow

“I'VE LEARNED THAT YOU CAN'T CONTROL WHAT OTHER PEOPLE ARE GOING TO THINK ABOUT YOU.
THE BEST YOU CAN DO IN LIFE IS NOT PISS YOURSELF
OFF.”
― Megan McCafferty, Second Helpings

“Things are not always what they seem; the first appearance deceives many; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden.”
― Phaedrus

“And I despise your books, I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world. It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage. You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe.”
― Anton Chekhov

“You'll never reach perfection because there's always room for improvement. Yet get along the way to perfection, you'll learn to get better.”
― Hlovate, Versus

“The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms.”
― Socrates

“Peace is not happenstance. It is a living fire that must be fed constantly. It must be tended with vigilance, else it dies out.”
― Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing

“The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term, is the indispensable prerequisite for success.”
― Brian Tracy

“Is it so far from madness to wisdom?"
- Daenerys Targaryen”
― George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones

“Time ripens all things; no man is born wise.”
― Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra

“We need not take refuge in supernatural gods to explain our saints and sages and heroes and statesmen, as if to explain our disbelief that mere unaided human beings could be that good or wise.”
― Abraham Maslow

“A wind that blows aimlessly is no good to anyone.”
― Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus

“The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.”
― Robin Sharma

“I have been finding treasures in places I did not want to search. I have been hearing wisdom from tongues I did not want to listen. I have been finding beauty where I did not want to look. And I have learned so much from journeys I did not want to take. Forgive me, O Gracious One; for I have been closing my ears and eyes for too long. I have learned that miracles are only called miracles because they are often witnessed by only those who can can see through all of life's illusions. I am ready to see what really exists on other side, what exists behind the blinds, and taste all the ugly fruit instead of all that looks right, plump and ripe.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Crying does not indicate that you are weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive.”
― Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre

“You're thinking about something, and it makes you forget to talk.”
― Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland

“He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.”
― Stephen King, The Dark Tower

“Always choose the future over the past. What do we do now?”
― Brian Tracy, Create Your Own Future: How to Master the 12 Critical Factors of Unlimited Success

“No matter what you do, someone always knew you would.”
― Ami McKay, The Birth House

“The wise man knows that it is better to sit on the banks of a remote mountain stream than to be emperor of the whole world.”
― Zhuangzi

“Dear Child,

Sometimes on your travel through hell, you meet people that think they are in heaven because of their cleverness and ability to get away with things. Travel past them because they don't understand who they have become and never will. These type of people feel justified in revenge and will never learn mercy or forgiveness because they live by comparison. They are the people that don't care about anyone, other than who is making them feel confident. They don’t understand that their deity is not rejoicing with them because of their actions, rather he is trying to free them from their insecurities, by softening their heart. They rather put out your light than find their own. They don't have the ability to see beyond the false sense of happiness they get from destroying others. You know what happiness is and it isn’t this. Don’t see their success as their deliverance. It is a mask of vindication which has no audience, other than their own kind. They have joined countless others that call themselves “survivors”. They believe that they are entitled to win because life didn’t go as planned for them. You are not like them. You were not meant to stay in hell and follow their belief system. You were bound for greatness. You were born to help them by leading. Rise up and be the light home. You were given the gift to see the truth. They will have an army of people that are like them and you are going to feel alone. However, your family in heaven stands beside you now. They are your strength and as countless as the stars. It is time to let go!

Love,

Your Guardian Angel”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Wisdom is one of the few things that looks bigger the further away it is.”
― Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad

“For with much wisdom comes much sorrow; the more knowledge the more grief.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“A person's rightful due is to be treated as an object of love, not as an object for use.”
― Pope John Paul II, Love and Responsibility

“In examining disease, we gain wisdom about anatomy and physiology and biology. In examining the person with disease, we gain wisdom about life.”
― Oliver W. Sacks

“Men have two greatest fears: the first fear is the fear of being needed, and the second fear is the fear of not being needed.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I visited many places,
Some of them quite
Exotic and far away,
But I always returned to myself.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“That's not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.”
― Judy Blume, Forever . . .

“Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.”
― Winston S. Churchill

“To be evenminded
is the greatest virtue.
Wisdom is to speak
the truth and act
in keeping with its nature.”
― Heraclitus, Fragments

“Don't go on discussing what a good person should be. Just be one.”
― Marcus Aurelius, Meditations

“Liberty without Learning is always in peril and Learning without Liberty is always in vain.”
― John F. Kennedy

“Why should we place Christ at the top and summit of the human race? Was he kinder, more forgiving, more self-sacrificing than Buddha? Was he wiser, did he meet death with more perfect calmness, than Socrates? Was he more patient, more charitable, than Epictetus? Was he a greater philosopher, a deeper thinker, than Epicurus? In what respect was he the superior of Zoroaster? Was he gentler than Lao-tsze, more universal than Confucius? Were his ideas of human rights and duties superior to those of Zeno? Did he express grander truths than Cicero? Was his mind subtler than Spinoza’s? Was his brain equal to Kepler’s or Newton’s? Was he grander in death – a sublimer martyr than Bruno? Was he in intelligence, in the force and beauty of expression, in breadth and scope of thought, in wealth of illustration, in aptness of comparison, in knowledge of the human brain and heart, of all passions, hopes and fears, the equal of Shakespeare, the greatest of the human race?”
― Robert G. Ingersoll, About The Holy Bible

“And the fox said to the little prince: men have forgotten this truth, but you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupery

“Humor can get in under the door while seriousness is still fumbling at the handle.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“There are many goals but one path - the path of compassion.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Lucy: You learn more when you lose
Charlie Brown: Well then I must be the smartest person in world!!!”
― Charles M. Schulz, Peanuts Treasury

“Quiet people always know more than they seem. Although very normal, their inner world is by default fronted mysterious and therefore assumed weird. Never underestimate the social awareness and sense of reality in a quiet person; they are some of the most observant, absorbent persons of all.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“I don't fancy colors of the face, I'm always attracted to colors of the brain.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“When writing, there are some scenes that are emotionally overwhelming. They completely overcome the author, and only when they do this can they cause a similar reaction in the reader.

Through this, the author gets to experience multiple lives. If a character's life flashes before their eyes, it flashes before the author's eyes too, and he or she remembers it as his or her own.

With reading, we get to live other lives vicariously, and this is doubly so with writing. It is like a lucid dream, where we guide the outcome. In this, we don't merely write *about* a character -- we momentarily *become* them, and walk as they walk, think as they think, and do as they do. When we return to our own life, we might return a little shaken, likely a little stronger, hopefully a little wiser.

What is certain is that we return better, because experiencing the lives of others makes us understand their aims and dreams, their fears and foils, the challenges and difficulties, and joys and triumphs, that they face. It helps us grow and empathise, and see all the little pictures that make up the bigger one we see from the omniscience of the narrator.”
― Dean F. Wilson

“If you want to annoy a poet, explain his poetry.”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms

“Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know—and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance. It is better to know—even if the knowledge endures only for the moment that comes before destruction—than to gain eternal life at the price of a dull and swinish lack of comprehension of a universe that swirls unseen before us in all its wonder. That was the choice of Achilles, and it is mine, too.”
― Isaac Asimov

“Where are you? Here
What time is it? Now
What are you? This moment.”
― Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives

“Have love for your inner Self and everything else is done for you.”
― Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity

“He who dares not offend cannot be honest.”
― Thomas Paine

“Goodness without wisdom always accomplishes evil.”
― Robert Heinlein

“youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.”
― Aristotle

“There were many terrible things in my life and most of them never happened.”
― Michel de Montaigne

“Wherever I go, I meet myself.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape

“To force oneself to believe and to accept a thing without understanding is political, and not spiritual or intellectual.”
― Siddhārtha Gautama

“Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.”
― Evanescence

“The more humble and obedient to God a man is, the more wise and at peace he will be in all that he does.”
― Thomas à Kempis, The Inner Life

“Better to shun the bait than struggle in the snare.”
― William Blake

“It is rare for people to be asked the question which puts them squarely in front of themselves”
― Arthur Miller, The Crucible

“What happens to people living in a society where everyone in power is lying, stealing, cheating and killing, and in our hearts we all know this, but the consequences of facing all these lies are so monstrous, we keep on hoping that maybe the corporate government administration and media are on the level with us this time.
Americans remind me of survivors of domestic abuse.
This is always the hope that this is the very, very, very last time one's ribs get re-broken again. ”
― Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence

“He who acts, spoils; he who grasps, lets slip.”
― Lao Tzu

“قهوتك يجب أن تكون كما تحب!
“معظم الناس الذين يريدون أن يحققوا شيئا في حياتهم يركزون على نقاط ضعفهم،ويحاولون طوال حياتهم جاهدين تقويتها متناسين في نفس الوقت نقاط قوتهم , وتكون النتيجة أن تقوى نقاط ضعفهم لتوازي نقاط قوتهم التي تبقى على حالها، ليصبح الإنسان شخصا عاديًا . ” ياسر حارب*”
― ياسر حارب, بيكاسو وستاربكس

“If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.”
― Anthon St. Maarten, Divine Living: The Essential Guide To Your True Destiny

“Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.”
― Gertrude Stein

“Gamitin ang puso para alagaan ang taong malapit sayo. Gamitin ang utak
para alagaan ang sarili mo.”
― bob ong

“Capabilities are clearly manifested only when they have been realized.”
― Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex

“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best, he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear his shoes, bathe, and not make messes in the house.”
― Robert Heinlein

“May your feet ever walk in the light of two suns... and may the moonshadow never fall on you... ”
― Robert Fanney

“My father taught me that you can you read a hundred books on wisdom and write a hundred books on wisdom, but unless you apply what you learned then its only words on a page. Life is not lived with intentions, but action.”
― Shannon Alder

“Cleverness is not wisdom.”
― Euripides, The Bacchae

“He who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it.”
― Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four

“I only know that I know nothing”
― Socrates

“In the heartfelt mercy of our God, the dawn from on high will visit us, to shine on those sitting in darkness, in the shadow of death, to guide our feet to the way of peace.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Ethical veganism results in a profound revolution within the individual; a complete rejection of the paradigm of oppression and violence that she has been taught from childhood to accept as the natural order. It changes her life and the lives of those with whom she shares this vision of nonviolence. Ethical veganism is anything but passive; on the contrary, it is the active refusal to cooperate with injustice”
― GaryLFrancione

“If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.”
― Askhari Johnson Hodari, Lifelines: The Black Book of Proverbs

“Caminante, no hay puentes, se hace puentes al andar.

(Voyager, there are no bridges, one builds them as one walks.) ”
― Gloria Anzaldúa

“Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?”
― T.S. Eliot, The Rock

“errare humanum est, sed perseverare diabolicum: 'to err is human, but to persist (in the mistake) is diabolical.”
― Lucius Annaeus Seneca

“A wise man always has something to say, whereas a fool always needs to say something.”
― Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S

“Granny was an old-fashioned witch. She didn’t do good for people, she did right by them.”
― Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum

“Excellence/Perfection is not a destination; it is a continuous journey that never ends.”
― Brian Tracy

“Where there is anger there is always pain underneath.”
― Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now

“They will envy you for your success, your wealth, for your intelligence, for your looks, for your status - but rarely for your wisdom.”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms

“All teachings are mere references. The true experience is living your own life. Then, even the holiest of words are only words.”
― Deng Ming-Dao

“COMING FORTH INTO THE LIGHT

I was born the day
I thought:
What is?
What was?
And
What if?

I was transformed the day
My ego shattered,
And all the superficial, material
Things that mattered
To me before,
Suddenly ceased
To matter.

I really came into being
The day I no longer cared about
What the world thought of me,
Only on my thoughts for
Changing the world.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The more you know, the less you need.”
― Yvon Chouinard, Let My People Go Surfing: The Education of a Reluctant Businessman

“Each person you meet
is an aspect of yourself,
clamoring for love.”
― Eric Micha'el Leventhal

“Being alive is sign of strength!”
― Hiro Mashima, フェアリーテイル 31 講談社キャラクターズA [Fearī Teiru 31 Special Edition DVD Bundle]

“The most important thing is this: to sacrifice what you are now for what you can become tomorrow.”
― Shannon Alder

“REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESS

Before you were born,
And were still too tiny for
The human eye to see,
You won the race for life
From among 250 million competitors.
And yet,
How fast you have forgotten
Your strength,
When your very existence
Is proof of your greatness.
You were born a winner,
A warrior,
One who defied the odds
By surviving the most gruesome
Battle of them all.
And now that you are a giant,
Why do you even doubt victory
Against smaller numbers,
And wider margins?
The only walls that exist,
Are those you have placed in your mind.
And whatever obstacles you conceive,
Exist only because you have forgotten
What you have already
Achieved.

Poetry by Suzy Kassem”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.”
― Kahlil Gibran

“Adventure is not outside man; it is within.”
― George Eliot

“Okay, this is the wisdom. First, time spent on reconnaissanse is never wasted. Second, almost anything can be improved with the addition of bacon. And finally, there is no problem on Earth that can't be ameliorated by a hot bath and a cup of tea.”
― Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey

“Silence does not always mark wisdom.”
― Samuel Taylor Coleridge

“But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for...or if the bastard was going to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place.”
― J.R. Ward, Crave

“Use the wings of the flying Universe,
Dream with open eyes;
See in darkness.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do. ”
― Zsa Zsa Gabor

“In his face there came to be a brooding peace that is seen most often in the faces of the very sorrowful or the very wise. But still he wandered through the streets of the town, always silent and alone.”
― Carson McCullers, The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter

“We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.”
― Gary L. Francione

“Because some things are never meant to be anything more than a moment. And that was one of them.”
― Kevin Brooks, Lucas

“Ignorance is hardly unusual, Miss Davar. The longer I live, the more I come to realize that it is the natural state of the human mind. There are many who will strive to defend its sanctity and then expect you to be impressed with their efforts.”
― Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings

“It’s never overreacting to ask for what you want and need.”
― Amy Poehler

“There is another alphabet, whispering from every leaf, singing from every river, shimmering from every sky.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“A student, filled with emotion and crying, implored, "Why is there so much suffering?"

Suzuki Roshi replied, "No reason.”
― Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Is Right Here: Teaching Stories and Anecdotes of Shunryu Suzuki, Author of "ZEN Mind, Beginner's Mind"

“This world is your best teacher. There is a lesson in everything. There is a lesson in each experience. Learn it and become wise. Every failure is a stepping stone to success. Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith. Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength. Therefore nil desperandum. March forward hero!”
― Sivananda

“Imagine no limitations; decide what's right and desirable before you decide
what's possible.”
― Brian Tracy

“A point of view can be a dangerous luxury when substituted for insight and understanding.”
― Marshall McLuhan, The Gutenberg Galaxy: The Making of Typographic Man

“But then one regrets the loss even of one's worst habits. Perhaps one regrets them the most. They are such an essential part of one's personality.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

“Mum liked to say that some things happen for a reason, that sometimes obstacles were there to stop you from doing something stupid.”
― Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races

“The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.”
― Isaac Asimov

“I believe much trouble and blood would be saved if we opened our hearts more.”
― Chief Joseph

“re-examine all you have been told in school or church or in any book, and dismiss whatever insults your own soul; and your very flesh shall be a great poem, and have the richest fluency, not only in its words, but in the silent lines of its lips and face, and between the lashes of your eyes, and in every motion and joint of your body.

[From the preface to Leaves Grass]”
― Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass

“How you spend your time is more important than how you spend your money. Money mistakes can be corrected, but time is gone forever.”
― David Norris

“What one thinks is right is not always the same as what others think is right; no one can be always right.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“Knowledge is merely brilliance in organization of ideas and not wisdom. The truly wise person goes beyond knowledge.”
― Confucius

“I feel with some passion that what we truly are is private, and almost infinitely complex, and ambiguous, and both external and internal, and double- or triple- or multiply natured, and largely mysterious even to ourselves; and furthermore that what we are is only part of us, because identity, unlike "identity", must include what we do. And I think that to find oneself and every aspect of this complexity reduced in the public mind to one property that apparently subsumes all the rest ("gay", "black", "Muslim", whatever) is to be the victim of a piece of extraordinary intellectual vulgarity.”
― Philip Pullman

“Acquiring wisdom is great but it is not the goal, applying it is.”
― idowu koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability

“Praise not the day until evening has come, a woman until she is burnt, a sword until it is tried, a maiden until she is married, ice until it has been crossed, beer until it has been drunk.”
― Michael Crichton, Eaters of the Dead

“Habit rules the unreflecting herd.”
― William Wordsworth

“If you want to fly on the sky, you need to leave the earth. If you want to move forward, you need to let go the past that drags you down.”
― Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird

“well, sometimes to get what you want the most, you have to do what you want the least.”
― Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper

“If you don't feel it, flee from it. Go where you are celebrated, not merely tolerated.”
― Paul F. Davis

“They'll say you are bad
or perhaps you are mad
or at least you
should stay undercover.
Your mind must be bare
if you would dare
to think you can love
more than one lover.”
― David Rovics

“I was tired of seeing the Graces always depicted as beautiful young things. I think wisdom comes with age and life and pain. And knowing what matters.”
― Louise Penny, A Fatal Grace

“Expect nothing. Live frugally
On surprise.
become a stranger
To need of pity
Or, if compassion be freely
Given out
Take only enough
Stop short of urge to plead
Then purge away the need.

Wish for nothing larger
Than your own small heart
Or greater than a star;
Tame wild disappointment
With caress unmoved and cold
Make of it a parka
For your soul.

Discover the reason why
So tiny human midget
Exists at all
So scared unwise
But expect nothing. Live frugally
On surprise.”
― alice walker

“Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse.”
― Heraclitus, Fragments

“Maybe it just means that love can be stronger than fear.”
― L.J. Smith, The Forbidden Game

“If I had a shiny gun
I could have a world of fun
Speeding bullets through the brains
Of the folks that cause me pains :)”
― Dorothy Parker

“Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity.”
― Deepak Chopra

“Consider non your superior, whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your belief and others will listen." he continued at a slower pace, " of the affairs of love ... my only advice is to be honest. thats your most powerfull too to unlock a heart or gain forgiveness. that is all i have to say"Garrow to Roran p 64”
― Christopher Paolini, Eragon

“Love is wise; hatred is foolish. In this world, which is getting more and more closely interconnected, we have to learn to tolerate each other, we have to learn to put up with the fact that some people say things that we don't like. We can only live together in that way. But if we are to live together, and not die together, we must learn a kind of charity and a kind of tolerance, which is absolutely vital to the continuation of human life on this planet.”
― Bertrand Russell

“We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine.”
― H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy

“The way you give your name to others is a measure of how much you like and
respect yourself.”
― Brian Tracy

“We understand more than we know.”
― Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake

“Advice," Doña Vorchenza chuckled. "Advice. The years play a sort of alchemical trick, transmuting one's mutterings to a state of respectability. Give advice at forty and you're a nag. Give it at seventy and you're a sage.”
― Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora

“Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else. One is not "in love", one is love. And of course when one is love, one is in love – but that is an outcome, a by-product, that is not the source. The source is that one is love.”
― Osho

“You must purge yourself before finding faults in others.
When you see a mistake in somebody else, try to find if you are making the same mistake.
This is the way to take judgment and to turn it into improvement.
Do not look at others' bodies with envy or with superiority.
All people are born with different constitutions.
Never compare with others.
Each one's capacities are a function of his or her internal strength.
Know your capacities and continually improve upon them.”
― B.K.S. Iyengar, Light on Life

“It seems wisest to assume the worst from the beginning...and let anything better come as a surprise.”
― Jules Verne, The Mysterious Island

“For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I’ve met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.”
― Forrest Curran

“Ô, Wanderess, Wanderess
When did you feel your
most euphoric kiss?
Was I the source
of your greatest bliss?”
― Roman Payne

“God is the supreme uncreated light of which Wisdom is born, but there was never a time when God's Wisdom did not exist.”
― Merritt Y. Hughes, Ten Perspectives on Milton

“All our wisdom is stored in the trees.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“ In meditation we discover our inherent restlessness. Sometimes we get up and leave. Sometimes we sit there but our bodies wiggle and squirm and our minds go far away. This can be so uncomfortable that we feel’s it’s impossible to stay. Yet this feeling can teach us not just about ourselves but what it is to be human…we really don’t want to stay with the nakedness of our present experience. It goes against the grain to stay present. These are the times when only gentleness and a sense of humor can give us the strength to settle down…so whenever we wander off, we gently encourage ourselves to “stay” and settle down. Are we experiencing restlessness? Stay! Are fear and loathing out of control? Stay! Aching knees and throbbing back? Stay! What’s for lunch? Stay! I can’t stand this another minute! Stay!””
― Pema Chödrön, The Places That Scare You: A Guide to Fearlessness in Difficult Times

“A great tree develops over time and can tell stories not only those of happiness, but also those that contain pain from what it has seen over the years, and as a result is the wise ancient tree that it is today. As the seasons change, the tree naturally goes through changes as well: where the leaves turn yellow and orange in the fall, falling by the Winter, returning in the Spring, and with full set of new leafs by the Summer. Love is no different in that there will be times when we are fully naked in the Winter, and left to wonder about Spring when it seemed so easy to love, yet the wise tree knows that no winter will last forever no matter how cold it may be.”
― Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love

“As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustn’t feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such.”
― Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love

“و ميز كلامك قبل الكلام… فإن لكل كلام جواب
فرب كلام يمص الحشى … و فيه من المزح ما يستطاب”
― محمد بن إدريس الشافعي, ديوان الإمام الشافعي

“A person is wise if he listens to millions of advice and doesn't implement any of it.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open.”
― Forrest Curran

“Some we proudly display on our arms, while others we shyly conceal. Tattoo the moments of sorrow as well as the moments of splendor and beauty. Tattoo in an acknowledgment and tribute to home, and tattooing your beliefs that define who you are. Whether we intended to or not, every moment of our lives are tattooed to our heart.”
― Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love

“Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“Do you understand what I'm saying?"
shouted Moist. "You can't just go around killing people!"
"Why Not? You Do." The golem lowered his arm.
"What?" snapped Moist. "I do not! Who told you that?"
"I Worked It Out. You Have Killed Two Point Three Three Eight People," said the golem calmly.
"I have never laid a finger on anyone in my life, Mr Pump. I may be–– all the things you know I am, but I am not a killer! I have never so much as drawn a sword!"
"No, You Have Not. But You Have Stolen, Embezzled, Defrauded And Swindled Without Discrimination, Mr Lipvig. You Have Ruined Businesses And Destroyed Jobs. When Banks Fail, It Is Seldom Bankers Who Starve. Your Actions Have Taken Money From Those Who Had Little Enough To Begin With. In A Myriad Small Ways You Have Hastened The Deaths Of Many. You Do Not Know Them. You Did Not See Them Bleed. But You Snatched Bread From Their Mouths And Tore Clothes From Their Backs. For Sport, Mr Lipvig. For Sport. For The Joy Of The Game.”
― Terry Pratchett, Going Postal

“Morality is temporary, wisdom is permanent.”
― Hunter S. Thompson, Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child in the Final Days of the American Century

“Life moves very fast. It rushes from Heaven to Hell in a matter of seconds.”
― Paulo Coelho

“You don't have to make something that people call art. Living is an artistic activity, there is an art to getting through the day.”
― viggo mortensen

“If one makes a mistake, then an apology is usually sufficient to get things back on an even keel. However-and this is a big ‘however’- most people do not ever know why their apology did not seem to have any effect. It is simply that they did not make a mistake; they made a choice…and never understood the difference between the two.”
― Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective

“Failure is instructive. The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes.”
― John Dewey

“All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.”
― Brian Tracy, Personal Success

“Once the writer in every individual comes to life (and that time is not far off), we are in for an age of universal deafness and lack of understanding.”
― Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting

“Wisdom ain't a virtue I ever aspired to.”
― Moira Young, Blood Red Road

“I believe life is constantly testing us for our level of commitment, and life's
greatest rewards are reserved for those who demonstrate a never-ending
commitment to act until they achieve. This level of resolve can move mountains, but it must be constant and consistent. As simplistic as this may
sound, it is still the common denominator separating those who live their
dreams from those who live in regret.”
― Anthony Robbins

“Life is boring. People are vengeful. Good things always end. We do so many things and we don’t know why, and if we do find out why, it’s decades later and knowing why doesn’t matter any more.”
― Douglas Coupland

“If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.”
― Brian Tracy

“Clear thinking at the wrong moment can stifle creativity.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeates all things.”
― Heraclitus, Fragments

“She thought about her life and how lost she’d felt for most of it. She thought about the way that all truths she’d been taught to consider valuable invariably conflicted with the world as it was actually lived. How could a person be so utterly lost, yet remain living?”
― Douglas Coupland, All Families are Psychotic

“And, at such a time, for a few of us there will always be a tugging at the heart—knowing a precious moment had gone and we not there. We can ask and ask but we can’t have again what once seemed ours for ever—the way things looked, that church alone in the fields, a bed on belfry floor, a remembered voice, a loved face. They’ve gone and you can only wait for the pain to pass. ”
― J.L. Carr, A Month in the Country

“Only ignorance excuses stupidity”
― Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood

“The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek
opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you
desire.”
― Brian Tracy

“It takes a lot of rehearsing for a man to be himself.”
― William Saroyan

“We do learn and develop when we are exposed to those who are greater than we are. Perhaps this is the chief way we mature.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, Two-Part Invention: The Story of a Marriage

“Socrates: Have you noticed on our journey how often the citizens of this new land remind each other it is a free country?
Plato: I have, and think it odd they do this.
Socrates: How so, Plato?
Plato: It is like reminding a baker he is a baker, or a sculptor he is a
sculptor.
Socrates: You mean to say if someone is convinced of their trade, they have
no need to be reminded.
Plato: That is correct.
Socrates: I agree. If these citizens were convinced of their freedom, they would not need reminders.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“All art is but dirtying the paper delicately.”
― John Ruskin, The Elements of Drawing

“The revolution is not an apple that falls when ripe. You have to make it fall.”
― Che Guevara

“Were these boys in their right minds? Here were two boys with good intellect, one eighteen and one nineteen. They had all the prospects that life could hold out for any of the young; one a graduate of Chicago and another of Ann Arbor; one who had passed his examination for the Harvard Law School and was about to take a trip in Europe,--another who had passed at Ann Arbor, the youngest in his class, with three thousand dollars in the bank. Boys who never knew what it was to want a dollar; boys who could reach any position that was to boys of that kind to reach; boys of distinguished and honorable families, families of wealth and position, with all the world before them. And they gave it all up for nothing, for nothing! They took a little companion of one of them, on a crowded street, and killed him, for nothing, and sacrificed everything that could be of value in human life upon the crazy scheme of a couple of immature lads.

Now, your Honor, you have been a boy; I have been a boy. And we have known other boys. The best way to understand somebody else is to put yourself in his place.

Is it within the realm of your imagination that a boy who was right, with all the prospects of life before him, who could choose what he wanted, without the slightest reason in the world would lure a young companion to his death, and take his place in the shadow of the gallows?

...No one who has the process of reasoning could doubt that a boy who would do that is not right.

How insane they are I care not, whether medically or legally. They did not reason; they could not reason; they committed the most foolish, most unprovoked, most purposeless, most causeless act that any two boys ever committed, and they put themselves where the rope is dangling above their heads....

Why did they kill little Bobby Franks?

Not for money, not for spite; not for hate. They killed him as they might kill a spider or a fly, for the experience. They killed him because they were made that way. Because somewhere in the infinite processes that go to the making up of the boy or the man something slipped, and those unfortunate lads sit here hated, despised, outcasts, with the community shouting for their blood.

. . . I know, Your Honor, that every atom of life in all this universe is bound up together. I know that a pebble cannot be thrown into the ocean without disturbing every drop of water in the sea. I know that every life is inextricably mixed and woven with every other life. I know that every influence, conscious and unconscious, acts and reacts on every living organism, and that no one can fix the blame. I know that all life is a series of infinite chances, which sometimes result one way and sometimes another. I have not the infinite wisdom that can fathom it, neither has any other human brain”
― Clarence Darrow, Attorney for the Damned: Clarence Darrow in the Courtroom

“Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: For wither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: Thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“We become so absorbed in our flaws and faults that we forget that it is better to be a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. To have flaws is beauty in itself, a fact so frightening that we hurry to hide them from sight and tarnish the whole in the process of comparing ourselves to others.”
― Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love

“With every part you act, there must be a little of yourself in it. If there isn't, it's not acting. It's lying.”
― Johnny Depp

“It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information.”
― Oscar Wilde

“There are four things that lead to wisdom. You ready for them?'
She nodded, wondering when the police work would begin.
"They are four sentences we learn to say, and mean." Gamache held up his hand as a fist and raised a finger with each point. "I don't know. I need help. I'm sorry. I was wrong'.”
― Louise Penny, Still Life

“Good morning," said the little prince.

Good morning," said the merchant.

This was a merchant who sold pills that had been invented to quench thirst. You need only swallow one pill a week, and you would feel no need for anything to drink.

Why are you selling those?" asked the little prince.

Because they save a tremendous amount of time," said the merchant. "Computations have been made by experts. With these pills, you save fifty-three minutes in every week."
And what do I do with those fifty-three minutes?"

Anything you like..."

As for me," said the little prince to himself, "if I had fifty-three minutes to spend as I liked, I should walk at my leisure toward a spring of fresh water.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

“Most women had the one thing in common: they had great pain when they gave birth to their children. This should make a bond that held them all together; it should make them love and protect each other against the man-world. But it was not so. It seemed like their great birth pains shrank their hearts and their souls. They stuck together for only one thing: to trample on some other woman... whether it was by throwing stones or by mean gossip. It was the only kind of loyalty they seemed to have. Men were different. They might hate each other but they stuck together against the world and against any woman who would ensnare one of them.”
― Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn

“Affliction is often that thing which prepares an ordinary person for some sort of an extraordinary destiny.”
― C.S. Lewis

“More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying them”
― Harold J. Smith

“With age comes wisdom, but sometimes age comes alone.”
― Oscar Wilde

“The Master said, “A true teacher is one who, keeping the past alive, is also able to understand the present.”
(Analects 2.11)”
― Confucius

“We need houses as we need clothes, architecture stimulates fashion. It’s like hunger and thirst — you need them both.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Every minute you spend in planning saves 10 minutes in execution; this gives
you a 1,000 percent Return on Energy!”
― Brian Tracy

“The beginning of wisdom, as they say. When you're seventeen you know everything. When you're twenty-seven if you still know everything you're still seventeen.”
― Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine

“Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.”
― GaryLFrancione

“Don't be jealous of anyone. I guarantee you, if everyone walked into a room, and dumped their problems onto the floor, when they saw what everyone else's problems were, they'd be scrambling to get their own problems back before someone else got to them first.”
― Kim Gruenenfelder, A Total Waste of Makeup

“The immature think that knowledge and action are different, but the wise see them as the same.”
― Anonymous, Bhagavad Gita: El Canto del Senor

“The more credit you give away, the more will come back to you. The more you
help others, the more they will want to help you.”
― Brian Tracy

“If you envy successful people, you create a negative force field of attraction
that repels you from ever doing the things that you need to do to be successful.
If you admire successful people, you create a positive force field of attraction
that draws you toward becoming more and more like the kinds of people that
you want to be like.”
― Brian Tracy

“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“The rule of the universe is that others can do for us what we cannot do for ourselves, and one can paddle every canoe except one's own. ”
― C.S. Lewis

“Take the matter as you find it ask no questions, utter no remonstrances; it is your best wisdom. You expected bread and you have got a stone: break your teeth on it, and don't shriek because the nerves are martyrised; do not doubt that your mental stomach - if you have such a thing - is strong as an ostrich's; the stone will digest. You held out your hand for an egg, and fate put into it a scorpion. Show no consternation; close your fingers firmly upon the gift; let it sting through your palm. Never mind; in time, after your hand and arm have swelled and quivered long with torture, the squeezed scorpion will die, and you will have learned the great lesson how to endure without a sob.”
― Charlotte Brontë

“You see, the best thing about wrong decisions is that they don’t prevent you from making the right decisions later on. It’s harder, but it’s not impossible.”
― Siobhan Vivian, Not That Kind of Girl

“It seems that a profound, impartial, and absolutely just opinion of our fellow-creatures is utterly unknown. Either we are men, or we are women. Either we are cold, or we are sentimental. Either we are young, or growing old. In any case life is but a procession of shadows, and God knows why it is that we embrace them so eagerly, and see them depart with such anguish, being shadows. And why, if this -- and much more than this is true -- why are we yet surprised in the window corner by a sudden vision that the young man in the chair is of all things in the world the most real, the most solid, the best known to us--why indeed? For the moment after we know nothing about him.

Such is the manner of our seeing. Such the conditions of our love.”
― Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room

“A breeze, a forgotten summer, a smile, all can fit into a storefront window.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“Life is a journey, Frannie darling," Feagan had once told me. "Choose well those with whom you travel."
As always, I've followed Feagan's counsel.”
― Lorraine Heath, Surrender to the Devil

“Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world ...”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“It's always hard to remember love - years pass and you say to yourself, Was I really in love, or was I just kidding myself? Was I really in love, or was I just pretending he was the man of my dreams? Was I really in love, or was I just desperate?”
― Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad About My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman

“We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.”
― Thomas Fuller

“Perhaps a man really dies when his brain stops, when he loses the power to take in a new idea.”
― George Orwell, Coming Up for Air

“Burnout is nature's way of telling you, you've been going through the motions your soul has departed; you're a zombie, a member of the walking dead, a sleepwalker. False optimism is like administrating stimulants to an exhausted nervous system.”
― Sam Keen, Fire in the Belly: On Being a Man

“A dog can never tell you what she knows from the
smells of the world, but you know, watching her,
that you know
almost nothing.”
― Mary Oliver, Dog Songs

“Knowledge that is acquired
is not like this. Those who have it worry if
audiences like it or not.
It's a bait for popularity.
Disputational knowing wants customers.
It has no soul...
The only real customer is God.
Chew quietly
your sweet sugarcane God-Love, and stay
playfully childish.”
― Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi, The Essential Rumi

“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”
― Amit Kalantri

“You are not what you are;
You are darkness
Looking for light within.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987

“There can be as many wrong reasons to do the right thing as there are stars in the sky. There might even be more than one legitimate right reason. But there is never a right reason to do the wrong thing. Not ever.”
― Donita K. Paul, DragonKnight

“I used to think I knew what was right and what was wrong, and who the good guys are, and who the bad guys are. Then the world got very gray, and I didn't know anything for a long time”
― Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams

“I don’t think man was meant to attain happiness so easily. Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“I don’t think it would have all got me quite so down if just once in a while—just once in a while—there was at least some polite little perfunctory implication that knowledge should lead to wisdom, and that if it doesn't, it's just a disgusting waste of time! But there never is! You never even hear any hints dropped on a campus that wisdom is supposed to be the goal of knowledge. You hardly ever even hear the word 'wisdom' mentioned!”
― J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey

“Who is wise? He that learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“Whenever a theory appears to you as the only possible one, take this as a sign that you have neither understood the theory nor the problem which it was intended to solve.”
― Karl Popper

“I remember growing up, saying you’re an artist it sounds pretentious but now it’s one of the only dignified things that you can call yourself. ”
― Marilyn Manson

“Errors do not cease to be errors simply because they’re ratified into law.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“Yeah. I mean, acknowledging is easy. Something happened or it didn't. But understanding... that's where things get sticky.”
― Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye

“He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.”
― Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching

“The barrier during self-improvement is not so much that we hate learning, rather we hate being taught. To learn entails that the knowledge was achieved on one's own accord - it feels great - but to be taught often leaves a feeling of inferiority. Thus it takes a bit of determination and a lot of humility in order for one to fully develop.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quite alone with the heavens, nature and God.”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“Aw I don't wanta go to no such thing, I just wanta drink in alleys.'...
But you'll miss all that, just for some old wine.'
There's wisdom in wine, goddam it!' I yelled. 'Have a shot!”
― Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums

“True kindness isn't something we're born with. It's something we have to work at. Not everyone has it. But I think everyone has the potential. Sometimes you just have to look really close before you can tell it's there."-Kyoko”
― Natsuki Takaya

“Experience teaches us that it is much easier to prevent an enemy from posting themselves than it is to dislodge them after they have got possession. ”
― George Washington

“Its important to be comfortable with uncertainty.”
― Xiaolu Guo

“We must not think of the things we could do with, but only of the things that we can't do without.”
― Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat

“اصحاب العقول الواقفة عند حرفية النص-قرانا وسنة- كثيرا ما تفلت منهم المقاصد والمنافع فيمشون على وجوههم”
― حنان اللحام, هدي السيرة النبوية في التغيير الاجتماعي

“Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.”
― Harshit Walia

“Disciplining yourself to do what you know is right and importance, although
difficult, is the highroad to pride, self-esteem, and personal satisfaction.”
― Brian Tracy

“The image isn't reality. Even though we're used to thinking that way alot of the time. We show a kid a picture of a dog and say 'This is a doggie' - but it's not. It's just an image.”
― L.J. Smith, The Forbidden Game

“I'm not sure why I've decided to do this. I'm not any stronger than I was, and nothing else has changed. But all the same, this time I'm not going to run away. It's okay to feel weak sometimes. It's okay to be afraid. The important thing is that we face our fears. That's what makes us strong."-Yuki”
― Natsuki Takaya

“Silk is a fine, delicate, soft, illuminating, beautiful substance. But you can never rip it! If a man takes this tender silk and attempts to tear it, and cannot tear it, is he in his right mind to say "This silk is fake! I thought it was soft, I thought it was delicate, but look, I cannot even tear it" ? Surely, this man is not in his right mind! The silk is not fake! This silk is 100% real. It's the man who is stupid!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“The beauty of collaboration between older and younger generations is that we combine strength with wisdom—a surefire way to accomplish more for the glory of God.”
― Brett Harris

“The truth is always something that is told, not something that is known. If there were no speaking or writing, there would be no truth about anything. There would only be what is.”
― Susan Sontag, The Benefactor

“When something seems wrong in your life, the only way to have resolution with it is to let it go. Trying to make it right keeps it wrong.”
― Beth Johnson

“To finish the moment, to find the journey's end in every step of the road, to live the greatest number of good hours, is wisdom.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.”
― Diogenes

“She wondered when her daughter would realise that for the most part, people weren't that different. Young and old, male or female, pretty much everyone she knew wanted the same things: The wanted to feel peace in their hearts, they wanted a life without turmoil, they wanted to be happy. The difference, she thought, was that most young people seemed to think that those things lay somewhere in the future. While most older people believed that they lay in the past.”
― Nicholas Sparks

“The operation of the Church is entirely set up for the sinner; which creates much misunderstanding among the smug.”
(August 9, 1955)”
― Flannery O'Connor

“Jewels can be replaced, cousin. Independence, once lost, cannot.”
― R.L. LaFevers, Dark Triumph

“Penetrate deep into the word "Om". Gradually the word will disappear and only the silence will remain. The word is a support. The meaning is within you. Om brings out that meaning which is hidden in your soul.”
― Amit Ray, Om Chanting and Meditation

“I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.”
― Margaret Thatcher

“To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.”
― Nicolaus Copernicus

“God isn't the son of Memory; He's the son of Immediate Experience. You can't worship a spirit in spirit, unless you do it now. Wallowing in the past may be good literature. As wisdom, it's hopeless. Time Regained is Paradise Lost, and Time Lost is Paradise Regained. Let the dead bury their dead. If you want to live at every moment as it presents itself, you've got to die to every other moment.”
― Aldous Huxley, The Genius And The Goddess

“It takes too much energy to be against something unless it's really important. ”
― Madeleine L'Engle

“I believe it is the mark of a great leader to question the decisions that came before him.”
― Marissa Meyer, Cress

“Writing about the unholy is one way of writing about what is sacred. ”
― Clive Barker

“The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.”
― Wallace Stegner, The Spectator Bird

“There is no such uncertainty as a sure thing.”
― Robert Burns, Collected Poems of Robert Burns

“People ought to fight
to keep their law
as to defend the citys walls.”
― Heraclitus, Fragments

“Today the greatest single source of wealth is between your ears.”
― Brian Tracy

“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“I am so wise I had my mouth sewn shut.”
― John Berryman

“No one lives long enough to learn everything they need to learn starting from
scratch. To be successful, we absolutely, positively have to find people who
have already paid the price to learn the things that we need to learn to achieve
our goals.”
― Brian Tracy

“You can never know everything. Part of what you know is always wrong. Perhaps the most important part. A portion of wisdom lies in knowing that. A portion of knowledge lies in going on anyway.”
― Robert Jordan

“The noble man is chiefly concerned with wisdom and friendship; of these, the former is a mortal good, the latter and immortal one.”
― Epicurus

“Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.”
― Dion Boucicault

“Don't you notice that there are particular moments when you are naturally inspired to introspection? Work with them gently, for these are the moments when you can go through a powerful experience, and your whole worldview can change quickly.”
― Sogyal Rinpoche

“I had given up some youth for knowledge, but my gain was more valuable than the loss”
― Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings

“For the senses wander, and when one lets the mind follow them, it carries wisdom away like a windblown ship on the waters.”
― Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita

“Wise men profit more by fools than fools by wise men.”
― Marcus Porcius Cato

“There are times when wisdom cannot be found in the chambers of parliament or the halls of academia but at the unpretentious setting of the kitchen table.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri

“To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.”
― Plutarch

“ما في المقامِ لذي عقلٍ وذي أدب
مِنْ رَاحَة ٍ فَدعِ الأَوْطَانَ واغْتَرِبِ

سافر تجد عوضاً عمَّن تفارقهُ
وَانْصِبْ فَإنَّ لَذِيذَ الْعَيْشِ فِي النَّصَبِ

إني رأيتُ وقوفَ الماء يفسدهُ
إِنْ سَال طَابَ وَإنْ لَمْ يَجْرِ لَمْ يَطِبِ

والأسدُ لولا فراقُ الأرض ما افترست
والسَّهمُ لولا فراقُ القوسِ لم يصب

والشمس لو وقفت في الفلكِ دائمة
لَمَلَّهَا النَّاسُ مِنْ عُجْمٍ وَمِنَ عَرَبِ

و البدر لولا أفول منه ما نظرت
إليه في كل حين عين مرتقب

والتَّبْرَ كالتُّرْبَ مُلْقَى في أَمَاكِنِه
والعودُ في أرضه نوعً من الحطب

فإن تغرَّب هذا عزَّ مطلبهُ
وإنْ تَغَرَّبَ ذَاكَ عَزَّ كالذَّهَبِِ”
― الإمام الشافعى

“Let mental culture go on advancing, let the natural sciences progress in even greater extent and depth, and the human mind widen itself as much as it desires: beyond the elevation and moral culture of Christianity, as it shines forth in the Gospels, it will not go.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“Few things a doctor does are more important than relieving pain. . . pain is soul destroying. No patient should have to endure intense pain unnecessarily. The quality of mercy is essential to the practice of medicine; here, of all places, it should not be strained.”
― Marcia Angell

“Only a mind free of impediment is capable of grasping the chaotic beauty of the world. This is our greatest asset.”
― Oliver Bowden, Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade

“Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?”
― Confucius

“One hand I extend into myself, the other toward others.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape

“Never underestimate your power to change yourself; never overestimate your power to change others.”
― Wayne W. Dyer

“While differing widely in the various little bits we know, in our infinite ignorance we are all equal.”
― Karl R. Popper

“To acquire knowledge, one must study;
but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.”
― Marilyn vos Savant

“The most complicated skill is to be simple.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Obstacles are those frightening things you see when you take you eyes off your goal.”
― Henry James

“If you wake up tired, you’ve been chasing dreams. If you go to bed tired, your making your dreams happen.”
― Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme

“Never question another man's motive. His wisdom, yes, but not his motives.”
― Dwight D. Eisenhower

“I call that man awake who, with conscious knowledge and understanding, can perceive the deep unreasoning powers in his soul, his whole innermost strength, desire and weakness, and knows how to reckon with himself.”
― Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund

“Scared and sacred are spelled with the same letters. Awful proceeds from the same root word as awesome. Terrify and terrific. Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation.”
― Alan Cohen

“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri

“When Don Quixote went out into the world, that world turned into a mystery before his eyes. That is the legacy of the first European novel to the entire subsequent history of the novel. The novel teaches us to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude.”
― Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting

“Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing.
If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of very part of your life.”
― Brian Tracy

“I believe that maturity is not an outgrowing, but a growing up: that an adult is not a dead child, but a child who survived. I believe that all the best faculties of a mature human being exist in the child. . . . that one of the most deeply human, and humane, of these faculties is the power of imagination.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction

“I don't trust men everybody likes. Being nice isn't the same as being good.”
― Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant

“Adversity, if for no other reason, is of benefit, since it is sure to bring a season of sober reflection. People see clearer at such times. Storms purify the atmosphere.”
― Henry Ward Beecher

“Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm and harmony.”
― Orison Swett Marden

“There is no one way to salvation, whatever the manner in which a man may proceed. All forms and variations are governed by the eternal intelligence of the Universe that enables a man to approach perfection. It may be in the arts of music and painting or it may be in commerce, law, or medicine. It may be in the study of war or the study of peace. Each is as important as any other. Spiritual enlightenment through religious meditation such as Zen or in any other way is as viable and functional as any "Way."... A person should study as they see fit.”
― Miyamoto Musashi, A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to Strategy

“Since there is no real silence,
Silence will contain all the sounds,
All the words, all the languages,
All knowledge, all memory.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Nothing and no one is perfect. It just takes a good eye to find those hidden imperfections.”
― Daphne Delacroix

“It is very hard to be brave," said Piglet, sniffing slightly, "when you're only a Very Small Animal."

Rabbit, who had begun to write very busily, looked up and said: "It is because you are a very small animal that you will be Useful in the adventure before us.”
― Benjamin Hoff, The Te of Piglet

“He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both.”
― Khalil Gibran, The Prophet

“Bitter your acts, bitter am I,
Kindness your deeds, kindness am I,
Pleasant and gentle, so you are,
Fine honeyed lips and sweet talker.”
― Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi, Love: The Joy That Wounds: The Love Poems of Rumi

“When you assume you make a you-know-what out of U and me. Yep, so let's stop assuming so much. We are often quick to explain details to strangers, who we understand might not be reading our minds, but we often assume that those people closest to us, those who share our household such as spouses, children parents and siblings, can read our minds. And we get upset with them when they don't go figure.

I wonder how many angry words are directed not at an action or inaction as would at first appear, but simply at the fact that somebody did not read our minds.

So let's give those people we care most about the benefit of the doubt and do a little less assuming and a little more explaining.”
― David Leonhardt

“If I’d stayed there, would I always have been happy? No, I suppose not. People move away, grow older, die, and the bright belief that there will be another marvelous thing around each corner fades. It is now or never; we must snatch at happiness as it flies.”
― J.L. Carr, A Month in the Country

“Nothing in this world is difficult, but thinking makes it seem so. Where there is true will, there is always a way.”
― Wu Cheng'en, Monkey: A Journey to the West

“Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.”
― Will Rogers

“We should always be clear that animal exploitation is wrong because it involves speciesism. And speciesism is wrong because, like racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-semitism, classism, and all other forms of human discrimination, speciesism involves violence inflicted on members of the moral community where that infliction of violence cannot be morally justified. But that means that those of us who oppose speciesism necessarily oppose discrimination against humans. It makes no sense to say that speciesism is wrong because it is like racism (or any other form of discrimination) but that we do not have a position about racism. We do. We should be opposed to it and we should always be clear about that.”
― GaryLFrancione

“All that sadness. All that anger. It is the smoke that gets into your eyes. If you do not blow it away, how can you hope to see?”
― Anthony Horowitz, Russian Roulette: The Story of an Assassin

“It is not our right to punish one for thinking as he does, no matter how much we disagree.”
― Oliver Bowden, Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade

“Morality is the weakness of the mind.”
― Arthur Rimbaud

“The greatest wisdom consists in knowing one's own follies.”
― Madeleine De Souvre Sable

“Quinn sat back down. He leaned forward, elbows on knees. "Man, don't you remember taking tests in school? Multiple choice: A, B, C, D, or E, all of the above.
"Yeah?"
"Dude, sometimes the answer is 'all of the above.' This places needs you. And it needs Astrid. And it needs Sam. It's all of the above, Albert.”
― Michael Grant, Lies

“The ORDINARY RESPONSE TO ATROCITIES is to banish them from consciousness. Certain violations of the social compact are too terrible to utter aloud: this is the meaning of the word unspeakable.

Atrocities, however, refuse to be buried. Equally as powerful as the desire to deny atrocities is the conviction that denial does not work. Folk wisdom is filled with ghosts who refuse to rest in their graves until their stories are told. Murder will out. Remembering and telling the truth about terrible events are prerequisites both for the restoration of the social order and for the healing of individual victims.

The conflict between the will to deny horrible events and the will to proclaim them aloud is the central dialectic of psychological trauma. People who have survived atrocities often tell their stories in a highly emotional, contradictory, and fragmented manner that undermines their credibility and thereby serves the twin imperatives of truth-telling and secrecy. When the truth is finally recognized, survivors can begin their recovery. But far too often secrecy prevails, and the story of the traumatic event surfaces not as a verbal narrative but as a symptom.

The psychological distress symptoms of traumatized people simultaneously call attention to the existence of an unspeakable secret and deflect attention from it. This is most apparent in the way traumatized people alternate between feeling numb and reliving the event. The dialectic of trauma gives rise to complicated, sometimes uncanny alterations of consciousness, which George Orwell, one of the committed truth-tellers of our century, called "doublethink," and which mental health professionals, searching for calm, precise language, call "dissociation." It results in protean, dramatic, and often bizarre symptoms of hysteria which Freud recognized a century ago as disguised communications about sexual abuse in childhood. . . .”
― Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror

“To hate others is ugly.
To hate yourself is uglier.”
― Hlovate, Rooftop Rant

“At the end of the day, the questions we ask of ourselves determine the type of people that we will become.”
― Leo Babauta

“If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.”
― Desmond Tutu

“The fates lead him who will; him who won't they drag.”
― Joseph Campbell

“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“أمران سيجعلانك أكثر حكمة...
الكتب التى تقرؤها والأشخاص الذين تلتقى بهم.”
― أحمد الشقيرى, خواطر شاب

“Non-violence, which is the quality of the heart, cannot come by an appeal to the brain.”
― Mahatma Gandhi

“Soldiers live. He dies and not you, and you feel guilty, because you're glad he died, and not you. Soldiers live, and wonder why.”
― Glen Cook, Soldiers Live

“Yoga is the cessation of the movements of the mind. Then there is abiding in the Seer's own form.”
― Patanjali, The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali

“The mermaid is an archetypal image that represents a woman who is at ease in the great waters of life, the waters of emotion and sexuality. She shows us how to embrace our instinctive sexuality and sensuality so that we can affirm the essence of our feminine nature, the wisdom of our bodies, and the playfulness of our spirits. She symbolizes our connection with our deepest instinctive feelings, our wild and untamed animal nature that exists below the surface of outward personalities. She is able to respond to her mysterious sexual impulses without abandoning her more human, conscious side. What happened to the girls who dreamed of being mermaids?”
― Anita Johnston, Eating in the Light of the Moon: How Women Can Transform Their Relationship with Food Through Myths, Metaphors, and Storytelling

“What good is power when you're too wise to use it?”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea

“A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.”
― Brian Tracy, The Gift of Self-Confidence

“Forget the place you're trying to get to and see the beauty in right now...”
― Evanescence

“Fashion and music are the same, because music express its period too.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Know you not that a good man does nothing for appearance sake, but for the sake of having done right?”
― Epictetus

“All you can do is make your decisions based on what you know now.”
― Malinda Lo, Huntress

“It don't do you no nevermind to tell nobody nothing.”
― Thomas McGuane

“Age is a hell of a price to pay for wisdom”
― George Carlin

“he who will not economize will have to agonize”
― Confucius

“Don't forget to love yourself.”
― Soren Kierkegaard

“Old words are reborn with new faces.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Patience is a form of wisdom. It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time.”
― Jon Kabat-Zinn, Full Catastrophe Living: Using the Wisdom of Your Body and Mind to Face Stress, Pain, and Illness

“The problem of knowledge is that there are many more books on birds written by ornithologists than books on birds written by birds and books on ornithologists written by birds”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms

“We can no more justify using nonhumans as human resources than we can justify human slavery. Animal use and slavery have at least one important point in common: both institutions treat sentient beings exclusively as resources of others. That cannot be justified with respect to humans; it cannot be justified with respect to nonhumans—however “humanely” we treat them.”
― Gary L. Francione

“Education is beautification of the inner world and the outer world.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. ”
― Samuel Johnson

“yet if you had a desire for good or beautiful things
and your tongue were not concocting some evil to say
shame would not hold down your eyes
but rather you would speak about what is just”
― Sappho, If Not, Winter: Fragments of Sappho

“The light of compassion opens the petals of the heart. When the petals of the heart unfold fragrance spreads across the valley.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“There is only one all pervading God. It has only one message - Love all, encompass all and transcend the limits of the selfish gene.”
― Amit Ray

“People are always worried about what's happening next. They often find it difficult to stand still, to occupy the now without worrying about the future. People are generally not satisfied with what they have; they are very concerned with what they are going to have.”
― Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain

“The sun always shines above the clouds.”
― Paul F. Davis

“for a woman knows the face of the man she loves like a sailor knows the open sea”
― Honore de Balzac

“Common sense will nearly always stand you in better stead than a slavish adherence to the conventions.”
― M.M. Kaye, Shadow of the Moon

“Everybody wants to be on the mountaintop, but if you'll remember, mountaintops are rocky and cold. There is no growth on the top of a mountain. Sure, the view is great, but what's a view for? A view just gives us a glimpse of our next destination-our next target. But to hit that target, we must come off the mountain, go through the valley, and begin to climb the next slope. It is in the valley that we slog through the lush grass and rich soil, learning and becoming what enables us to summit life's next peak.”
― Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective

“Remember, whatever you focus upon, increases...When you focus on the things you need, you'll find those needs increasing. If you concentrate your thoughts on what you don't have, you will soon be concentrating on other things that you had forgotten you don't have-and feel worse! If you set your mind on loss, you are more likely to lose...But a grateful perspective brings happiness and abundance into a person's life.”
― Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective

“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”
― Amit Kalantri

“Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms

“I've learned .... That opportunities are never lost; someone will take the ones you miss.”
― Andy Rooney

“Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.”
― Baltasar Gracian

“It doesn't matter if the water is cold or warm if you're going to have to wade through it anyway.”
― Pierre Teilhard De Chardin

“Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.”
― Kay Redfield Jamison

“No one believes a liar even when he tells the truth”
― Aesop

“If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust...flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy; How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy... think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy?”
― Al Munoz

“The future will be what it will, and fretting about it will only make your fears more likely to come true.”
― Christopher Paolini, Inheritance

“A healer's power stems not from any special ability, but from maintaining the courage and awareness to embody and express the universal healing power that every human being naturally possesses.”
― Eric Micha'el Leventhal

“A knavish speech sleeps in a fool's ear.”
― William Shakespeare, Hamlet

“Your biggest opportunity probably lies under your own feet, in your current
job, industry, education, experience or interests.”
― Brian Tracy

“We are unknown to ourselves, we men of knowledge - and with good reason. We have never sought ourselves - how could it happen that we should ever find ourselves? It has rightly been said: "Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also"; our treasure is where the beehives of our knowledge are.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals

“truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.”
― Leo Tolstoy

“[On what young husbands should say to their wives:] I have taken you in my arms, and I love you, and I prefer you to my life itself. For the present life is nothing, and my most ardent dream is to spend it with you in such a way that we may be assured of not being separated in the life reserved for us... I place your love above all things, and nothing would be more bitter or painful to me than to be of a different mind than you.”
― John Chrysostom

“Behaviour is a mirror in which every one displays his own image.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“The individual appears for an instant, joins the community of thought, modifies it and dies; but the species, that dies not, reaps the fruit of his ephemeral existence.”
― A.S. Byatt, Possession

“All explicit knowledge is translated knowledge, and all translation is imperfect.”
― Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear

“What deep wounds ever closed without a scar?
The hearts bleed longest, and heals but to wear
That which disfigures it.”
― George Gordon Byron

“When you know the knower within, you don't need to know further. When you know the meditator within, you don't need to meditate further. When you truly know the worshiper in you, you are to be worshiped.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Death as the destruction of all things no longer had meaning when life was revealed to be a fatuous sequence of empty words, the hollow jingle of a jester’s cap and bells.”
― Michel Foucault, Madness and Civilization: A History of Insanity in the Age of Reason

“God existed before every religion; He exists in spite of all religions.”
― Danail Hristov, The End of the Jesus Era

“The human person finds his perfection "in seeking and loving what is true and good.”
― Joseph Ratzinger

“Science is observing truth in the light of head. Religion is observing truth in the light of heart. Humanity is using both the lights. And education is developing that humanity.”
― Amit Ray

“When we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence, that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Walden

“The best teachers have showed me that things have to be done bit by bit. Nothing that means anything happens quickly--we only think it does. The motion of drawing back a bow and sending an arrow straight into a target takes only a split second, but it is a skill many years in the making. So it is with a life, anyone's life. I may list things that might be described as my accomplishments in these few pages, but they are only shadows of the larger truth, fragments separated from the whole cycle of becoming. And if I can tell an old-time story now about a man who is walking about, waudjoset ndatlokugan, a forest lodge man, alesakamigwi udlagwedewugan, it is because I spent many years walking about myself, listening to voices that came not just from the people but from animals and trees and stones.”
― Joseph Bruchac

“He was one of the numerous and varied legion of dullards, of half-animated abortions, conceited, half-educated coxcombs, who attach themselves to the idea most in fashion only to vulgarize it and who caricature every cause they serve, however sincerely.”
― Fyodor Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment

“Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it.”
― Jim Butcher, White Night

“Despite popular belief to the contrary, there is absolutely no power in intention. The seagull may intend to fly away, may decide to do so, may talk with the other seagulls about how wonderful it is to fly, but until the seagull flaps his wings and takes to the air, he is still on the dock. There’s no difference between that gull and all the others. Likewise, there is no difference in the person who intends to do things differently and the one who never thinks about it in the first place. Have you ever considered how often we judge ourselves by our intentions while we judge others by their actions? Yet intention without action is an insult to those who expect the best from you.”
― Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective

“There's a divinity that shapes our ends,
Rough-hew them how we will.”
― William Shakespeare, Hamlet

“Dreams are the bright creatures of poem and legend, who sport on earth in the night season, and melt away in the first beam of the sun, which lights grim care and stern reality on their daily pilgrimage through the world.”
― Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby

“To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom.”
― Marion Zimmer Bradley

“Wisdom is the daughter of experience”
― Leonardo da Vinci

“To risk life to save a smile on a face of a woman or a child is the secret of chivalry.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“My dad always says, some people will treat you badly and you can't help that. But how you handle it and how it makes you feel, that's up to you.”
― Elise Broach, Shakespeare's Secret

“One way to define wisdom is the ability to see, into the future, the consequences of your choices in the present. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like.”
― Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective

“In presence of the moon nobody sees stars.”
― Amit Kalantri

“the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person.”
― Andy Rooney

“A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times.”
― John Emerich Edward Dalberg Acton

“Who does ever get what they want? It doesn’t seem to happen to many of us if any at all. It’s always two people bumping against each other blindly, acting out old ideas and dreams and mistaken understandings.”
― Kent Haruf, Our Souls at Night

“Wisdom

When I have ceased to break my wings
Against the faultiness of things,
And learned that compromises wait
Behind each hardly opened gate,
When I can look Life in the eyes,
Grown calm and very coldly wise,
Life will have given me the Truth,
And taken in exchange -- my youth.”
― Sara Teasdale, Love Songs

“من لم يتحرر من الاكراه في صورتيه: اكراه الاخر والخضوع للاخر، لايستطيع فهم هذا الدين وتمثيله”
― حنان اللحام, هدي السيرة النبوية في التغيير الاجتماعي

“If one tries to navigate unknown waters one runs the risk of shipwreck”
― Einstein

“This is what we are like. Collectively as a species, this is our emotional landscape. I met an old lady once, almost 100 years old, and she told me, "There are only two questions that human beings have ever fought over, all through history. How much do you love me? And Who's in charge? Everything else is somehow manageable. But these two questions of love and control undo us all, trip us up and cause war, grief, and suffering.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“اود ان اقول لك: ان بعد كل خيار هناك خيارات اخرى.. حياتنا هذه ليست خيارا واحدا نؤديه ونستسلم بعدها لكل ما يحدث بنا. حياتنا ليست مفترق طريق منفرد و وحيد نختار اي جهة سنسلك وينتهي الامر بعدها.. ابدا.. كل خيار يفتح سلسلة من الخيارات. وكل مفترق طريق يحوي خلفه سلسلة من مفترقات طرق.. وفي كل خطوة من خطوات حياتنا يوجد قدران، نختار واحدا منهما بملء ارادتنا..”
― أحمد خيري العمري, تسعة من عشرة

“Remain in wonder if you want the mysteries to open up for you. Mysteries never open up for those who go on questioning. Questioners sooner or later end up in a library. Questioners sooner or later end up with scriptures, because scriptures are full of answers.
And answers are dangerous, they kill your wonder.”
― Osho

“The pleasures arising from thinking and learning will make us think and learn all the more. 1153a 23”
― Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics

“Its more than a simple belief that there is good and that it should fight the evil in the world. It's a personification of Light and Darkness at their most elemental level, as forces that are so absorbed with themselves that one cannot exist without the other though they constantly try to consume one another. One of the earliest repersentations of Light and Darkness was of Light being a massive black bull and Darkness being an enormous white bull.”
― P.C. Cast , Burned

“Beyond all sciences, philosophies, theologies, and histories, a child's relentless inquiry is truly all it takes to remind us that we don't know as much as we think we know.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“I am not a day dreamer, I am a believer, that after every painful love I have gone through, it is just an experience to crack open the deepest parts of my core and allow to me to delve into a passion so rare, that I will find a love that was almost, never meant to be.”
― Nikki Rowe

“La rutina no está tanto en las cosas como en nuestra incapacidad para crear a cada momento un vínculo original con ellas, en nuestra tendencia a leerlas por la falsilla de lo rutinario, de lo ya aprendido. Hay que seguir dejando siempre abierta la puerta al cuarto de jugar.”
― Carmen Martín Gaite, El cuento de nunca acabar

“As soon as we put something into words, we devalue it in a strange way. We think we have plunged into the depths of the abyss, and when we return to the surface the drop of water on our pale fingertips no longer resembles the sea from which it comes. We delude ourselves that we have discovered a wonderful treasure trove, and when we return to the light of day we find that we have brought back only false stones and shards of glass; and yet the treasure goes on glimmering in the dark, unaltered.”
― Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble

“True wisdom gives the only possible answer at any given moment, and that night, going back to bed was the only possible answer.”
― Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love

“Clichés can be quite fun. That's how they got to be clichés.”
― Alan Bennett, The History Boys

“People who have a religion should be glad, for not everyone has the gift of believing in heavenly things. You don't necessarily even have to be afraid of punishment after death; purgatory, hell, and heaven are things that a lot of people can't accept, but still a religion, it doesn't matter which, keeps a person on the right path. It isn't the fear of God but the upholding of one's own honor and conscience. How noble and good everyone could be if, every evening before falling asleep, they were to recall to their minds the events of the while day and consider exactly what has been good and bad. Then, without realizing it you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that: "A quiet conscience mades one strong!”
― Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl

“What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.”
― Aberjhani, Visions of a Skylark Dressed in Black

“I criticize by creation, not by finding fault.”
― Marcus Tullius Cicero

“…a man should say to his soul every morning, "God has given thee twenty-four treasures; take heed lest thou lose anyone of them, for thou wilt not be able to endure the regret that will follow such loss.”
― Al-Ghazali, The Alchemy of Happiness

“We're on the same boat but in different cabin”
― Hlovate, Rooftop Rant

“A person is a person through other persons.

None of us comes into the world fully formed. We would not know how to think, or walk, or speak, or behave as human beings unless we learned it from other human beings. We need other human beings in order to be human. I am because other people are. A person is entitled to a stable community life, and the first of these communities is the family.”
― desmond tutu

“Ask not of things to shed their veils. Unveil yourselves, and things will be unveiled.”
― Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The strange story of a monastery which was once called The Ark

“Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true”
― Brian Tracy

“Intelligence alone is not nearly enough when it comes to acting wisely.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment

“In art, and maybe just in general, the idea is to be able to be really comfortable with contradictory ideas. In other words, wisdom might be, seem to be, two contradictory ideas both expressed at their highest level and just let to sit in the same cage sort of, vibrating. So, I think as a writer, I'm really never sure of what I really believe.”
― George Saunders

“Everybody’s gotta learn, nobody’s born knowing.”
― Harper Lee

“Compassion is all inclusive. Compassion knows no boundaries. Compassion comes with awareness, and awareness breaks all narrow territories.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Old men tend to forget what thought was like in their youth; they forget the quickness of the mental jump, the daring of the youthful intuition, the agility of the fresh insight. They become accustomed to the more plodding varieties of reason, and because this is more than made up by the accumulation of experience, old men think themselves wiser than the young.”
― Isaac Asimov, Pebble in the Sky

“While it is true that most people never see or understand the difference they make, or sometimes only imagine their actions having a tiny effect, every single action a person takes has far-reaching consequences.”
― Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective

“Be first the master of yourself”
― Balthasar Gracian, The Art of Worldly Wisdom

“Featherweight by Suzy Kassem


One evening,
I sat by the ocean and questioned the moon about my destiny.
I revealed to it that I was beginning to feel smaller compared to others,
Because the more secrets of the universe I would unlock,
The smaller in size I became.

I didn't understand why I wasn't feeling larger instead of smaller.
I thought that seeking Truth was what was required of us all –
To show us the way, not to make us feel lost,
Up against the odds,
In a devilish game partitioned by
An invisible wall.

Then the next morning,
A bird appeared at my window, just as the sun began
Spreading its yolk over the horizon.
It remained perched for a long time,
Gazing at me intently, to make sure I knew I wasn’t dreaming.
Then its words gently echoed throughout my mind,
Telling me:

'The world you are in –
Is the true hell.
The journey to Truth itself
Is what quickens the heart to become lighter.
The lighter the heart, the purer it is.
The purer the heart, the closer to light it becomes.
And the heavier the heart,
The more chained to this hell
It will remain.'

And just like that, it flew off towards the sun,
Leaving behind a tiny feather.
So I picked it up,
And fastened it to a toothpick,
To dip into ink
And write my name.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The use of sea and air is common to all; neither can a title to the ocean belong to any people or private persons, forasmuch as neither nature nor public use and custom permit any possession therof.”
― Queen Elizabeth I, Letters

“In a dark time, the eye begins to see.”
― Theodore Roethke

“The thing about living alone is that it gives you a lot of time to think. You don't necessarily reach any conclusions, because wisdom is largely a function of intelligence and self-awareness, not time on your hands. But you do become very good at thinking yourself into endless loops of desperation in half the time it would take a normal person.”
― Jonathan Tropper, One Last Thing Before I Go

“Suffering teaches joy.”
― Sonia Rumzi

“That man is best who sees the truth himself. Good too is he who listens to wise counsel. But who is neither wise himself nor willing to ponder wisdom is not worth a straw.”
― Hesiod

“Not only do you become what you think about, but the world also becomes what you think about. Those who think that the world is a dark place are blind to the light that might illuminate their lives. Those who see the light of the world view the dark spots as merely potential light.”
― Wayne W. Dyer

“While you'll feel compelled to charge forward it's often a gentle step back that will reveal to you where you and what you truly seek.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“Brave? Or stupid?"
Roger shrugged. "I've never been quite sure where brave stopped and stupid began, myself.”
― Gerald Morris, The Savage Damsel and the Dwarf

“Beirut is the Elizabeth Taylor of cities: insane, beautiful, falling apart, aging, and forever drama laden.She'll also marry any infatuated suitor who promises to make her life more comfortable, no matter how inappropriate he is.”
― Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman

“If it's knowledge and wisdom you want, then seek out the company of those who do real work for an honest purpose.”
― Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast

“Adolescence is the same tragedy being performed again and again. The only things that change are the stage props.”
― Lindsey Leavitt, Going Vintage

“Occasio praeceps, experimentum periculosum, iudicium difficile."..' Opportunity is fleeting, experiment dangerous, and judgement difficult.”
― Deborah Harkness, Shadow of Night

“For us lads of eighteen they ought to have been mediators and guides to the world of maturity, the world of work, of duty, of culture, of progress -- to the future.”
― Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front

“You must become the producer, director and actor in the unfolding story of your life.”
― Wayne W. Dyer

“There are people in the world, who are just wrong, and then there are the masses of population that are right, or at the very least they lie in the veil of between. I on the other hand, do not belong to any group. I don’t exist. It’s not that I don’t have substance; I have a body like everyone else. I can feel the fire when it burns against my skin, the rain when it caresses my face and the breeze as it fingers my hair. I have all the senses that other people do. I am just empty, inside.”
― J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness

“Life's managed, not cured. ”
― Phillip C. Mcgraw

“If what you seek is Truth, there is one thing you must have above all else.” “I know. An overwhelming passion for it.” “No. An unremitting readiness to admit you may be wrong.”
― Anthony de Mello

“A prophet is not someone with special visions, just someone blind to most of what others see”
― Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms

“A good traveler leaves no tracks. Good speech lacks fault-finding.”
― Lao Tzu

“Not all men (and especially the wisest) share the opinion that it is bad for women to be educated. But it is very true that many foolish men have claimed this because it displeased them that women knew more than they did.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies

“How many people you bless is how you measure success”
― Rick Ross

“See, the ‘small stuff’ is what makes up the larger picture of our lives. Many people are like you, young man. But their perspective is distorted. They ignore ‘small stuff,’ claiming to have an eye on the bigger picture, never understanding that the bigger picture is composed of nothing more than-are you ready?- ‘small stuff’.”
― Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective

“There's a thin line between genius and bottom-barrel stupidness. I hover delicately on a tightrope between the two, wondering where I'll land if I'll ever fall.”
― Suzanne Crowley, The Very Ordered Existence of Merilee Marvelous

“You have a great heart, but will only find it to be so through great pain. This is the wisdom of love, and its doubtful gift. . . . I have endured much suffering and still remain unbitter and unclosed.”
― Alison Croggon, The Naming

“At times anger will trigger harsh words. After a cooling period wisdom sets in; finally, the ability to speak from the heart with love and compassion.”
― Ana Monnar, Relax: New And Selected Poems: New And Selected Poems

“Are you not ashamed of caring so much for the making of money and for fame and prestige, when you neither think nor care about wisdom and truth and the improvement of your soul?”
― Socrates

“After all Death is a Symbol that there was Life.”
― Mario Benedetti

“The heart that gives, gathers.”
― Tao Te Ching, Tao Te Ching

“Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and
farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your
thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.”
― Brian Tracy, Focal Point: A Proven System to Simplify Your Life, Double Your Productivity, and Achieve All Your Goals

“BLACK AND WHITE


I was born into
A religion of Light,
But with so many other
Religions and
Philosophies,
How do I know which
ONE
Is right?

Is it not
My birthright
To seek out the light?
To find Truth
After surveying all the proof,
Am I supposed
To love
Or fight?
And why do all those who
Try to guide me,
Always start by dividing
And multiplying me –
From what they consider
Wrong or right?
I thought,
There were no walls
For whoever beams truth and light.
And how can one speak on Light's behalf,
lf all they do
Is act black,
But talk WHITE?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Never play cards with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom's. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.”
― Nelson Algren, A Walk on the Wild Side

“the only way in which a human being can make some approach to knowing the whole of a subject, is by hearing what can be said about it by persons of every variety of opinion, and studying all modes in which it can be looked at by every character of mind. No wise man ever acquired his wisdom in any mode but this; nor is it in the nature of human intellect to become wise in any other manner.”
― John Stuart Mill, On Liberty

“Throughout our emotional odyssey in the unembellished narrative of our life, we may sense many alluring voices that are enticing us into a beguiling, seamless story. Our inner monologue, however, might start raising consequential questions about the scintillation of that story, about our vulnerability during the tempting process and the danger of losing our real self. The question may be asked, whether the lure might enlighten, weaken or destroy our living. While our interior monologue mostly listens to the wisdom of our experience and the guidance of our memory, it may happen that it prefers not to listen. In that event, however, unreason and passion will be calling all the shots. ( “Woman in progress” )”
― Erik Pevernagie

“You'd be surprised how easy some things can be, things you never thought you'd do, when you take self-respect out of the equation.”
― Sarah Addison Allen

“Develop the winning edge; small differences in your performance can lead to large differences in your results.”
― Brian Tracy

“The modern habit of saying "This is my opinion, but I may be wrong" is entirely irrational. If I say that it may be wrong, I say that is not my opinion. The modern habit of saying "Every man has a different philosophy; this is my philosophy and it suits me" – the habit of saying this is mere weak-mindedness. A cosmic philosophy is not constructed to fit a man; a cosmic philosophy is constructed to fit a cosmos. A man can no more possess a private religion than he can possess a private sun and moon.”
― G.K. Chesterton

“We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.”
― Wil Zeus, Sun Beyond the Clouds

“It is man's unique privilege, among all other organisms. By pursuing falsehood you will arrive at the truth!”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment

“Healey’s First Law Of Holes: When in one, stop digging.”
― Denis Healey

“Your teacher might be a child who takes you by the hand and asks you a question that you hadn't considered before, and your answer to the child is your answer to yourself.”
― Wayne W. Dyer

“It is when those who are not strong enough have made some moderate amount of progress that they fail and give up...”
― Confucius, The Wisdom Of Confucius

“There is a wisdom in children, a kind of knowing, a kind of believing, that we, as adults, do not have. There is a time when a kingdom needs its children.”
― Adam Gidwitz, A Tale Dark & Grimm

“Busy with the ugliness of the expensive success
We forget the easiness of free beauty
Lying sad right around the corner,
Only an instant removed,
Unnoticed and squandered.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“The secret, or innermost, level of wisdom is pure intuition, clarity, lucidity, innate wakefulness, presence, and recognition of reality. This transcendental wisdom is within all of us—it just needs to be discovered and developed, unfolded and actualized.”
― Lama Surya Das

“The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“For this feeling of wonder shows that you are a philosopher, since wonder is the only beginning of philosophy.”
― Plato, Theaetetus

“I would rather carry around a plastic bag with five thousand Euro inside, than carry around a Louis Vuitton/Gucci/Prada bag with only one hundred Euro inside!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Routine feeds the illusion of safety...”
― Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal

“I was flipping channels, watching this cheerleading program on MTV. They took a field hockey girl and “transformed” her into a cheerleader by the end of the show. I was just wondering: what if she liked field hockey better?”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“The most wonderful and the strongest things in the world, you know, are just the things which no one can see.”
― Charles Kingsley, The Water-Babies: A Fairy Tale for a Land-Baby

“I lied and said I was busy.
I was busy;
but not in a way most people understand.

I was busy taking deeper breaths.
I was busy silencing irrational thoughts.
I was busy calming a racing heart.
I was busy telling myself I am okay.

Sometimes, this is my busy -
and I will not apologize for it.”
― Brittin Oakman

“Yes, the brutalities of progress are called revolutions. When they are over, this is recognised: that the human race has been harshly treated, but that it has advanced.”
― Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“He's acting as foolish as a kitten... but then, everyone's entitled to a little foolishness once in a while.”
― Christopher Paolini, Inheritance

“How will you know the difficulties of being human, if you are always flying off to blue perfection? Where will you plant your grief seeds? Workers need ground to scrape and hoe, not the sky of unspecified desire.”
― Rumi

“a wise woman puts a grain of sugar in everything she says to a man, and takes a grain of salt with everything he says to her.”
― Helen Rowland

“They are called, "SELF-worth" and "SELF-esteem" for a reason... we can't let others decide what we are worth, that is so dangerous! Empower yourself!”
― Jaeda DeWalt

“When I think of talking, it is of course with a woman. For talking at its best being an inspiration, it wants a corresponding divine quality of receptiveness, and where will you find this but in a woman?”
― Oliver Wendell Holmes

“Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!”
― K.M. Johnson, Knowing the Struggle Is Over!

“By the time it came to the edge of the Forest, the stream had grown up, so that it was almost a river, and, being grown-up, it did not run and jump and sparkle along as it used to do when it was younger, but moved more slowly. For it knew now where it was going, and it said to itself, “There is no hurry. We shall get there some day.” But all the little streams higher up in the Forest went this way and that, quickly, eagerly, having so much to find out before it was too late.”
― A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner

“Every being, created by God and unspoiled by man, is perfect, strictly defined and autonomous, entirely complete and at the same time with a built-in ability to grow and develop. This is the essence of its dignity and holiness. It is not an embodiment of God’s immense Personality, but only one of the realisations of His perfection.”
― Danail Hristov, The End of the Jesus Era

“The essence of wisdom is to know when to be doing, and when it's useless even to try”
― Mary Stewart, The Last Enchantment

“You cannot hinder someone’s free will, that’s the first law of the Universe, no matter what the decision.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“Your life is always under construction. It is your job to learn how
to untangle the threads and weave a tapestry that matches your desires.”
― Dannye Williamsen

“After his experience with Minos, Nico realized that most spectres held only as much power as you allowed them to have. They pried into your mind, using fear or anger or longing to influence you. Nico had learned to shield himself. Sometimes he could even turn the tables and bend ghosts to his will.”
― Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus

“Wisdom is the recovery of innocence at the far end of experience.”
― David Bentley Hart, The Experience of God: Being, Consciousness, Bliss

“Pick a leader who will keep jobs in your country by offering companies incentives to hire only within their borders, not one who allows corporations to outsource jobs for cheaper labor when there is a national employment crisis. Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Sayings of the Prophet
Trust: Trust in God – but tie your camel first.”
― Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams

“Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.”
― Debasish Mridha

“You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become”
― Bhagavad Gita

“The least strained and most natural ways of the soul are the most beautiful; the best occupations are the least forced.”
― Michael de Montaigne

“The source of wisdom and power, of love and beauty, is within ourselves, but not within our egos. It is within our consciousness. Indeed, its presence provides us with a conscious contrast which enables us to speak of the ego as if it were something different and apart: it is the true Self whereas the ego is only an illusion of the mind.”
― Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton

“The idea of authority, which they represented, was associated in our minds with a greater insight and a more humane wisdom.”
― Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front

“I mean, reality sucks. The world is a cancer, and shits so bad it’s scary. Everything’s filthy. But you know what? One day, it’s not going to be here. So be glad you know what life is. You’re alive. Live.”
― Mitch Lucker

“Remember, purpose is about giving...All you can do with your life is to give it away in the service of others.”
― Wayne W. Dyer

“Wisdom. . .is knowing what you have to accept.”
― Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose

“...unfortunately, it's true: time does heal. It will do so whether you like it or not, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. If you're not careful, time will take away everything that ever hurt you, everything you have ever lost, and replace it with knowledge. Time is a machine: it will convert your pain into experience. Raw data will be compiled, will be translated into a more comprehensible language. The individual events of your life will be transmuted into another substance called memory and in the mechanism something will be lost and you will never be able to reverse it, you will never again have the original moment back in its uncategorized, preprocessed state. It will force you to move on and you will not have a choice in the matter.”
― Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe

“You see, to find the brightest wisdom one must pass through the darkest zones. And through the darkest zones there can be no guide.
No guide, that is, but courage”
― Adam Gidwitz, A Tale Dark & Grimm

“If you are driven by fear, anger or pride nature will force you to compete. If you are guided by courage, awareness, tranquility and peace nature will serve you.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
― Roy T. Bennett

“You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.”
― Andrew Davidson

“Perhaps wisdom is simply a matter of waiting, and healing a question of time. And anything good you've ever been given is yours forever.
”
― Rachel Naomi Remen

“Purity of heart is what enables us to see.”
― Pope Benedict XVI, Jesus of Nazareth: From the Baptism in the Jordan to the Transfiguration

“When there is a tendency to compartmentalize the spiritual and make it resident in a certain type of life only, the spiritual is apt gradually to be lost.”
― Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose

“We don't want to think about our weaknesses. We don't want to talk about them, and we certainly don't want anyone else to point them out. This is a classic sign of mediocrity, and this mediocrity has a firm grip on the Church and humanity at this moment in history.”
― Matthew Kelly, Rediscover Catholicism

“Ah! how little knowledge does a man acquire in his life. He gathers it up like water, but like water it runs between his fingers, and yet, if his hands be but wet as though with dew, behold a generation of fools call out, 'See, he is a wise man!' Is it not so?”
― H. Rider Haggard, She: A History of Adventure

“The next best thing to being wise oneself is to live in a circle of those who are.”
― C.S. Lewis

“Learning isn't acquiring knowledge so much as it is trimming information that has already been acquired.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“The more you look into and understand yourself, the less judgmental you become towards others.”
― Tariq Ramadan

“Everyone's allowed to be in love with the wrong person at some point. In fact, it's a mistake not to be.”
― Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After

“The fear of God is not the beginning of wisdom. The fear of God is the death of wisdom. Skepticism and doubt lead to study and investigation, and investigation is the beginning of wisdom.”
― Clarence Darrow, Why I Am an Agnostic and Other Essays

“There are two paths of which one may choose in the walk of life; one we are born with, and the one we consciously blaze. One is naturally true, while the other is a perceptive illusion. Choose wisely at each fork in the road.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“To better understand God we must first shatter our own idea of God - maybe even day after day. Maybe he's too great to stay compressed in the human mind. Maybe he splits it wide open; this is why pretentious intellectualism so often fails to comprehend the concept of God: it is only accepting of what it can explain while in the process finding higher sources offensive. What we may confidently assert is that faith is the opening that allows God, this unpredictable, unseen power, to travel in and out of the mind without all the pains of confusion.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“There are two words that you should use frequently in your youth: ´sorry´ and ´thank-you´. Use the first one as often as possible, so that on your death bed all that you have to say to your friends is ´thank-you!´.”
― Robin Jones Gunn

“Your strength will be found when you stop struggling with yourself, instead of thinking everyone is a struggle worth overcoming. Every obstacle in life is a lesson that teaches us, not others.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“It is born in mind that the tragedy of life does not lie in not reaching the goal. The tragedy of life lies in having no goal to reach.”
― Benjamin E. Mays

“Sure, it was your idea and your fly, but he caught the big fish. Remember, fairness is a human idea largely unknown in nature.”
― John Gierach, Death, Taxes, and Leaky Waders: A John Gierach Fly-Fishing Treasury

“You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Nico knew something about ghosts. Letting them get inside your head was dangerous. He wanted to help Reyna, but since his own strategy was to deal with his problems alone, spurning anyone who tried to get close, he couldn’t exactly criticize Reyna for doing the same thing.”
― Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus

“...ducks and geese are foolish things, and must be looked after, but girls can take care of themselves.”
― Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow

“It is easy to be wise after the event.”
― Arthur Conan Doyle, The Complete Sherlock Holmes

“If you look around to find meaning in everything that happens, you will end up disappointed. Sometimes there aren’t reasons behind the terrible things that go on. I ask myself, If I knew all the answers, would it help? I lie awake and wonder why I don’t have parents and wonder what will become of my brother and me. But when the morning comes, I realize that there’s nothing to be done about what has already happened. I can only get up and do my chores and push through the day and find the good in it.”
― Adriana Trigiani, The Shoemaker's Wife

“Knowing others is wisdom. Knowing yourself is Enlightenment. - Lao-Tzu”
― The RZA, The Tao of Wu

“For, in life, it is in the darkest zones one finds the brightest beauty and the most luminous wisdom.”
― Adam Gidwitz, A Tale Dark & Grimm

“Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.”
― Buddha

“If we only fell in love with people who were perfect for us...then there wouldn't be so much fuss about love in the first place.”
― Amor Towles, Rules of Civility

“Where ignorance lurks, so too do the frontiers of discovery and imagination”
― Neil deGrasse Tyson

“There are two kinds of fools. One says, "This is old, and therefore good." And one says, " This is new, and therefore better.”
― John Brunner, The Shockwave Rider

“It was not curiosity that killed the goose who laid the golden egg, but an insatiable greed that devoured common sense.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“Probably the wisest words that were ever uttered to me. Came from a therapist. I was sitting in her office, crying my eyes out. . . and she said, "So let me get this straight. You base your personal happiness on things entirely out of your control.”
― Laura Munson, This Is Not The Story You Think It Is: A Season of Unlikely Happiness

“A virtuos woman is not moved by big names and flamboyance, but only men of profound wisdom and integrity move her.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“what's right? If you want something, you have the right to take it. If you want to do something, you have the right to do it.”
― Bret Easton Ellis

“It is not until you change your identity to match your life blueprint that you will understand why everything in the past never worked.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“To pursue wisdom is to live in such a way that one is prepared to face death when it comes. (247)”
― Gregory Bassham, The Ultimate Harry Potter and Philosophy: Hogwarts for Muggles

“A visitor is a friend, he brings news, good or bad, which is bread to the hungry minds in lonely places. A real friend who comes to the house is a heavenly messenger, who brings the panis angelorum.”
― Isak Dinesen, Out of Africa

“[novan]: bassists are very good with their fingers
[novan]: and some of us sing backup vocals, so that means we're good with our mouths too...

(~ IM chat with Novan Chang, 18, bassist)”
― Jess C Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel

“A shade of sorrow passed over Taliesin's face. 'There are those,' he said gently, 'who must first learn loss, despair, and grief. Of all paths to wisdom, this is the cruelest and longest. Are you one who must follow such a way? This even I cannot know. If you are, take heart nonetheless. Those who reach the end do more than gain wisdom. As rough wool becomes cloth, and crude clay a vessel, so do they change and fashion wisdom for others, and what they give back is greater than what they won.”
― Lloyd Alexander, The High King

“In life, the hardest decisions often have to be made more than once. But each time, it gets easier.”
― Matthew J. Kirby, Icefall

“Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“All my problems bow before my stubbornness.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“The modern ignorance is in people's assumption that they can outsmart their own nature. It is in the arrogance that will believe nothing that cannot be proved, and respect nothing it cannot understand, and value nothing it cannot sell . . . The next hard time is just as real to him as the last, and so is the next blessing. The new ignorance is the same as the old, only less aware that ignorance is the same as the old, only less aware that ignorance is what it is. It is less humble, more foolish and frivolous, more dangerous. A man, Old Jack thinks, has no choice but to be ignorant, but he does not have to be a fool. He can know his place, and he can stay in it and be faithful.”
― Wendell Berry

“The past is our definition. We may strive with good reason to escape it or to escape what is bad in it but we will escape it only by adding something better to it.”
― Wendall Berry

“The topic of compassion is not at all religious business; it is important to know it is human business, it is a question of human survival.”
― Dalai Lama XIV

“The best way to see Faith is to shut the eye of Reason.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.”
― Amit Kalantri

“Only a female could be as calculating and have the foresight that destiny requires,' the gypsy explained. 'Now fate is a man,' he went on, 'no planning, just go with the flow and see what tomorrow brings.”
― Traci Harding, The Dragon Queens

“learn from the past live in the present plan for the future”
― Audrey Farrell

“We don't receive wisdom we must discover it for ourselves.”
― Marcel Proust

“Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline."

Proverbs 1:7 NLT”
― Eddie Johnson

“They say you should know your limits and work within them. But how can you really know your limits unless you try to expand them?”
― Jonathan Cainer

“Be beautiful if you can, wise if you want to, but be respected - that is essential.”
― Anna Gould

“Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.”
― Maori Proverb

“Intelligence arouses fear and respect, the lack of it keeps one on the narrow minded road of disrespect, stupidity and inferiority complex.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Give me the facts and I will determine my own truths.”
― Tanjlisa Marie

“The weak are dominated by their ego, the wise dominate their ego, and the intelligent are in a constant struggle against their ego.”
― Hamza Yusuf

“Some people are like thorns. But you have to let them be thorns, because thorns can't turn into petals. The trick is not letting them prick you; never let a thorn prick you!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“I observe and remain silent.”
― Queen Elizabeth I

“They say that patriotism is the last refuge to which a scoundrel clings steal a little and they throw you in jail. Steal a lot and then they make you king.”
― Bob Dylan

“It is a common sentence that knowledge is power; but who hath duly considered or set forth the power of ignorance? Knowledge slowly builds up what ignorance in an hour pulls down.”
― George Eliot, Daniel Deronda

“To know when to be generous and when firm—that is wisdom.”
― Edith Wharton

“Ordinary people merely think how they shall 'spend' their time; a man of talent tries to 'use' it.”
― Arthur Schopenhauer

“It is because of its emptiness that the cup is useful.”
― Carole Wilkinson, Dragon Keeper

“Misfortunes make us wise”
― Mary Norton, The Borrowers Afield

“Grown people know that they do not always know the way of things, and even if they think they know, they do not know where and how they got the proof.”
― Zora Neale Hurston, Dust Tracks on a Road

“Lady Wisdom will be your close friend; and Brother Knowledge will be your pleasant companion.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“Don't assume the world evolved in the order in which you discovered it.”
― Raymond E. Feist

“Few among men are they who cross to the further shore. The others merely run up and down the bank on this side.”
― Siddhārtha Gautama

“Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing
difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well. Sometimes your greatest asset is
simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else.”
― Brian Tracy

“Wisdom can be gathered on your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television. Of course, bad information is gathered in your downtime too. Bad information that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television. One of wisdom's greatest benefits, is accurate discernment- the learned ability to immediately tell right from wrong. Good from evil. Acceptable from unacceptable. Time well spent from time wasted. The right decision from the wrong decision. And many times this is simply a matter of having the correct perspective. One way to define wisdom is THE ABILITY TO SEE, INTO THE FUTURE, THE CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR CHOICES IN THE PRESENT. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like... with a degree of intelligence and a hint of wisdom, most people can tell the difference between good and bad. However, it takes a truly wise person to discern the oh-so-thin line between good and best. And that line...[gives you the] perspective that allows you to see clearly the long-term consequences of your choices. ”
― Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective

“Are we being good ancestors?”
― Jonas Salk

“In God's eyes, a man who teaches one truth and nothing else is more righteous than a man who teaches a million truths and one lie.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Most people know nothing about learning; many despise it. Dummies reject as too hard whatever is not dumb.”
― Thomas More, Utopia

“When I start a new seminar I tell my students that I will undoubtedly contradict myself, and that I will mean both things. But an acceptance of contradiction is no excuse for fuzzy thinking. We do have to use our minds as far as they will take us, yet acknowledge that they cannot take us all the way.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet

“What we have to learn, in both meditation and in life, is to be free of
attachment to the good experiences, and free of aversion to the negative ones.”
― Soygal Rinpoche

“When we search for "ourselves" in the eyes of others, we have imprisoned our own-selves in believing that our self-worth is nothing unless others validate who we are. Unless we approve of whom we are, what we are, and what we are capable of doing as an individual, only then we will have released "ourselves" from our own imprisonment. We are in charge of our own life's destiny and what we do and become can only be validated by our accomplishments and failures; not by what others may think of us.”
― Dahveed, Through The Eyes of A Foster Child: A Poetic Journey

“All knowledge meets an end at the question '...Why?”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“You will meet many opponents in your time that will come face to face with your flaws, trust the chaos ~ pain & confusion is the pathway to break open and become free.”
― Nikki Rowe

“Success equals goals; all else is commentary.
”
― Brian Tracy

“Trying too hard to be too good, even when trying to be bad, is too good for the bad, too bad for the good.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Tell no man anything, for no man listens
Yet hold thy lips ready to speak.”
― Carl Sandburg

“Pick a leader who will not only bail out banks and airlines, but also families from losing their homes -- or jobs due to their companies moving to other countries. Pick a leader who will fund schools, not limit spending on education and allow libraries to close. Pick a leader who chooses diplomacy over war. An honest broker in foreign relations. A leader with integrity, one who says what they mean, keeps their word and does not lie to their people. Pick a leader who is strong and confident, yet humble. Intelligent, but not sly. A leader who encourages diversity, not racism. One who understands the needs of the farmer, the teacher, the doctor, and the environmentalist -- not only the banker, the oil tycoon, the weapons developer, or the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Must I accept the barren Gift?
-learn death, and lose my Mastery?
Then let them know whose blood and breath
will take the Gift and set them free:
whose is the voice and whose the mind
to set at naught the well-sung Game-
when finned Finality arrives
and calls me by my secret Name.

Not old enough to love as yet,
but old enough to die, indeed-
-the death-fear bites my throat and heart,
fanged cousin to the Pale One's breed.
But past the fear lies life for all-
perhaps for me: and, past my dread,
past loss of Mastery and life,
the Sea shall yet give up Her dead!

Lone Power, I accept your Gift!
Freely I make death a part of me;
By my accept it is bound
into the lives of all the Sea-

yet what I do now binds to it
a gift I feel of equal worth:
I take Death with me, out of Time,
and make of it a path, a birth!

Let the teeth come! As they tear me,
they tear Your ancient hate for aye-
-so rage, proud Power! Fail again,
and see my blood teach Death to die!”
― Diane Duane, Deep Wizardry

“When we venture in that unfamiliar sea, we trust blindly in those who guide us, believing that they know more than we do.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Witch of Portobello

“It does not take much to make us realize what fools we are, but the little it takes is long in coming.”
― Flannery O'Connor

“Wisdom tends to grow in proportion to one's awareness of one's ignorance.”
― Anthony de Mello, One Minute Wisdom

“Night is certainly more novel and less profane than day.”
― Henry David Thoreau

“Fiction is written with reality and reality is written with fiction. We can write fiction because there is reality and we can write reality because there is fiction; everything we consider today to be myth and legend, our ancestors believed to be history and everything in our history includes myths and legends. Before the splendid modern-day mind was formed our cultures and civilizations were conceived in the wombs of, and born of, what we identify today as "fiction, unreality, myth, legend, fantasy, folklore, imaginations, fabrications and tall tales." And in our suddenly realized glory of all our modern-day "advancements" we somehow fail to ask ourselves the question "Who designated myths and legends as unreality? " But I ask myself this question because who decided that he was spectacular enough to stand up and say to our ancestors "You were all stupid and disillusioned and imagining things" and then why did we all decide to believe this person? There are many realities not just one. There is a truth that goes far beyond what we are told today to believe in. And we find that truth when we are brave enough to break away from what keeps everybody else feeling comfortable. Your reality is what you believe in. And nobody should be able to tell you to believe otherwise.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Words
are powerful
forces of nature.

they are destruction.
they are nourishment.
they are flesh.
they are water.
they are flowers
and bone.

they burn. they cleanse
they erase. they etch.

they can either
leave you
feeling
homeless

or brimming
with home.”
― Sanober Khan

“Forget the years, forget distinctions. Leap into the boundless and make it your home!”
― Chuang Tzu

“When you come to see you are not as wise today as you thought you were yesterday, you are wiser today.”
― Anthony de Mello, One Minute Wisdom

“Our wisdom comes from our experience,
and our experience comes from our foolishness.”
― Sacha Guitry

“It is a disaster that wisdom forbids you to be satisfied with yourself and always sends you away dissatisfied and fearful, whereas stubbornness and foolhardiness fill their hosts with joy and assurance.”
― Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays

“Men must endure
Their going hence, even as their coming hither.
Ripeness is all.”
― William Shakespeare, King Lear

“I didn't set out to discover a truth. I was actually sent to the Outer Fringes to conduct a chair census and learn some humility. But the truth inevitably found me, as important truths often do, like a lost thought in need of a mind.”
― Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey

“Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to hide the bodies of those people I had to kill because they pissed me off!”
― Sarah Ferguson

“When every situation which life can offer is turned to the profit of spiritual growth, no situation can really be a bad one.”
― Paul Brunton

“Don't let others box you into their idea of what they think you should be. A confined identity is a miserable way to exist. Be you and live free. Trust that in living true to yourself, you will attract people that support and love you, just as you are.”
― Jaeda DeWalt

“Once a wolf, always a wolf.”
― Aesop, Aesop's Fables

“Before, you are wise; after, you are wise. In between you are otherwise”
― David Zindell, The Broken God

“....it is of the very essence of Christianity to face suffering and death not because they are good, not because they have meaning, but because the resurrection of Jesus has robbed them of their meaning.”
― Thomas Merton

“She was not too young to be wise, but she was too young to know that wisdom
shouldn't be spoken aloud when you are happy.”
― Graham Greene, Loser Takes All

“Every concept of reality is all in our head, belief is what makes truth.”
― Christy Leigh Stewart

“Perhaps the hardest lesson to learn is not to be attached to the results of your actions.”
― Joan Borysenko

“[Y]ou [man] are fool enough, it seems, to dare to war with [woman=] me, when for your faithful ally you might win me easily.”
― Aristophanes, Lysistrata

“When a youth was giving himself airs in the Theatre and saying, 'I am wise, for I have conversed with many wise men,' Epictetus replied, 'I too have conversed with many rich men, yet I am not rich!’.”
― Epictetus

“Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“I remember my youth and the feeling that will never come back any more /the feeling that I could last for ever, outlast the sea, the earth, and all men; the deceitful feeling that lures us on to joys, to perils, to love, to vain effort /to death; the triumphant conviction of strength, the heat of life in the handful of dust, the glow in the heart that with every year grows dim, grows cold, grows small, and expires /and expires, too soon, too soon /before life itself”
― joseph conrad

“كم نميل الى تذكر الاشياء بصورة مثالية لمجرد ان انتهاءها يستدعى منا المزيد من اللطف حيالها , مندرجين تحت طائلة "اذكروا محاسن موتاكم”
― صبا الحرز, الآخرون

“Money isn't the solution to your problems. It only lets you carry your unhappiness around in style.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Perhaps there is supranatural: reason beyond the normal definitions of fact or data-based logic; something that only makes sense if you can see a bigger picture of reality. Maybe that is where faith fits in.”
― Wm. Paul Young, The Shack

“I feared my own kind more than anything the natural world could ever threaten me with.”
― Robin Hobb, Assassin's Quest

“...for a country is considered the more civilized the more the wisdom and efficiency of its laws hinder a weak man from becoming too weak or a powerful one too powerful.”
― Primo Levi, Survival in Auschwitz

“They grew; they did not talk about growing.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“For the future, I shall rely only upon those elements of my character which I have tested. Who would ever have said that I should find pleasure in shedding tears? That I should love the man who proves to me that I am nothing more than a fool?”
― Stendhal, The Red and the Black

“At times the whole world seems to be in conspiracy to importune you with emphatic trifles. Friend, client, child, sickness, fear, want, charity, all knock at once at thy closet door and say,—'Come out unto us.' But keep thy state; come not into their confusion. The power men possess to annoy me I give them by a weak curiosity. No man can come near me but through my act.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Burn worldly love,
rub the ashes and make ink of it,
make the heart the pen,
the intellect the writer,
write that which has no end or limit.”
― Guru Nanak, Sri Guru Granth Sahib

“Never pause unless you have a reason for it, but when you pause, pause as long as you can.”
― W. Somerset Maugham, Theatre

“You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“You tell me: 'Life is hard to bear.' But if it were otherwise why should you have your pride in the morning and your resignation in the evening?
Life is hard to bear: but do not pretend to be so tender! We are all of us pretty fine asses and asseses of burden!”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra

“Remember, young man, experience is not the best teacher. Other people's experience is the best teacher. By reading about the lives of great people, you can unlock the secrets to what made them great.”
― Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective

“انني احترم حق كل انسان في ان يؤمن بما يعتقد انه الصواب، وانتظر أن أعامل بالمثل.”
― Malcolm X

“Pull the string and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.”
― Dwight D. Eisenhower

“There is no competition of sounds between a nightingale and a violin.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The notion of freedom proclaimed by the modern world is anti-discipline. But true freedom cannot be separated from discipline.”
― Matthew Kelly, Rediscover Catholicism

“مهما كان توجهك في الحياة حاول في كل يوم أن تبذل القليل من الجهد لقراءة المقالات أو الكتب التي تخالفك الرأي وكل ما تفعله هو توسيع مدراكك وفتح قلبك أمام الجديد من الأفكار وسيقلل هذا الإنفتاح الجديد من التوتر الذي يسببه الإبتعاد عن وجهات النظر الأخرى وهذا التمرين بالإضافة إلى كونه شائقاً سوف يساعدك على رؤية البراءة في تصرفات الغير علاوة على مساعدتك في التحلي بالمزيد من الصبر كما سيزداد استرخاؤك وتصبح إنساناً أعمق فلسفة لأنك ستبدأ بإدراك المنطق وراء وجهات النظر الأخرى.”
― ريتشارد كارلسون

“[The wives of powerful noblemen] must be highly knowledgeable about government, and wise – in fact, far wiser than most other such women in power. The knowledge of a baroness must be so comprehensive that she can understand everything. Of her a philosopher might have said: "No one is wise who does not know some part of everything." Moreover, she must have the courage of a man. This means that she should not be brought up overmuch among women nor should she be indulged in extensive and feminine pampering. Why do I say that? If barons wish to be honoured as they deserve, they spend very little time in their manors and on their own lands. Going to war, attending their prince's court, and traveling are the three primary duties of such a lord. So the lady, his companion, must represent him at home during his absences. Although her husband is served by bailiffs, provosts, rent collectors, and land governors, she must govern them all. To do this according to her right she must conduct herself with such wisdom that she will be both feared and loved. As we have said before, the best possible fear comes from love.

When wronged, her men must be able to turn to her for refuge. She must be so skilled and flexible that in each case she can respond suitably. Therefore, she must be knowledgeable in the mores of her locality and instructed in its usages, rights, and customs. She must be a good speaker, proud when pride is needed; circumspect with the scornful, surly, or rebellious; and charitably gentle and humble toward her good, obedient subjects. With the counsellors of her lord and with the advice of elder wise men, she ought to work directly with her people. No one should ever be able to say of her that she acts merely to have her own way. Again, she should have a man's heart. She must know the laws of arms and all things pertaining to warfare, ever prepared to command her men if there is need of it. She has to know both assault and defence tactics to insure that her fortresses are well defended, if she has any expectation of attack or believes she must initiate military action. Testing her men, she will discover their qualities of courage and determination before overly trusting them. She must know the number and strength of her men to gauge accurately her resources, so that she never will have to trust vain or feeble promises. Calculating what force she is capable of providing before her lord arrives with reinforcements, she also must know the financial resources she could call upon to sustain military action.

She should avoid oppressing her men, since this is the surest way to incur their hatred. She can best cultivate their loyalty by speaking boldly and consistently to them, according to her council, not giving one reason today and another tomorrow. Speaking words of good courage to her men-at-arms as well as to her other retainers, she will urge them to loyalty and their best efforts.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies

“But what minutes! Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day.”
― Benjamin Disraeli

“The tests we face in life's journey are not to reveal our weaknesses but to help us discover our inner strengths. We can only know how strong we are when we strive and thrive beyond the challenges we face.”
― Kemi Sogunle

“A day unemployed is like a bagel- even when it's bad, it's still pretty good...”
― CrimethInc., Evasion

“The ethos of redemption is realied in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.”
― Pope John Paul II, Blessed Are the Pure of Heart: Catechesis on the Sermon on the Mount and Writings of St. Paul

“Isn’t it funny how we make rational excuses for being out of alignment?

We say, “Well, this ____ and that ____ happened, so it makes perfect sense for me to be feeling like this ____ and wanting to do this ____.”

Yet, to this day, I have never met a happy person who adheres to those excuses. In fact, each time I – or anyone else – decide to give in to “rational excuses” that justify feeling bad – it’s interesting that only further suffering is the result.

There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Sure, we can go there and make choices that dim our lights… and that is fine; there certainly is purpose for it and the contrast gives us lessons to learn… yet if we’re aware of what we are doing and we’re ready to let go of the suffering – then why go there at all? It’s like beating a dead horse. Been there, done that… so why do we keep repeating it?

Pain is going to happen; it’s inevitable in this human experience, yet it is often so brief. When we make those excuses, what happens is: we pick up that pain and begin to carry it with us into the next day… and the next day… into next week… maybe next month… and some of us even carry it for years or to our graves!

Forgive, let it go! It is NOT worth it! It is NEVER worth it. There is never a good enough reason for us to pick up that pain and carry it with us. There is never a good enough reason for us to be out of alignment with peace. Unforgiveness hurts you; it hurts others, so why even go there? Why even promote pain? Why say painful things to yourself or others? Why think pain? Just let it go!

Whenever I look back on painful things or feel pain today, I know it is my EGO that drives me to “go there.” The EGO likes to have the last word, it likes to feel superior, it likes to make others feel less than in hopes that it will make itself (me) feel better about my insecurities. Maybe if I hurt them enough, they will feel the pain I felt over what they did to me. It’s only fair! It’s never my fault; it’s always someone else’s. There is a twisted sense of pleasure I get from feeling this way, and my EGO eats it right up. YET! With awareness that continues to grow and expand each day, I choose to not feed my pain (EGO) or even go there. I still feel it at times, of course, so I simply acknowledge it and then release it.

I HAVE power and choice over my speech and actions. I do not need to ever “go there” again. It’s my choice; it’s your choice. So it’s about damn time we start realizing this. We are not victims of our impulses or emotions; we have the power to control them, and so it’s time to stop acting like we don’t. It’s time to relinquish the excuses.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth. ”
― Ludwig Börne

“There are questions I'm still not wise enough to answer, just wise enough to no longer ask.”
― George Jones

“Philosophers have often held dispute
As to the seat of thought in man and brute
For that the power of thought attends the latter
My friend, thy beau, hath made a settled matter,
And spite of dogmas current in all ages,
One settled fact is better than ten sages. (O,Tempora! O,Mores!)”
― Edgar Allan Poe, The Complete Stories and Poems

“Wisdom says we are nothing. Love says we are everything. Between these two our life flows.”
― Jack Kornfield

“Ask a deeply religious Christian if he’d rather live next to a bearded Muslim that may or may not be plotting a terror attack, or an atheist that may or may not show him how to set up a wireless network in his house. On the scale of prejudice, atheists don’t seem so bad lately.”
― Scott Adams

“In the long run what people think about shepherds and bakers becomes more important for them than their own destinies.”
― Paulo Coehlo

“Whatever you want to be in life, you're training for it right now.”
― Michael Anderson

“We are losing the ability to understand anything that's even vaguely complex.”
― Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto

“Negeri ini sungguh-sungguh membutuhkan pemberani-pemberani yang gila, asal cerdas. Bukan yang tahu adat, yang berkepribadian pribumi, yang suka harmoni, yang saleh alim, yang nurut model kuli dan babu.”
― Y.B. Mangunwijaya, Burung-Burung Rantau

“Happiness is an elusive state of mind not to be gained by clumsy pursuit.It is given to those who do not sue for it:to be unconcerned about a desired good is probably the only way to possess it.”
― Ruskin Bond, The Lamp is Lit: Leaves from a Journal

“Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.”
― Jalal Al-E Ahmad

“Be a worthy worker and work will come.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Earthlings went on being friendly, when they should have been thinking instead.”
― Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions

“Journeys end in lovers meeting,
Every wise man's son doth know.”
― William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night

“Wise men talk because they have something to say; Fools, because they have to say something.”
― Plato

“I've been the oldest child since before you were born”
― E.L. Konigsburg, From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler

“It is the destiny of the weak to be devoured by the strong.”
― Otto von Bismarck

“Words rich in meaning can be cheap in sound effects.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“TO the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist much, obey little,
Once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved,
Once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever after-ward resumes its liberty.”
― Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass

“People of limited intelligence are fond of talking about "these days," imagining that they have discovered and appraised the peculiarities of "these days" and that human nature changes with the times.”
― Leo Tolstoy

“Where lowland is, that's where water goes. All medicine wants is pain to cure.”
― Rumi Jalalud-Din

“They were quiet for a while, eating, then Oromis asked, "Can you tell me, What is the most important mental tool a person can possess?"
It was a serious question, and Eragon considered it for a reasonable span before he ventured to say, "Determination."
Oromis tore the loaf in half with his long white fingers. "I can understand why you arrived at that conclusion-determination has served you well in your adventures-but no. I meant the tool most necessary to choose the best course of action in any given situation. Determination is as common among men who are dull and foolish as it is among those who are brilliant intellects. So, no, determination cannot be what we're looking for.”
― Christopher Paolini, Eldest

“The youth gets together his materials to build a bridge to the moon, or, perchance, a palace or temple on the earth, and, at length, the middle-aged man concludes to build a woodshed with them.”
― Henry David Thoreau

“No matter how tiny you look, you can lead huge men if you have what the huge men don't have.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“Money is the root of all evil.' Then we hear, 'A fool and his money are soon parted.' What are they talking about? If money is so evil, shouldn't it be, 'A wise man and his money are soon parted'? And another thing, how does a fool get money in the first place? I know some fools who have a lot of money, but they won't tell me how they got it, and I won't tell them.”
― George Burns, Doctor Burns' Prescription for Happiness

“Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey.”
― Lolly Daskal, Thoughts Spoken From The Heart

“For my own part, I tend to find the doctrinal books often more helpful in devotion than the devotional books, and I rather suspect that the same experience may await others. I believe that many who find that ‘nothing happens’ when they sit down, or kneel down, to a book of devotion, would find that the heart sings unbidden while they are working their way through a tough bit of theology with a pipe in their teeth and a pencil in their hand.”
― C.S. Lewis, God in the Dock: Essays on Theology and Ethics

“why can't we control our anger? because we love perfection. make a little room for imperfection in our lives.”
― Sri Sri Ravi Shankar

“These are the three stages of enlightenment, the three glimpses of satori.

1. The first stage enlightenment:
A Glimpse of the Whole

The first stage of enlightenment is short glimpse from faraway of the whole. It is a short glimpse of being.
The first stage of enlightenment is when, for the first time, for a single moment the mind is not functioning. The ordinary ego is still present at the first stage of enlightenment, but you experience for a short while that there is something beyond the ego.
There is a gap, a silence and emptiness, where there is not thought between you and existence.
You and existence meet and merge for a moment.
And for the first time the seed, the thirst and longing, for enlightenment, the meeting between you and existence, will grow in your heart.

2. The second stage of enlightenment:
Silence, Relaxation, Togetherness, Inner Being

The second stage of enlightenment is a new order, a harmony, from within, which comes from the inner being. It is the quality of freedom.
The inner chaos has disappeared and a new silence, relaxation and togetherness has arisen.
Your own wisdom from within has arisen.
A subtle ego is still present in the second stage of enlightenment.
The Hindus has three names for the ego:
1. Ahamkar, which is the ordinary ego.
2. Asmita, which is the quality of Am-ness, of no ego. It is a very silent ego, not aggreessive, but it is still a subtle ego.
3. Atma, the third word is Atma, when the Am-ness is also lost. This is what Buddha callas no-self, pure being.
In the second stage of enlightenment you become capable of being in the inner being, in the gap, in the meditative quality within, in the silence and emptiness.
For hours, for days, you can remain in the gap, in utter aloneness, in God.
Still you need effort to remain in the gap, and if you drop the effort, the gap will disappear.
Love, meditation and prayer becomes the way to increase the effort in the search for God.
Then the second stage becomes a more conscious effort. Now you know the way, you now the direction.

3. The third stage of enlightenment:
Ocean, Wholeness, No-self, Pure being

At the third stage of enlightenment, at the third step of Satori, our individual river flowing silently, suddenly reaches to the Ocean and becomes one with the Ocean.
At the third Satori, the ego is lost, and there is Atma, pure being. You are, but without any boundaries. The river has become the Ocean, the Whole.
It has become a vast emptiness, just like the pure sky.
The third stage of enlightenment happens when you have become capable of finding the inner being, the meditative quality within, the gap, the inner silence and emptiness, so that it becomes a natural quality.
You can find the gap whenever you want.
This is what tantra callas Mahamudra, the great orgasm, what Buddha calls Nirvana, what Lao Tzu calls Tao and what Jesus calls the kingdom of God.
You have found the door to God.
You have come home.”
― Swami Dhyan Giten

“Empathy nurtures wisdom. Apathy cultivates ignorance.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“People talk to old people like they're children.'Oh you're very old aren't you?' Yeah I'm old. I'm not stupid.”
― craig ferguson

“Life is not long, and too much of it must not pass in idle deliberation how it shall be spent. ”
― Samuel Johnson

“All pain is the same.”
― Oprah Winfrey

“Happiness is never there to stay [...] Happiness is merely a respite offered by inquietude.”
― Andre Maurois, Climats

“What should I do—how should I act now, this very day . . . What she would resolve to do that day did not yet seem quite clear, but something that she could achieve stirred her as with an approaching murmur which would soon gather distinctness.”
― George Eliot (Middlemarch)

“If you rest, you rust.”
― Helen Hayes

“A lot of young girls think that the opposite of fake is rudeness. And just as ugly as fake is, so is saying whatever is on your mind because it's the truth.”
― Tyra Banks

“We tend to live up to our expectations.”
― Earl Nightingale

“People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.”
― Amit Kalantri

“Those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war.”
― Winston Churchill

“Great losses are great lessons.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“You are not limited to this body, to this mind, or to this reality—you are a limitless ocean of Consciousness, imbued with infinite potential. You are existence itself.”
― Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom

“Don't believe everything you think. Thoughts are just that - thoughts.”
― Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living

“From the mouths of the innocents flows truth.”
― Rae Carson, The Girl of Fire and Thorns

“Hats have power. Hats can change you into someone else.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making

“The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.”
― Jess C. Scott, The Darker Side of Life

“Nobody is wired wrong, because there’s no wrong and right in the way we are.”
― hannah hart

“I listen with attention to the judgment of all men;
but so far as I can remember,
I have followed none but my own.”
― Michel de Montaigne

“Talk is free but the wise man chooses when to spend his words.”
― Neil Gaiman, Odd and the Frost Giants

“If you’re reading these words, perhaps it’s because something has kicked open the door for you, and you’re ready to embrace change. It isn’t enough to appreciate change from afar, or only in the abstract, or as something that can happen to other people but not to you. We need to create change for ourselves, in a workable way, as part of our everyday lives.”
― Sharon Salzberg, The Power of Meditation: A 28-Day Programme for Real Happiness

“For the wise have always known that no one can make much of his life until self-searching has become a regular habit, until he is able to admit and accept what he finds, and until he patiently and persistently tries to correct what is wrong. – Bill W.”
― Bill W.

“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Incredibly intelligent people always seem odd to those who are not as sharp.”
― Alexei Maxim Russell, Why Not-World

“The fool who knows his folly
Becomes wise by that fact.
But the fool who thinks he's wise -
He's called 'a fool' indeed!”
― Anonymous, The Dhammapada

“Go slowly, so that you do not bite your tail by accident.”
― Christopher Paolini, Inheritance

“Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens,'said Gimli.
'Maybe,'said Elrond,'but let him not vow to walk in the dark, who has not seen the nightfall.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“Veganism is an act of nonviolent defiance. It is our statement that we reject the notion that animals are things and that we regard sentient nonhumans as moral persons with the fundamental moral right not to be treated as the property or resources of humans.”
― GaryLFrancione

“Foolishness sleeps soundly, while knowledge turns with each thinking hour, longing for the dawn of answers.”
― Anthony Liccione

“Cricket Bell.” I smiled into my phone. “How did you get so wise?”
― Stephanie Perkins , Lola and the Boy Next Door

“Love begets wisdom, thus it is, as often misconceived, more than vain layers of tenderness; it is inherently rational and comprehensive of the problem within the problem: for instance, envy is one of the most excused sins in the media of political correctness. Those you find most attractive, or seem to have it all, are often some of the most insecure at heart, and that is because people assume that they do not need anything but defamation.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“When did you get so clever?"
"When I realized I wasn't as clever as I thought.”
― John Connolly, The Infernals

“The only way to move from your reality to God’s reality is through people who love you.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Do not seek water, get thirst.”
― Rumi

“What God says is best, indeed is best, though all men in the world are against it. Seeing, then, that God prefers his religion; seeing God prefers a tender conscience; seeing they that make themselves fools for the kingdom of heaven are wisest; and that the poor man that loveth Christ is richer than the greatest man in the world that hates him: Shame, depart, thou art an enemy to my salvation.”
― John Bunyan

“Naive people tend to generalize people as—-good, bad, kind, or evil based on their actions. However, even the smartest person in the world is not the wisest or the most spiritual, in all matters. We are all flawed. Maybe, you didn’t know a few of these things about Einstein, but it puts the notion of perfection to rest. Perfection doesn’t exist in anyone. Nor, does a person’s mistakes make them less valuable to the world.

1. He divorced the mother of his children, which caused Mileva, his wife, to have a break down and be hospitalized.

2.He was a ladies man and was known to have had several affairs; infidelity was listed as a reason for his divorce.

3.He married his cousin.

4.He had an estranged relationship with his son.

5. He had his first child out of wedlock.

6. He urged the FDR to build the Atom bomb, which killed thousands of people.

7. He was Jewish, yet he made many arguments for the possibility of God. Yet, hypocritically he did not believe in the Jewish God or Christianity. He stated, “I believe in Spinoza’s God who reveals himself in the harmony of all that exists, not in a God who concerns himself with the fate and the doings of mankind.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“The greater the gap between self perception and reality, the more aggression is unleashed on those who point out the discrepancy.”
― Stefan Molyneux

“The most beautiful thing in the world is a heart that is changing.”
― Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World

“Dia yang terlalu tinggi di atas singgasana tidak pernah melihat telapak kakinya. Dia tak pernah ingat, pada tubuhnya ada bagian yang bernama telapak kaki. Pendengarannya tidak untuk menangkap suara dewa, juga tidak suara segala yang di bawah telapak kaki. Ia hanya dengarkan diri sendiri. Suara murid Bapa ini takkan sampai kepadanya. Untuknya yang paling tepat hanya dijolok.”
― Pramoedya Ananta Toer, Arok Dedes

“Dubium sapientiae initium (Doubt is the origin of wisdom).”
― René Descartes

“If a writer of prose knows enough about what he is writing about he may omit things that he knows and the reader, if the writer is writing truly enough, will have a feeling of those things as strongly as though the writer had stated them. The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water. A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing. A writer who appreciates the seriousness of writing so little that he is anxious to make people see he is formally educated, cultured or well-bred is merely a popinjay. And this too remember; a serious writer is not to be confounded with a solemn writer. A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.”
― Ernest Hemingway

“Act as if it was, and it will be.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.”
― John Witherspoon

“It's not enough to be nice in life. You've got to have nerve.”
― Georgia O'Keeffe

“The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.”
― Bertrand Russell

“Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent.”
― Napoleon Hill

“The closer you come to knowing that you alone create the world of your experience, the more vital it becomes for you to discover just who is doing the creating.”
― Eric Micha'el Leventhal

“For we have been socialized to respect fear more than our own needs for language and definition, and while we wait in silence for that final luxury of fearlessness, the weight of that silence will choke us.”
― Audre Lorde

“If men could learn from history, what lessons it might teach us. But passion and party blind our eyes, and the light which experience gives us is a lantern on the stern, which shines only on the waves behind us.”
― Samuel Taylor Coleridge

“there is only one way under high heaven to get the best of an argument - and that is to avoid it .”
― Dale carnegie

“some winters
will never melt

some summers
will never freeze

and some things will only
... live in poems.”
― Sanober Khan, Turquoise Silence

“What is grand is necessarily obscure to weak men. That which can be made explicit to the idiot is not worth my care.”
― William Blake

“The soul, in its loneliness, hopes only for "salvation." And yet what is the burden of the Bible if not a sense of the mutuality of influence, rising out of an essential unity, among soul and body and community and world? These are all the works of God, and it is therefore the work of virtue to make or restore harmony among them. The world is certainly thought of as a place of spiritual trial, but it is also the confluence of soul and body, word and flesh, where thoughts must become deeds, where goodness must be enacted. This is the great meeting place, the narrow passage where spirit and flesh, word and world, pass into each other. The Bible's aim, as I read it, is not the freeing of the spirit from the world. It is the handbook of their interaction. It says that they cannot be divided; that their mutuality, their unity, is inescapable; that they are not reconciled in division, but in harmony. What else can be meant by the resurrection of the body? The body should be "filled with light," perfected in understanding. And so everywhere there is the sense of consequence, fear and desire, grief and joy. What is desirable is repeatedly defined in the tensions of the sense of consequence.”
― Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays

“When love and hate are both absent, everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the slightest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth, then hold no opinions for or against anything. To set up what you like against what you dislike is the disease of the mind.”
― Hsin Hsin Ming

“The very old and the very young have something in common that makes it right that they should be left alone together. Dawn and sunset see stars shining in a blue sky; but morning and midday and afternoon do not, poor things.”
― Elizabeth Goudge

“Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket" - which is but a matter of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention"; but the wise man saith, "Pull all your eggs in the one basket and - WATCH THAT BASKET." - Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar”
― Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson

“Wisdom is justified by all her children.
Luke 7:35”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version

“You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“Be aware of the high notes, of the blissful faces and their soft messages, and listen for the silent message of a highly decorated gift.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Balt Van Tassel was an easy indulgent soul; he loved his daughter better even than his pipe, and, like a reasonable man and an excellent father, let her have her way in everything.”
― Washington Irving , The Legend of Sleepy Hollow

“You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The possibility of the dream gives strength.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Progress is a natural result of staying focused on the process of doing anything.”
― Thomas M. Sterner, The Practicing Mind: Bringing Discipline and Focus into Your Life

“Live Free or Die; Death is Not the Worst of Evils.”
― John Stark

“In leadership, life and all things it’s far wiser to judge people by their deeds than their speech - their track record rather than their talk” – Rasheed Ogunlaru”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“The Master said, “What a worthy man was Yan Hui! Living in a narrow alley, subsisting upon meager bits of rice and water—other people could not have borne such hardship, and yet it never spoiled Hui’s joy. What a worthy man was Hui!”
(Analects 6.11)”
― Confucius

“You think money can solve any problem, but all it s good for is buying the things it can, and leaving you free to pursue the things it can't.”
― Ann Herendeen, Phyllida and the Brotherhood of Philander

“When people say "If I only knew then what I know now" makes me wonder why they aren't using that wisdom now.”
― Rob Liano

“Bloom to the fullest along the cutting edges of life.”
― Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul

“Among wise men there is no place at all left for hatred. For no one except the greatest of fools would hate good men. And there is no reason at all for hating the bad. For just as weakness is a disease of the body, so wickedness is a disease of the mind. And if this is so, since we think of people who are sick in body as deserving sympathy rather than hatred, much more so do they deserve pity rather than blame who suffer an evil more severe than any physical illness.”
― Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy

“Your life is not a simulation; it's the real game. Play wisely.”
― Richelle E. Goodrich, Being Bold

“Wherever you are, however you got there, if it's good, you're meant to be there either because you earned it or life led you there and you were smart enough to hold on.”
― Kristen Ashley, Heaven and Hell

“Summer grasses,
All that remains
Of soldiers' dreams”
― Bashō

“When people want to be liked for what they did, they should stop.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“The one who would be constant in happiness must frequently change.”
― Anthony de Mello, Awareness: A de Mello Spirituality Conference in His Own Words

“A moment of consideration often prevents a thousand apologies”
― Kevin J Anderson

“Forever is a really long time, you know? What do you do with forever?"
"The same thing you do when you don't have forever." He smiled wanly. "Live.”
― Amanda Hocking, Wisdom

“A craftsman pulled a reed from the reedbed,
cut holes in it, and called it a human being.

Since then, it's been wailing a tender agony
of parting, never mentioning the skill
that gave it life as a flute”
― Rumi Jalalu'l-Din

“It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.”
― Walter Lippmann

“It is not what he has, nor even what he does, which directly expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.”
― Henri-Frédéric Amiel

“It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daily basis.”
― Margaret Bonanno

“Every time we start thinking we're the center of the universe, the universe turns around and says with a slightly distracted air, 'I'm sorry. What'd you say your name was again?”
― Margaret Maron, Bootlegger's Daughter

“Ethical veganism represents a commitment to nonviolence.”
― GaryLFrancione

“Kehidupan lebih nyata daripada pendapat siapapun tentang kenyataan.”
― Pramoedya Ananta Toer, Child of All Nations

“It’s obvious you kids are smart-school and good teachers will do that for you-but wisdom is something altogether different. Wisdom can be gathered in your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television.”
― Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective

“Listen. Pay attention. Treasure every moment.”
― Oprah Winfrey

“It is, therefore, a great source of virtue for the practiced mind to learn, bit by bit, first to change about in visible and transitory things, so that afterwards it may be possible to leave them behind altogether. The man who finds his homeland sweet is still a tender beginner; he to whom every soil is as his native one is already strong; but he is perfect to whom the entire world is as a foreign land. The tender soul has fixed his love on one spot in the world; the strong man has extended his love to all places; the perfect man has extinguished his. From boyhood I have dwelt on foreign soil and I know with what grief sometimes the mind takes leave of the narrow hearth of a peasant's hut, and I know too how frankly it afterwards disdains marble firesides and panelled halls.”
― Hugh of Saint Victor, The Didascalicon of Hugh of Saint Victor: A Medieval Guide to the Arts

“Aeschylus writes, "In our sleep, pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grace of God.”
― Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art

“Boy, the solid things you can hold in your hands are never all you've got. They're the least of what belong to you. The qualities inside you, those are what you've really got to defend yourself with.”
― Traci L. Slatton, Immortal

“Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning... because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.”
― Chidi Okonkwo

“A sin is nothing more than regret. Not for doing it once, but doing it again when you know you’re going to regret it.”
― Carroll Bryant

“Many's the man/ who thought himself wise/ but what he needed/ he did not know...”
― Richard Wagner, The Ring of the Nibelung

“From whichever side I start, I think I am in an old place where others have been before me.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“To know how to put what knowledge in which place is wisdom (hikmah). Otherwise, knowledge without order and seeking it without discipline does lead to confusion and hence to injustice to one's self.”
― Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality

“He is beginning to master wisdom when he tries to learn how not to try.”
― Paul Brunton

“What you see is what you see”
― Frank Stella

“One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts- just mere thoughts- are as powerful as electric batteries- as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison. To let a sad thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after it has got you in you may never get over it as long as you live.”
― Frances Hodgson Burnett

“The compassionate person does not require other people to be stupid, in order to be intelligent. Their intelligence is for everyone, so as to have a world in which there is less ignorance. (118)”
― Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity

“I love you , Valentine’ is actually a popular phrase used in greeting cards.”
If you were sending me one, what would it say?” he asks.
I love you, too, Roman.”
And there it is, words that I dread to say and do mean, because with them comes the responsibility of owning it, moving forward together and deciding for real who we are to each other. Now we’re not just lovers discovering what we like and sharing what we know. In this mutual declaration, we’re accountable to each other. We’re in love, and now, our relationship has to build slowly and beautifully in order to hold all the joy and misery that lies ahead.”
― Adriana Trigiani, Very Valentine

“I receive Thee ransom of my soul. For love of Thee have I studied and kept vigil toiled preached and taught…”
― Thomas Aquinas

“Teaching others, he corrected himself.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on--that is, badly.”
― George Orwell, Animal Farm

“Ithaka

As you set out for Ithaka
hope the voyage is a long one,
full of adventure, full of discovery.
Laistrygonians and Cyclops,
angry Poseidon—don’t be afraid of them:
you’ll never find things like that on your way
as long as you keep your thoughts raised high,
as long as a rare excitement
stirs your spirit and your body.
Laistrygonians and Cyclops,
wild Poseidon—you won’t encounter them
unless you bring them along inside your soul,
unless your soul sets them up in front of you.

Hope the voyage is a long one.
May there be many a summer morning when,
with what pleasure, what joy,
you come into harbors seen for the first time;
may you stop at Phoenician trading stations
to buy fine things,
mother of pearl and coral, amber and ebony,
sensual perfume of every kind—
as many sensual perfumes as you can;
and may you visit many Egyptian cities
to gather stores of knowledge from their scholars.

Keep Ithaka always in your mind.
Arriving there is what you are destined for.
But do not hurry the journey at all.
Better if it lasts for years,
so you are old by the time you reach the island,
wealthy with all you have gained on the way,
not expecting Ithaka to make you rich.

Ithaka gave you the marvelous journey.
Without her you would not have set out.
She has nothing left to give you now.

And if you find her poor, Ithaka won’t have fooled you.
Wise as you will have become, so full of experience,
you will have understood by then what these Ithakas mean.”
― C.P. Cavafy, C. P. Cavafy: Collected Poems

“And, as always happens, and happens far too soon, the strange and wonderful becomes a memory and a memory becomes a dream. Tomorrow it's gone.”
― Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith

“Love taught me to die with dignity that I might come forth anew in splendor. Born once of flesh, then again of fire, I was reborn a third time to the sound of my name humming haikus in heaven’s mouth.”
― Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams

“The main thing about ghosts – most of them have lost their voices. In Asphodel, millions of them wander around aimlessly, trying to remember who they were. You know why they end up like that? Because in life they never took a stand one way or another. They never spoke out, so they were never heard. Your voice is your identity. If you don’t use it,’ Nico said with a shrug, ‘you’re halfway to Asphodel already.’
…
He hated when his own advice applied to himself.”
― Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus

“The master of the garden is the one who waters it, trims the branches, plants the seeds, and pulls the weeds. If you merely stroll through the garden, you are but an acolyte.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“To believe yourself brave is to be brave; it is the one only essential thing.”
― Mark Twain, Joan of Arc

“The best kind of happiness is a habit you're passionate about.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“A sign of a lover of wisdom is his delight in not running his mouth about things he doesn't know.”
― Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality

“Just remember this, my girl, when you look up in the sky you can see the stars and still not see the light.”
― Jack Tempchin

“Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Reading is at the threshold of the spiritual life; it can introduce us to it. It does not constitute it ... There are certain cases of spiritual depression in which reading can become a sort of curative discipline ... reintroducing a lazy mind into the life of the Spirit.”
― Marcel Proust

“I am of old and young, of the foolish as much as the wise,
Regardless of others, ever regardful of others,
Maternal as well as paternal, a child as well as a man,
Stuffed with the stuff that is course, and stuffed with the stuff that is fine, one of the nation, of many nations, the smallest the same and the the largest”
― Walt Whitman, Song of Myself

“Before the fruits of prosperity can come, the storms of life need to first bring the required rains of testing, which mixes with the seeds of wisdom to produce a mature harvest.”
― Lincoln Patz

“The universe never complains.
When you're wrong or right,
She always loves and cares,
She always gives and shares.
When you get lost she becomes the light,
Helps you to find what is right.
But she never forgets
To show you the light.”
― Debasish Mridha M.D.

“Superficiality is the curse of the modern world.”
― Matthew Kelly, Rediscover Catholicism

“The failure mode of clever is “asshole.”
― John Scalzi

“That was courage, Keller thought. Not doing something without being afraid, but doing something even though you were afraid.”
― L.J. Smith, Witchlight

“Reading all the quotes in the world won’t make you or me into Plato, Gandhi Or Einstein, just like watching hundreds games of soccer won’t make you a soccer player or taking a yoga class will make u a yogini, or reading a golf book will make you a golfer. We need to put the Knowledge to practice and that is the challenge. Put it to work for you, make the effort to Follow Through”
― pablo

“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”
― Dr Roopleen

“For the most part wisdom comes in chips rather than blocks. You have to be willing to gather them constantly, and from sources you never imagined to be probable. No one chip gives you the answer for everything. No one chip stays in the same place throughout your entire life. The secret is to keep adding voices, adding ideas, and moving things around as you put together your life. If you’re lucky, putting together your life is a process that will last through every single day you’re alive.”
― Ann Patchett, What Now?

“Peaceful disputes are maintained when men sincerely believe that they are morally, logically correct about the issues at hand. It is when neither side is really certain that wars are instigated.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Wind is renewable. Turbines are not.”
― Ozzie Zehner, Green Illusions

“Mirrors that hide nothing hurt me. But this is the hurt of purging and precious renewal - and these are the mirrors of dangerous grace.”
― Walter Wangerin, Jr

“Women particularly should concern themselves with peace because men by nature are more foolhardy and headstrong, and their overwhelming desire to avenge themselves prevents them from foreseeing the resulting dangers and terrors of war. But woman by nature is more gentle and circumspect. Therefore, if she has sufficient will and wisdom she can provide the best possible means to pacify man.”
― Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies

“There's no greater show on earth than observing human nature”
― Benny Bellamacina, Little Luigi: A Musical Adventure

“Every generation needs a new revolution.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“As soon as anger knocks at one’s door, wisdom prepares to leave.”
― Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy

“The statement ‘There is nothing more American than an Indian’ happens to be a multidimensional paradox. Try and not say too many of those. That might open your mind to ideas that could cause sanity point loss.”
― Charles Slagle

“Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face.”
― Mike Tyson

“Why so much grief for me? No man will hurl me down to Death, against my fate. And fate? No one alive has ever escaped it, neither brave man nor coward, I tell you - it’s born with us the day that we are born.”
― Homer, The Iliad

“If you argue and rankle and contradict, you may achieve a victory sometimes; but it will be an empty victory because you will never get your opponent's good will.”
― Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People

“What do we any of us have but our illusions? And what do we ask of others but that we be allowed to keep them?”
― W Somerset Maugham

“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Women's liberation is one thing, but the permeation of anti-male sentiment in post-modern popular culture - from our mocking sitcom plots to degrading commercial story lines - stands testament to the ignorance of society. Fair or not, as the lead gender that never requested such a role, the historical male reputation is quite balanced.

For all of their perceived wrongs, over centuries they've moved entire civilizations forward, nurtured the human quest for discovery and industry, and led humankind from inconvenient darkness to convenient modernity. Navigating the chessboard that is human existence is quite a feat, yet one rarely acknowledged in modern academia or media. And yet for those monumental achievements, I love and admire the balanced creation that is man for all his strengths and weaknesses, his gifts and his curses. I would venture to say that most wise women do.”
― Tiffany Madison

“The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing.”
― Isaiah Berlin

“People love answers, but only as long as they are the ones who came up with them.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“All those years I thought that it was power that brought responsibility. It's not. I was wrong.

It's responsibility that brings power. It's knowing what needs to be done that brings strength. And courage.”
― Peter Parker

“Those who try to juggle wisdom, power and greed, drop one of the balls, every time.”
—Zarost”
― Greg Hamerton, The Riddler's Gift

“Para ser grande, sê inteiro: nada
Teu exagera ou exclui.
Sê todo em cada coisa. Põe quanto és
No mínimo que fazes.
Assim em cada coisa a Lua toda
Brilha, porque alta vive.”
― Ricardo Reis

“it's a rare day when she speaks in anything but platitudes--all those exhausted phrases and hand-me-down ideas that cram the dump sites of contemporary wisdom”
― Paul Auster, The Brooklyn Follies

“The most important thing in life is to dare. The most complicated thing in life is to be afraid. The smartest thing in the world is to try to be a moral person.”
― Shimon Peres

“For this is Wisdom; to love, to live
To take what fate, or the Gods may give.
To ask no question, to make no prayer,
To kiss the lips and caress the hair,
Speed passion's ebb as you greet its flow
To have, -to hold -and -in time, -let go!”
― Laurence Hope

“We only know a tiny proportion about the complexity of the natural world. Wherever you look, there are still things we don’t know about and don’t understand. [...] There are always new things to find out if you go looking for them.”
― David Attenborough

“As we grow detached from things, we come (with God's help) to master our desires, and we give the mastery over to God. Discipline and divine grace heal the intellect and the will of the effects of concupiscence. We can begin to see things clearly.”
― Scott Hahn, Lord, Have Mercy: The Healing Power of Confession

“Hardest of all, as one becomes older, is to accept that sapient remarks can be drawn from the most unwelcome or seemingly improbable sources, and that the apparently more trustworthy sources can lead one astray.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“In suffocating the voice of conscience, passion carries with itself a restlessness of the body and the senses: it is the restlessness of the "external man." When the internal man has been reduced to silence, then passion, once it has been given freedom of action, so to speak, exhibits itself as an insistent tendency to satisfy the senses and the body.”
― Pope John Paul II, Blessed Are the Pure of Heart: Catechesis on the Sermon on the Mount and Writings of St. Paul

“Our moments of inspiration are not lost though we have no particular poem to show for them; for those experiences have left an indelible impression, and we are ever and anon reminded of them. ”
― Henry David Thoreau

“Cheapen words and they'll cheapen you”
― Benny Bellamacina

“Silence is the universal refuge, the sequel to all dull discourses and all foolish acts, a balm to our every chagrin, as welcome after satiety as after disappointment; that background which the painter may not daub, be he master or bungler, and which, however awkward a figure we may have made in the foreground, remains ever our inviolable asylum, where no indignity can assail, no personality can disturb us.”
― Henry David Thoreau

“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Childbirth is normal until proven otherwise.”
― Peggy Vincent, Baby Catcher: Chronicles of a Modern Midwife

“A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.”
― Debasish Mridha

“...the holy men sat in an atmosphere
reeking of antiquity, so thick with the
dust of ages that you can't see through it
--nor can they.”
― Gertrude Bell

“Thinking is man’s only basic virtue, from which all the others proceed. And his basic vice, the source of all his evils, is that nameless act which all of you practice, but struggle never to admit: the act of blanking out, the willful suspension of one’s consciousness, the refusal to think - not blindness, but the refusal to see; not ignorance, but the refusal to know. It is the act of unfocusing your mind and inducing an inner fog to escape the responsibility of judgment - on the unstated premise that a thing will not exist if only you refuse to identify it, that A will not be A so long as you do not pronounce the verdict ‘It is.”
― Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged

“Independence is the recognition of the fact that yours is the responsibility of judgment and nothing can help you escape it—that no substitute can do your thinking—that the vilest form of self-abasement and self-destruction is the subordination of your mind to the mind of another, the acceptance of an authority over your brain, the acceptance of his assertions as facts, his say-so as truth, his edicts as middle-man between your consciousness and your existence.”
― Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged

“Like LaVey, I had a also discovered what happens when you say something powerful that makes people think. They become afraid of you, and they neutralize your message by giving you a label that is not open to interpretation-- as a fascist, a devil worshipper or an advocate of rape and violence.”
― Marilyn Manson, The Long Hard Road Out of Hell

“And someone, somewhere, was having an even worse time of it than me. I tried to keep that in mind. No matter how crappy your life, someone will probably beat you in the my-life-is-crap category. Not that I don't let myself whine a little now and then, but sometimes it's good to keep your misery in perspective”
― Lish McBride, Necromancing the Stone

“He'll have that scar forever."

"Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?"

"Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground.”
― J. K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone

“Truth is not for sale. The man who sells truths that could help and guide humanity will never have peace of mind. Share truths freely, and you will always be revealed more.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Ideas are the source of all things”
― Plato

“Friendship, as has been said, consists in a full commitment of the will to another person with a view to that person's good.”
― Pope John Paul II, Love and Responsibility

“They are angry with me, because I know what I am." Said the little eagle. "How do you know that they are angry with you?" "Because, they despise me for wanting to soar, they only want me to peck at the dirt, looking for ants, with them. But I can't do that. I don't have chicken feet, I have eagle wings." "And what is so wrong with having eagle wings and no chicken feet?" Asked the old owl. "I'm not sure, that's what I'm trying to find out." "They hate you because you know that you are an eagle and they want you to think you are a chicken so that you will peck at the ground looking for ants and worms, so that you will never know that you are an eagle and always think yourself a chicken. Let them hate you, they will always be chickens, and you will always be an eagle. You must fly. You must soar." Said the old owl.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Oh, come with old Khayyàm, and leave the Wise
To talk; one thing is certain, that Life flies;
One thing is certain, and the Rest is Lies;
The Flower that once has blown forever dies.”
― Omar Khayyam

“We must not only obtain Wisdom: we must enjoy her.”
― Marcus Tullius Cicero, Selected Works

“But neither infinite power nor infinite wisdom could bestow godhood upon men. For that there would have to be infinite love as well.”
― Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz

“Heavenly bodies are nests of invisible birds.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Creator

“Histories make men wise; poets, witty; the mathematics, subtle; natural philosophy, deep; moral, grave; logic and rhetoric, able to contend.”
― Francis Bacon, The Collected Works of Sir Francis Bacon

“She wished she could visit Mariam's grave, to sit with her awhile, leave a flower or two. But she sees now that it doesn't matter. Mariam is never very far.... Mariam is in her own heart, where she shines with the bursting radiance of a thousand suns.”
― Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns

“There are two goddesses in your heard. The Goddess of Wisdom and the Goddess of Wealth. Everyone thinks they need to get wealth first, and wisdom will come. So they concern themselves with chasing money. But they have it backwards. You have to give your heart to the Goddess of Wisdom, giver her all your love and attention, and the Goddess of Wealth will become jealous, and follow you.”
― Joe Vigil

“Cheap booze is a false economy.”
― Christopher Hitchens, Hitch 22: A Memoir

“The Shaod, it was called. The Transformation... When it came, the fortuante person's life ended and began anew; he would discard his old, mundane existence and move to Elantris. Elantris, where he could live in bliss, rule in wisdom, and be worshiped for eternity.
Eternity ended ten years ago.”
― Brandon Sanderson, Elantris

“To come to nothing through something is the way to outside from both sides.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sign and Its Children

“Tak ada brahmana angkuh. Mereka hanya lebih mengerti, lebih tahu daripada orang yang menganggap pengetahuan dan ilmu sebagai keangkuhan.”
― Pramoedya Ananta Toer, Arok Dedes

“Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how to do it, and Virtue is doing it.”
― David Starr Jordan

“It's the truth, even if it didn't happen...

...if they don't exist, how can a man see them?”
― Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest

“We all have scars, Mia; they are supposed to make you stronger, not paralyze you.” ~Cole”
― Tina Carreiro, Power of the Moon

“The Christian religion asks us to put our trust not in ideas, and certainly not in ideologies, but in a God Who was vulnerable enough to become human and die, and Who desires to be present to us in our ordinary circumstances.”
― Kathleen Norris

“If love goes too far, it turns into cruelty.”
― Haruo Shirane, Early Modern Japanese Literature: An Anthology, 1600-1900

“Words of Wisdom (wow): Be Still. Let Go.Flow.Breathe.Believe.Allow.Grow.Align.Be the Light.Be Awake.Be Aware.Anticipate.Participate.Embrace Change.Take that...Chance.Love.You Are Loved.Rise to the Occasion.Fuel your Motivation & make the world become a better place ☯”
― Pablo

“The one thing I do remember is that as I retraced my steps through all the familiar streets of my life, Inow felt completely lost.”
― Carolyn Mackler, Vegan, Virgin, Valentine

“We judge others by their actions and ourselves by our intentions. We need to offer grace to all, because we all need a little grace.”
― Jayce O'Neal

“A house divided cannot stand.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“إن اللغة ناقل غير كفء، وإن الناس حين يسمعون كلامًا يفهمونه في ضوء ما لديهم من خلفيات معرفية، بل إن كثيرًا منهم يقرؤون تلك الخلفيات ويبلورونها عوضًا عن الاشتغال بفهم ما سمعوه.”
― عبد الكريم بكار-المناعة الفكرية

“Life after love was possible. I was proof. Loss taught you about yourself, burrowed in the dark parts of your soul and ate you from the inside out.”
― Hailey Edwards

“Life changes us. To wish otherwise is pointless.”
― Nalini Singh, Angels Of Darkness

“That is how we become wise, by living each day attending to the lessons God puts in our path.”
― Emma Campion, The King's Mistress

“A smiling lie is a whirlwind, easy to enter, but hard to escape.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“The maid told him that a girl and a child had come looking for him, but since she didn't know them, she hadn't cared to ask them in, and had told them to go on to Mers.
"Why didn't you let them in?" asked Germain angrily. "People must be very suspicious in this part of the world, if they won't open the front door to a neighbor."
"Well, naturally!" replied the maid. "In a house as rich as this, you have to keep a close watch on things. While the master's away I'm responsible for everything, and I can't just open the door to anyone at all."
"That's a mean way to live," said Germain; "I'd rather be poor than live in fear like that. Good-bye to you, miss, and good-bye to this horrible country of yours!”
― George Sand, La mare au diable

“She wondered when her daughter would realise that for the most part, people weren't that different. Young and old, male or female, pretty much everyone she knew wanted the same things: The wanted to feel peace in their hearts, they wanted a life without turmoil, they wanted to be happy. The difference, she thought, was that most young people seemed to think that those things lay somewhere in the future. While most older people believed that they lay in the past.”
― Laura Moriarty, The Rest of Her Life

“Wonder is the beginning of wisdom in learning from books as well as from nature.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Bestselling Guide to Reading Books and Accessing Information

“The intelligent have plans; the wise have principles.”
― Raheel Farooq

“If lightning is the anger of the gods, then the gods are concerned mostly about trees.”
― Lao Tzu

“All worries are less with wine.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“I have learned that the point of life's walk is not where or how far I move my feet but how I am moved in my heart.”
― Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World

“Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.”
― Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish

“Spend your leisure time in cultivating an ear attentive to discourse, for in this way you will find that you learn with ease what others have found out with difficulty.”
― Isocrates

“A great benefit of Sabbath keeping is that we learn to let God take care of us — not by becoming passive and lazy, but in the freedom of giving up our feeble attempts to be God in our own lives.”
― Marva J. Dawn, Keeping the Sabbath Wholly: Ceasing, Resting, Embracing, Feasting

“Color is the overpowering of black; white – the final victory over black.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Creator

“How many of us are swept away by what I have come to call an 'active laziness'?
It consists of cramming our lives with compulsive activity, so that there is no time at all to confront the real issues.”
― Soygal Rinpoche

“Any man filled with empathy is capable of gaining valuable insights on the human condition through the suffering of others. You do not need to suffer to know suffering, but you need empathy first to identify and feel the suffering of others around you.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The slave is not afflicted with a punishment greater than the hardening of the heart and being distant from Allah. For the Fire was created to melt the hardened heart. The most distant heart from Allah is the heart which is hardened. If the heart becomes hardened, the eye becomes dry.”
― Ibn Al-Qayyim

“Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“FOCUS = Follow On Course Until Successful.”
― Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha

“Wisdom comes alone through suffering.”
― Aeschylus

“He knows he will be born again,
And start fresh anew.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987

“Soft feathers cannot make a cruel bird kind”
― Munia Khan

“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.”
― Roy Bennett

“The difference between darkness and brightness is how you thrive on those moments and how you use such circumstances with goodwill in your spirit.”
― Angelica Hopes

“life reveals that which we may never have guessed, that some people are so undeserving of us.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“I will not join the rat race because I'm not a rat. And I will not blindly follow a specific faith because I'm not a bat. The only race I'll take part in is for humans being humane. It's called the human race, and sadly it's got the least participants.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Humans will never be in charge of this world, as long as dust and weeds do as they please.”
― Nancy B. Brewer

“Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.”
― Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush

“Gate C22

At gate C22 in the Portland airport
a man in a broad-band leather hat kissed
a woman arriving from Orange County.
They kissed and kissed and kissed. Long after
the other passengers clicked the handles of their carry-ons
and wheeled briskly toward short-term parking,
the couple stood there, arms wrapped around each other
like he’d just staggered off the boat at Ellis Island,
like she’d been released at last from ICU, snapped
out of a coma, survived bone cancer, made it down
from Annapurna in only the clothes she was wearing.

Neither of them was young. His beard was gray.
She carried a few extra pounds you could imagine
her saying she had to lose. But they kissed lavish
kisses like the ocean in the early morning,
the way it gathers and swells, sucking
each rock under, swallowing it
again and again. We were all watching–
passengers waiting for the delayed flight
to San Jose, the stewardesses, the pilots,
the aproned woman icing Cinnabons, the man selling
sunglasses. We couldn’t look away. We could
taste the kisses crushed in our mouths.

But the best part was his face. When he drew back
and looked at her, his smile soft with wonder, almost
as though he were a mother still open from giving birth,
as your mother must have looked at you, no matter
what happened after–if she beat you or left you or
you’re lonely now–you once lay there, the vernix
not yet wiped off, and someone gazed at you
as if you were the first sunrise seen from the Earth.
The whole wing of the airport hushed,
all of us trying to slip into that woman’s middle-aged body,
her plaid Bermuda shorts, sleeveless blouse, glasses,
little gold hoop earrings, tilting our heads up. ”
― Ellen Bass, The Human Line

“And don’t forget: Elvendork! It’s unisex!”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter: The Prequel

“Losers sulk; posers talk; winners walk - choose wisely.”
― Orrin Woodward

“No people who are ignorant can be truly free.”
― Thomas Jefferson

“I have said: "Blow out the lamp! Day is here!" And you keep saying: "Give me a lamp so I can find the day.”
― Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah

“Do you want me to tell you what I give a shit about at age sixty-five', Cullen said, 'and what I don't give a shit about?'

(page 262)”
― Elmore Leonard, Bandits

“For the newborn and wise, everything begins small.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“you can measure the size of a person by what makes him or her angry”
― Dale Carnegie

“he who is greedy is always in want”
― Horace

“we have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood”
― William James

“لقد أضاء الصبح لذى عينين”
― امام علی بن ابی طالب / Imam Ali ibn Abi Talib, نهج البلاغه

“Confidence that one's impressions are God-given is no guarantee that this is really so, even when they persist and grow stronger through long seasons of prayer. Bible-based wisdom must judge them.”
― J.I. Packer

“Wisdom cannot be stolen - it can only be shared.”
― Jefferson Smith, Strange Places

“For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and Passion, unattended,
is a flame that burns to its own destruction.”
― Khalil Gibran, The Prophet

“Everything that looks too perfect is too perfect to be perfect.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Those who possess wisdom cannot just ladle it out to every wantwit and jackanapes who comes along and asks for it. A person must be prepared to receive wisdom, or else it will do him more harm than good. Moreover, a lout thrashing about in the clear waters of wisdom will dirty those waters for everyone else.”
― Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume

“Who knoweth if to die be but to live, and that called life by mortals be but death?”
― Euripides

“Let discernment be your trustee, and mistakes your teacher.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“If Peter Pan had been real, he would've gone mad and killed everyone in Neverland.”
― Amanda Hocking, Wisdom

“It's impossible to walk through solid rock... You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.”
― J.M. Dattilo

“But I give you my word, in the entire book there is nothing that cannot be said aloud in mixed company. And there is, also, nothing that makes you a bit the wiser. I wonder--oh, what will you think of me--if those two statements do not verge upon the synonymous.”
― Dorothy Parker, Constant Reader

“Wisdom does not make me full. It fills me with hunger.”
― Noah Benshea, Jacob the Baker: Gentle Wisdom For a Complicated World

“Constitutional democracy, you see, is no romantic notion. It's our defense against ourselves, the one foe who might defeat us.”
― Bill Moyers

“Since living is believing, no one can be completely lacking in faith.”
― Kentetsu Takamori, Unlocking Tannisho: Shinran's Words on the Pure Land Path

“The life we’re given is on a thread, so wear it well.”
― Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme

“You always know the truth, because when you cut yourself or someone else with it, there’s always a bloody show.”
― Stephen King

“Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end.”
― Kris Kristofferson

“Fear is a state of nervousness only fit for children”
― The RZA

“A WORD TO THE WISE

Let the world pass in its time-ridden race;
never get caught in its snare.
Remember, the only acceptable case
for being in any particular place
is having no business there.”
― Piet Hein, Grooks 1

“What the spiritual journey is all about is uniting our will with God's will, wanting what He wants, loving what He loves, living a life that in all its aspects honors Him and gives Him glory.”
― Ralph Martin, The Fulfillment of All Desire: A Guidebook for the Journey to God Based on the Wisdom of the Saints

“Wisdom mitigates the risk of being honest.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“He had an answer to almost everything and he retired at an early age.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Without living, how can you know? Without knowing, how can you speak?”
― J.E. Seanachaí

“Oh dear Sunday, I am so happy that I want your entire wisdom at my dinner table.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“You have to be ill if you want to get better.”
― Colin Firth, Speaking With the Angel

“Not what happens to you
But how you accept it
Is of paramount importance.”
― Sri Chinmoy, Sri Chinmoy's Heart Garden: A Book of Aphorisms for Joy and Inspiration

“Darling, has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words? Wait and hope.”
― Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“I said, but I have to go, there are so many places calling my name.”
― Nikki Rowe

“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
― Dr Roopleen

“There are genuine mysteries in the world that mark the limits of human knowing and thinking. Wisdom is fortified, not destroyed, by understanding its limitations. Ignorance does not make a fool as surely as self-deception.”
― Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Bestselling Guide to Reading Books and Accessing Information

“God judges men from the inside out; men judge men from the outside in. Perhaps to God, an extreme mental patient is doing quite well in going a month without murder, for he fought his chemical imbalance and succeeded; oppositely, perhaps the healthy, able and stable man who has never murdered in his life yet went a lifetime consciously, willingly never loving anyone but himself may then be subject to harsher judgment than the extreme mental patient. It might be so that God will stand for the weak and question the strong.”
― Criss Jami, Healology

“...some nights I'd sneak out and listen to the radio in my Dad's old Chevy - children need solitude - they don't teach that in school...”
― John Geddes, A Familiar Rain

“Once is never. Twice is always.”
― James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn

“No one is defined by a single act," Frederic said. "Whether it was years ago or weeks ago. We're all given chances to change, to make up for things we've done wrong. It's how we handle those opportunities that really matters.”
― Christopher Healy, The Hero's Guide to Storming the Castle

“When it came to adults, it was better not to talk. They had a way of hearing one thing and processing it as something else. No reason to give them an excuse to hurt you.”
― Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds

“Knowledge without application is simply knowledge. Applying the knowledge to one’s life is wisdom — and that is the ultimate virtue”
― Kasi Kaye Iliopoulos, Living in Light, Love & Truth: You Can Positively Change Your Life by Living in Light, Love, & Truth-Awareness + Reflection + Learning + Application

“Time is the wisest of all things that are; for it brings everything to light.”
― Thales

“Wisdom with an inheritance is good, but wisdom without an inheritance is better than an inheritance without wisdom.”
― Anne Bradstreet

“Do not feel sad for your tears as rocks never regret the waterfalls”
― Munia Khan

“Once you reject fear, you will become the perfect candidate to receive and reflect Truth.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.”
― Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish

“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.”
― Roy Bennett

“In the hearts of men lies both good and evil. The two coexist. Some men become good, and others become evil. It is the way of this world.
-Kikyo”
― Rumiko Takahashi

“Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of man.”
― Confucius

“For years I've been searching for a homeland, finally I found it in you..”
― Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa

“We make Idols of our concepts, but Wisdom is born of wonder”
― St. Gregory the Great

“Fighting in the name of freedom has too high a price," Merlin sighed as he leaned into his mother's arms.”
― Dee Marie, Sons of Avalon: Merlin's Prophecy

“Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.”
― Happy Positivity

“A library implies an act of faith which generations, still in darkness hid, sign in their night in witness of the dawn."

À qui la faute? (1872)”
― Victor Hugo

“People can have the best of intentions when they tell their loved ones how they should be living their lives. But often times, when we are in struggle, we are seeking to be supported, not solved.”
― Jaeda DeWalt

“The life and passion of a person leave an imprint on the ether of a place. Love does not remain within the heart, it flows out to build secret tabernacles in a landscape.”
― John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom

“If you allow coldness to engulf you before winter, season is helpless to help you.”
― Munia Khan

“But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but i laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“For self-educated scientists and thinkers such as Charles Darwin, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Leonardo-da-Vinci, Michael Faraday, myself and many others, education is a relentless voyage of discovery. To us education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree

“Disappointment has quite a penchant for taking one by surprise.”
― Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy

“Logic is the art of non-contradictory identification. A contradiction cannot exist. No concept man forms is valid unless he integrates it without contradiction into the total sum of his knowledge. To arrive at a contradiction is to confess an error in one’s thinking; to maintain a contradiction is to abdicate one’s mind and to evict oneself from the realm of reality”
― Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged

“I expect to pass through this world but once. Any good things, therefore, that I can do, any good kindness that I can show a fellow being, let me do it now. Let me not defer or neglect it, for I shall not pass this way again”
― Stephen Grellet

“Because you’re a creation of God, you reflect the Divine qualities of creativity, wisdom, and love.”
― Doreen Virtue

“in times like the present, men should utter nothing for which they would not willingly be responsible through time and eternity.”
― Abraham Lincoln

“Let me say no more. Words do no justice to the hidden meaning. Everything immediately becomes slightly different when it is expressed in words, a little bit distorted, a little foolish...It is perfectly fine with me that what for one man is precious wisdom for another sounds like foolery.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“Never forget that you are not in the world; the world is in you. When anything happens to you, take the experience inward. Creation is set up to bring you constant hints and clues about your role as co-creator. Your soul is metabolizing experience as surely as your body is metabolizing food”
― Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life

“Man masters nature not by force, but by understanding”
― Jacob Bronowski

“When I Was One-And-Twenty

When I was one-and-twenty
I heard a wise man say,
`Give crowns and pounds and guineas
But not your heart away;
Give pearls away and rubies
But keep your fancy free.'
But I was one-and-twenty
No use to talk to me.

When I was one-and-twenty
I heard him say again,
`The heart out of the bosom
Was never given in vain;
'Tis paid with sighs a plenty
And sold for endless rue.'
And I am two-and-twenty
And oh, 'tis true, 'tis true.”
― A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad

“Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have”
― Joyce Meyer

“The most talented people are always the nicest.”
― James Caan

“Wise men speak only of what they know”
― J.R.R. Tolkien

“When two partners always agree, one of them is not necessary." If there is some point you haven't thought about, be thankful if it is brought to your attention.”
― Dale Carnegie

“So do flux and reflux--the rhythm of change--alternate and persist in everything under the sky.”
― Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles

“Leave no stone unturned.”
― Euripides

“I tended to hate people that hit me in the head without warning.”
― Amanda Hocking, Wisdom

“We gaze up at the same stars, the sky covers us all, the same universe encompasses us. What does it matter what practical system we adopt in our search for the truth? Not by one avenue only can we arrive at so tremendous a secret.”
― Symmachus

“What people want, mainly, is to be told by some plausible authority that what they are already doing is right. I don't know know of a quicker way to become unpopular than to disagree.”
― John Brunner, The Jagged Orbit

“Don't be cool. Like everything.”
― Shaky Kane

“Some people today are wandering generalities instead of meaningful specifics because they have failed to discover and mine the wealth of potentials in them.”
― Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha

“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.”
― Ingrid Bergman

“Many people falsely believe that if you want to be holy, you are not allowed to enjoy life...Holiness brings us to life. It refines every human ability. Holiness doesn't dampen our emotions; it elevates them. Those who respond to God's call to holiness are the most joyful people in history. They have a richer, more abundant experience of life, and they love more deeply than most people can every imagine. They enjoy life, all of life.”
― Matthew Kelly, Rediscover Catholicism

“We don’t know anything about silent sages, buried knowledge, the eye of the mute poet, serene seers, yet how many talkative destroyers, prophets and ideologues, teachers and beautifiers there are on the other side.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape

“Always give your resume of good deeds when you run into someone that you wronged many years ago. They simply need to know today's version of you, before they judge you on yesterday's news.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Don't duck the most difficult problems. That just ensures that the hardest part will be left when you are most tired. Get the big one done - it's downhill from then on.”
― Norman Vincent Peale

“Clear nights are sometimes the coldest.”
― Luanne Rice, Firefly Beach

“Read the dictionary from A to Izzard today.
Get a vocabulary. Brush up on your diction.
See whether wisdom is just a lot of language.”
― Carl Sandburg, Honey and Salt

“We the people have no excuse for starry-eyed sycophantic group-think in the Information Age. Knowledge is but a fingertip away.”
― Tiffany Madison

“Respect yourself and others will come to respect you. That is true about all of us, but especially true about women. That is the meaning of honour.”
― Abdulrazak Gurnah, Paradise

“It's other people who make us wise, and I haven't known nearly enough.”
― Mary E. Pearson, The Fox Inheritance

“A person of little knowledge
Grows old as a plough-ox grows old.
His fleshes increases;
His wisdom does not increase.”
― Anonymous, The Dhammapada

“You do not own the molecules. They are stardust. They belong to God. What you do own is your soul. Nobody can take that away from you.”
― Hugh MacLeod, Evil Plans: Having Fun on the Road to World Domination

“To jump over centuries
In one step is impossible.
Jump too high or far,
You’ll be way too late.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987

“Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.”
― George Sheehan

“My mother always wanted to live near the water," she said. "She said it's the one thing that brings us all together. That I can have my toe in the ocean off the coast of Maine, and a girl my age can have her toe in the ocean off the coast of Africa, and we would be touching. On opposite sides of the world.”
― Megan Miranda, Vengeance

“Stupidity and wisdom meet in the same centre of sentiment and resolution, in the suffering of human accidents.”
― Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays

“Be generous with your smile and try not to frown.
And you will see my children; your smile will never let you down ☺”
― Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme

“When mind exists undisturbed in the Way, nothing in the world can offend, and when a thing can no longer offend it ceases to exist in the old way. When no discriminating thoughts arise, the old mind ceases to exist.”
― Sengstan, Hsin Hsin Ming

“Why should you want to give up a child's wise not-understanding in exchange for defensiveness and scorn, since not-understanding is, after all, a way of being alone, whereas defensiveness and scorn are a participation in precisely what, by these means, you want to separate yourself from.”
― Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet

“Tis easier to suppress the first desire than to satisfy all that follow it.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“No mortal man has ever served at the same time his passions and his best interests.”
― Sallust

“Bravery is the choice to show up and listen to another person, be it a loved one or perceived foe, even when it is uncomfortable, painful, or the last thing you want to do.”
― Alaric Hutchinson

“The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.”
― Edward M. Kennedy

“Self-education is lifelong curiosity.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Theres a remarkable amount of strength residing in those who move forward without being able to physically move. Ones that carry the weight of illness or a disability, they battle wars most know nothing about. They are the true warriors of the world, the ones who have every reason to quit but never do.”
― Nikki Rowe

“You are going to find that buying the car is much less satisfying than working for it.”
― Thomas M. Sterner, The Practicing Mind: Bringing Discipline and Focus into Your Life

“Books! tis a dull and endless strife:
Come, hear the woodland linnet,
How sweet his music! on my life,
There's more of wisdom in it.”
― William Wordsworth, Wordsworth: Poems

“People as a rule do mean much more than they understand.”
― Glenway Wescott, The Pilgrim Hawk

“It is better to listen to a crow that lives in trees than to a learned man who lives only in ideas.”
― Kate Horsley

“Whoever wants the "I" to yield up its mysterious and tremendous secret must stop it from looking perpetually in the mirror, must stop the little ego's fascination with its own image.”
― Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton

“When I stopped to take a breath, I noticed I had wings.”
― Jodi Livon

“I almost think there is no wisdom comparable to that of exchanging what is called the realities of life for dreams”
― Hugh Walpole

“ When you love you give meaning to this world. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“The universe contains many planets which make it what it is – a unified system. In addition, our bodies contain many organs, and each part is congruent to a planet in our solar system. The universe we see out our eyes is a mirror of what is within us. This is what God meant by making man in his image. We are all made as a reflection of God and that reflection of him is within us. Furthermore, not only are all religions connected to the same Truth, or Cosmic Heart, but this concept is also mirrored in the pantheons of ancient religions, where each of the many gods simply represented one set of characteristics of the ONE. And in all cases, these many gods symbolized the planets, therefore mimicking the different parts of the universe and the ONE God’s many mirrors (He Who is All). The structure behind all polytheistic religions of the past and present is one and the same. They are all built on the same foundation as Nature.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Those who
disrespect you
with their mouth
don't deserve
your ear.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Duty has a trick of behaving unexpectedly -- something like a heavy friend whom we have amiably asked to visit us, and who breaks his leg within our gates.”
― George Eliot

“No plaque reminds the passer-by of these glories, although there should be one; for those who invent biscuits bring great pleasure to many.”
― Alexander McCall Smith, The World According to Bertie

“Material wealth can be bad for your health.
Because when you’re in the soil it’ll make your blood boil,
that you couldn’t keep it all for your self.”
― Benny Bellamacina

“Marriage is not kick-boxing, it's salsa dancing.”
― Amit Kalantri

“War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“End of a matter is better than its beginning”
― Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version

“If you dwell in the darkness, you can see in the dark and look into the light.
But in choosing the darkness, you know you are destined to walk alone.”
― Colin Bateman, Mystery Man

“Fools, their wisdom weak,
are their own enemies
as they go through life,
doing evil
that bears
bitter fruit.”
― Dhammapada

“Meeting a stranger can be totally fleeting and meaningless, for example, unless you enter the individual’s world by finding out at least one thing that is meaningful to his or her life and exchange at lest one genuine feeling. Tuning in to others is a circular flow: you send yourself out toward people; you receive them as they respond to you.”
― Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life

“Quote words that affirm
all men and women are your
brothers and sisters.”
― Author-Poet Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams

“Don’t overact the story of your name. Overact the story of your work.”
― Karl Lagerfield

“The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Look no farther than your hand,
Make a choice and take a stand.”
― Shannon Hale, Princess Academy

“The only thing more dangerous than ignorance is the pretense of intelligent ignorance. The former is teachable; the latter is not.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“As long as you know who you are, and see what makes you happy, it doesn't matte how others see you”
― Wendy Mass, Every Soul a Star

“I came to set fire to the earth. And I am watchful that the fire grow.
May the fire of love grow in our hearts.
May the fire of transformation glow in our movements.
May the fire of purification burn away our sins.
May the fire of justice guide our steps.
May the fire of wisdom illuminate our paths.
May the fire that spreads over the Earth never be extinguished.”
― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

“Feet sandaled with dreams tread paths of vision leading to wisdom’s sharp peaks.”
― Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams

“When it comes to life and love, why do we believe our worst reviews?”
― Sarah Jessica Parker

“A moment’s beginning ends in a moment”
― Munia Khan

“Seek to learn constantly while you live; do not wait in the faith that old age by itself will bring wisdom.”
― Solon

“Happiness is attained, not through self-interest, but through unconditional fidelity in endless love of eternal light.”
― Aaron Cohen

“The whole world is beautiful, Belgarion' Eriond assured him in response to that unspoken thought. 'You just have to know how to look at it”
― David Eddings, King of the Murgos

“I am opposed to animal welfare campaigns for two reasons. First, if animal use cannot be morally justified, then we ought to be clear about that, and advocate for no use. Although rape and child molestation are ubiquitous, we do not have campaigns for “humane” rape or “humane” child molestation. We condemn it all. We should do the same with respect to animal exploitation.

Second, animal welfare reform does not provide significant protection for animal interests. Animals are chattel property; they are economic commodities. Given this status and the reality of markets, the level of protection provided by animal welfare will generally be limited to what promotes efficient exploitation. That is, we will protect animal interests to the extent that it provides an economic benefit.”
― GaryLFrancione

“Just be honest with yourself. That opens the door.”
― Vernon Howard

“The greatest Emotion is Love.
The greatest quality is seeking to serve others.
The greatest gift is your own Life.
The greatest pleasure is CHOCOLATE!
The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is that there's always something new to learn.
The greatest virtue is temperance.
The greatest meditation is a peaceful mind.
The greatest practice is to be Kind.
education.
The greatest challenge is to let go. The greatest wisdom is to be in the NOW”
― pablo

“Peace is not an easy prospect--it requires greater bravery than does conflict.”
― Ozzie Zehner, Green Illusions

“The night is still waiting.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987

“Dream by making and make by dreaming.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Raise a smile and lower stress”
― Benny Bellamacina

“I'm not trying to tell you," he said "that only educated men are able to contribute something valuable to the world. It's not so.
But I do say that educated and scholarly men, if they're brilliant and creative to begin with--which, unfortunately, is rarely the case--tend to leave infinitely more valuable records behind them than men do who are MEREly brilliant and creative.”
― J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

“We are all small-minded people, creeping about the earth grubbing for our own advantage and making the very mistakes for which we want to humiliate our neighbors.”
― Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand

“A vampire is branding girls, okay?" I ignored his refusal. "Something about that just feels wrong to me."
"I would hope so.”
― Amanda Hocking, Wisdom

“Life: It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. If based on perception, alone; whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“I have tried to teach you the wonders of the spiritual world...
...I have tried to show how we mortals can attain such wisdom...
...and I've decided you're a pillock.

[click on the thumbnail, art by Andrew Christine]”
― Roger Kettle, Beau Peep: Book Thirteen

“Everything that happens, happens at the only possible time it can happen, and it is always at exactly the right time. We cannot get to an appointment before we arrive—or after. It is only at the instant of our arrival that we can arrive, and that is always at exactly the right moment, the perfect moment, the only possible moment.”
― Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers, Volume Two

“It’s not easy to write a poem about a poem.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Experience is never at bargain price.”
― Alice B. Toklas, The Alice B. Toklas Cookbook

“It's only hard until it becomes easy.”
― David A. Smith

“Everybody is a story. When I was a child, people sat around kitchen tables and told their stories. We don't do that so much anymore. Sitting around the table telling stories is not just a way of passing time. It is the way the wisdom gets passed along. The stuff that helps us to live a life worth remembering.”
― Rachel Remen

“In every remote corner of the world there are people like Carl Jones and Don Merton who have devoted their lives to saving threatened species. Very often, their determination is all that stands between an endangered species and extinction.
But why do they bother? Does it really matter if the Yangtze river dolphin, or the kakapo, or the northern white rhino, or any other species live on only in scientists' notebooks?
Well, yes, it does. Every animal and plant is an integral part of its environment: even Komodo dragons have a major role to play in maintaining the ecological stability of their delicate island homes. If they disappear, so could many other species. And conservation is very much in tune with our survival. Animals and plants provide us with life-saving drugs and food, they pollinate crops and provide important ingredients or many industrial processes. Ironically, it is often not the big and beautiful creatures, but the ugly and less dramatic ones, that we need most.
Even so, the loss of a few species may seem irrelevant compared to major environmental problems such as global warming or the destruction of the ozone layer. But while nature has considerable resilience, there is a limit to how far that resilience can be stretched. No one knows how close to the limit we are getting. The darker it gets, the faster we're driving.
There is one last reason for caring, and I believe that no other is necessary. It is certainly the reason why so many people have devoted their lives to protecting the likes of rhinos, parakeets, kakapos, and dolphins. And it is simply this: the world would be a poorer, darker, lonelier place without them.”
― Mark Carwardine, Last Chance to See

“To my mind there is nothing so beautiful or so provocative as a secondhand book store...To me it is astonishing and miraculous to think that any one of us can poke among the stalls for something to read overnight--and that this something may be the sum of a lifetime of sweat, tears, and genius that some poor, struggling, blessed fellow expended trying to teach us the truth.”
― Lionel Barrymore

“Latter-day capitalism. Like it or not, it's the society we live in. Even the standard of right and wrong has been subdi-vided, made sophisticated. Within good, there's fashionable good and unfash-ionable good, and ditto for bad. Within fashionable good, there's formal and then there's casual; there's hip, there's cool, there's trendy, there's snobbish. Mix 'n' match. Like pulling on a Missoni sweater over Trussardi slacks and Pollini shoes, you can now enjoy hybrid styles of morality. It's the way of the world—philosophy starting to look more and more like business administration.
Although I didn't think so at the time, things were a lot simpler in 1969. All you had to do to express yourself was throw rocks at riot police. But with today's sophistication, who's in a position to throw rocks? Who's going to brave what tear gas? C'mon, that's the way it is. Everything is rigged, tied into that massive capital web, and beyond this web there's another web. Nobody's going anywhere. You throw a rock and it'll come right back at you.”
― Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance

“O dear Pan and all the other gods of this place, grant that I may be beautiful inside. Let all my external possessions be in friendly harmony with what is within. May I consider the wise man rich. As for gold, let me have as much as a moderate man could bear and carry with him.”
― Plato, Phaedrus

“I am not a ‘wise man,’ nor . . . shall I ever be. And so require not from me that I should be equal to the best, but that I should be better than the wicked. It is enough for me if every day I reduce the number of my vices, and blame my mistakes.”
― Lucius Annaeus Seneca

“Folly consists not in committing Folly, but in being incapable of concealing it. All men make mistakes, but the wise conceal the blunders they have made, while fools make them public. Reputation depends more on what is hidden than on what is seen. If you can’t be good, be careful.”
― Baltasar Gracian

“Be a craftsman in speech that thou mayest be strong, for the strength of one is the tongue, and speech is mightier than all fighting.”
― Ptahhotep

“Stories last longer: but only by becoming only stories.”
― John Crowley, Little, Big

“There is an electric fire in human nature tending to purify - so that among these human creatures there is continually some birth of heroism. The pity is that we must wonder at it, as we should at finding a pearl in the rubbish.”
― John Keats

“That which is impermanent attracts compassion. That which is not provides wisdom. (116)”
― Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last

“INTEREST. Here is the key to the whole thing. If and when you are truly interested in what you are doing, or are about to do, then you will center your attention on it with little or no effort, and almost irrespective of the attendant conditions.”
― Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control

“There are many things in the deep waters; and seas and lands may change. And it is not our part here to take thought only for a season, or for a few lives of Men, or for a passing age of the world. We should seek a final end of this menace, even if we do not hope to make one.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“They [Nazi captors]had more liberty, more options to choose from in their environment; but he [Viktor Frankl] had more freedom, more internal power to exercise his options.”
― Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change

“He felt a little lost, after that experience. Lost as the girls on their knees. It was a never-ending story of young girls losing themselves, such that they were no longer humans with any souls or characters, but pretty girls with fat asses and nice tits.”
― Jess C Scott, Take-Out, Part 1

“How could anyone love Him? What did you just tell me yourself about the world? Don't you see, everybody hates God now. It's not that God is dead in the twentieth century. It's that everybody hates Him! At least I think so.”
― Anne Rice, Memnoch the Devil

“I am quite a wise old bird, but I am no desert hermit who can only prophesy when his guts are knotted with hunger. I am deep in the old man’s puzzle, trying to link the wisdom of the body with the wisdom of the spirit until the two are one.”
― Robertson Davies

“Integrity is the lifeblood of democracy.
Deceit is a poison in its veins.”
― Edward M. Kennedy

“Do you have a leather jacket? One for a ten-year-old boy?" I asked the man selling leather jackets and gloves in Covent Garden, London. "Yes, I have one right here!" And the man dug out a fine leather jacket that looked styled and tailored for a young boy. "I'm buying this for my son" I said to him. "I love this jacket, it's perfect, I think I will just come back for it tomorrow, though! I'll be back tomorrow, okay?" And the man reached his arms above his head, and said with a big smile upon his face "You only have one life to live! What is the difference if you do something today, or if you do it tomorrow?" I thought about the man's words. And I bought the jacket. He was right, there is no difference, really, between doing something today and doing something tomorrow, when you only have one life to live! Afterall, tomorrow may never come! All you really have is today!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“You don't trade in the devil you know for the one you don't know.”
― Ann Rinaldi, Numbering All the Bones

“Going down in history is a dead end pursuit”
― Benny Bellamacina

“Compassion for others is a mark of wisdom.”
― Tadahiko Nagao

“Quand on parle des vices d’un homme, si on vous dit : “Tout le monde le dit” ne le croyez pas ; si l’on parle de ses vertus en vous disant encore : “Tout le monde le dit”, croyez-le.”
― Chateaubriand

“We have all grown wiser.”
― Ana Monnar

“Do not, under any circumstances, put this book down and turn on the teevee.

The teevee debilitates our culture. ”
― Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence

“In the endeavor to establish a difficult habit, for example, mere wishing will never carry it to a successful conclusion; our wishing must rise to the level of WANTING if this goal is to be achieved.”
― Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control

“I am in the world to change the world”
― Käthe Kollwitz

“You shouldn't imagine things that you haven't a shred of proof happened...”
― Susan Meissner

“A statement made from the heart has an aroma, it has lights, it has earth and
sun and moon. It is colorful and it grasps the attention of those around you,
like the sunset.”
― Beth Johnson

“Too much stress cannot be laid...upon the admonition that we seek so far as possible to live in the lives of other people. By sharing in the misfortunes of others, and rejoicing in their happiness, you add to your own emotional serenity and stability.”
― Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control

“MOM

Wholeheartedly,
She loved me-
And inspired me-
With transcending devotion.

It was a blessing-
To have been her son,
To have been loved-
Without conditions.

Her words of wisdom-
Opened my eyes-
To the world-
And to myself.

By seeing the best in me,
She empowered me.
By believing in me,
She transformed me.

She grew old-
And floated away,
But her love remains standing-
Eternally by my side.”
― Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love

“To be careless in making decisions is to naively believe that a single decision impacts nothing more than that single decision, for a single decision can spawn a thousand others that were entirely unnecessary or it can bring peace to a thousand places we never knew existed.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Life's Complex Journey

“Basically, being alive means keeping yourself ready for the sky to fall in on you at any time. If you start from the assumption that existence is only an ordeal, a test we have to pass, then you’re equipped to deal with its sorrows and its surprises. If you persist in expecting it to give you something it can’t give, that just proves that you haven’t understood anything. Take things as they come; don’t turn them into a drama. You’re not piloting the ship, you’re following the course of your destiny.”
― Yasmina Khadra, Swallows of Kabul

“The smaller the creature, the bolder its spirit.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“The more doors you open to the mysteries, or sacred knowledge, the smaller you feel. And because you begin to feel smaller and smaller until your ego disappears, the more humble you become. Therefore, any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek. Yet being small and meek do not make one weak. Arming oneself with true knowledge generates strong confidence and a bold spirit that makes you a lion of God. The Creator does not want you to suffer, yet we are being conditioned by society to accept suffering, weak and passive dispositions under the belief that such conditions are favorable by God. Weakness is not a virtue praised by God. How could he desire for you to be weak if he tells us to stand by our conscience? Doing so requires strength. However, there is a difference between arrogance when inflating your ego, and confidence when one truly gets closer to God. One feels large, while the other feels small. Why? Because a man of wisdom understands that he is just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms, and that in the end — we are all connected. And did you not know that the smaller a creature is, the bolder its spirit?”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Don’t cry and don’t rage. Understand.”
― Baruch Spinoza

“The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday”
― Munia Khan

“Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
― Amit Kalantri

“He who knows he is a fool is not the biggest fool; he who knows he is confused is not in the worst confusion. The man in the worst confusion will end his life without ever getting straightened out; the biggest fool will end his life without ever seeing the light. If three men are traveling along and one is confused, they will still get where they are going - because confusion is in the minority. But if two of them are confused, then they can walk until they are exhausted and never get anywhere - because confusion is in the majority.”
― Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu

“The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.”
― Debasish Mridha

“I am not the river I am the net.”
― Frank Herbert, Chapterhouse: Dune

“If you want to bring the world closer to peace, be a peacemaker by creating peace whenever you can. If you find yourself engaged in an argument that only stirs anger in the heart, quickly make peace and carry on.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
― Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder

“See with the eyes of love and a thing becomes beautiful. See with the eyes of hate and things are ugly.”
― Joy Cowley, Starbright and the Dream Eater

“Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“What a rich wisdom it would be, and how much more bountiful a harvest, to gain pleasure not from achieving personal perfection but from understanding the inevitability of imperfection and pardoning those who also fall short of it.”
― Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder

“The wise never doubt. The Humane never worry. The brave never fear.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“You attract poverty when you lack value for time”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Definitions from Mulla Do-Piaza
A fool:
A man trying to be honest with the dishonest.”
― Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams

“He said after a little while, 'I see why you say that only men do evil, I think. Even sharks are innocent, they kill because they must.'
'That is why nothing can resist us. Only one thing in the worl can resist an evil-hearted man. And that is another man. In our shame is our glory. Only our spirit, which is capable of evil, is capable of overcoming it.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore

“[Dialogue between Solon and an Egyptian Priest]
In the Egyptian Delta, at the head of which the river Nile divides, there is a certain district which is called the district of Sais [...] To this city came Solon, and was received there with great honour; he asked the priests who were most skilful in such matters, about antiquity, and made the discovery that neither he nor any other Hellene knew anything worth mentioning about the times of old. On one occasion, wishing to draw them on to speak of antiquity, he began to tell about the most ancient things in our part of the world-about Phoroneus, who is called "the first man," and about Niobe; and after the Deluge, of the survival of Deucalion and Pyrrha; and he traced the genealogy of their descendants, and reckoning up the dates, tried to compute how many years ago the events of which he was speaking happened. Thereupon one of the priests, who was of a very great age, said: O Solon, Solon, you Hellenes are never anything but children, and there is not an old man among you. Solon in return asked him what he meant. I mean to say, he replied, that in mind you are all young; there is no old opinion handed down among you by ancient tradition, nor any science which is hoary with age.”
― Plato, Timaeus/Critias

“While wisdom dictates the need for education, education does not necessarily make one wise.”
― Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future

“Sometimes life requires more of you than you have to give & demands you plunge into the reinvention of yourself if you truly wanna live.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Have faith that your child's brain is an evolving planet that rotates at its own speed. It will naturally be attracted to or repel certain subjects.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“I had to follow the ineradicable foolishness which furnishes the steps to true wisdom.”
― C.G. Jung

“Who strive not for objects unattainable, grieve not for what lost and gone be,
Who suffer not mind clouded amid mishap, have intellect with wisdom truly.
[26] - 33 Mahatma Vidur”
― Munindra Misra, Wisdom of Mahatma Vidur & Chanakya: in English Rhyme

“Many scientists have tried to make determinism and complementarity the basis of conclusions that seem to me weak and dangerous; for instance, they have used Heisenberg's uncertainty principle to bolster up human free will, though his principle, which applies exclusively to the behavior of electrons and is the direct result of microphysical measurement techniques, has nothing to do with human freedom of choice. It is far safer and wiser that the physicist remain on the solid ground of theoretical physics itself and eschew the shifting sands of philosophic extrapolations.”
― Louis de Broglie, Nouvelles perspectives en microphysique

“She was well aware that the heart
never breaks just once, it cracks open a million times across the span of a person’s life and as long as she kept living it would break again.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Lies a River Deep

“We know that for mankind to move forward, changes must be made. However, if an old man is wise only by his gray hair, yet it is inevitable that this wisdom will also become impaired by age, then it can be deduced that we cannot expect the very old or very young to make progressive strides to better society, it must be up to the men and women still in the prime of their lives to re-learn and teach the changes needed to be made.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Love between man and woman cannot be built without sacrifices and self-denial.”
― John Paul II, Love and Responsibility

“Stuff your brain with knowledge.”
― Karl Lagerfeld

“Love consists of a commitment which limits one's freedom - it is a giving of the self, and to give oneself means just that: to limit one's freedom on behalf of another.”
― John Paul II, Love and Responsibility

“You may die a hundred deaths without a break in the mental turmoil. Or, you may keep your body and die only in the mind. The death of the mind is the birth of wisdom.”
― Nisargadatta Maharaj, I Am That: Talks with Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj

“One of the greatest gifts from God is the eternal perspective. It is a level of fearlessness, a level of understanding where one can experience even emotional harmony with God.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“There is no greater power than the one others do not believe you possess.”
― Luis Marques, Book of Orion - Liber Aeternus

“All stories have a curious and even dangerous power. They are manifestations of truth -- yours and mine. And truth is all at once the most wonderful yet terrifying thing in the world, which makes it nearly impossible to handle. It is such a great responsibility that it's best not to tell a story at all unless you know you can do it right. You must be very careful, or without knowing it you can change the world.”
― Vera Nazarian, Dreams of the Compass Rose

“originality and a feeling of one's own dignity are achieved only through work and struggle.”
― Fyodor Dostoyevsky

“all appears to change when we change”
― Henri-Frédéric Amiel

“Marriage without struggle is like an unfired clay pot.
It is easily made, but it will not stand the test of time.”
― Allan Wolf, The Watch That Ends the Night

“There's a big difference on being wise and being crafty. The former is the attribute of God, and the latter is that of Satan.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson

“The only way you would have failed," she said, "is if you had.”
― Cassandra Clare, City of Bones

“You don't always need to know your destination when you set out on a journey.”
― Carole Wilkinson, Dragon Moon

“Physical strength doesn't mean a damn thing when you're all cut up and bleeding inside. ”
― Cameron Dane, Quick to the Hunt

“He that reads and grows no wiser seldom suspects his own deficiency, but complains of hard words and obscure sentences, and asks why books are written which cannot be understood.”
― Samuel Johnson, The Idler; Poems

“For a game, you don’t need a teacher.”
― Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun

“It is not really hard to do nothing. Many can. The hard part is doing nothing without feeling guilty about it.”
― Haim Shapira, Things That Matter

“Wisdom doesn't automatically come with old age.Nothing does --- except wrinkles.It's true,some wines improves with age.But only if the grapes were good in the first place”
― Abigail Van Buren

“I thought about the difference between a mama's girl and a daddy's girl. I decided that a daughter who belongs to her daddy expects gifts, while a daughter who belongs to her mama expects a lot more. Not from her mama. From herself.”
― Victoria Bond, Zora and Me

“We are no longer in the dispensation of age and experience. We are in the era of knowledge and information. Information leads a true leader and a true leader leads others.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“But perhaps there are in us forces other than mind and heart, other even than the senses - mysterious forces which take hold of us in the moments when the others are asleep; and perhaps it was such forces that Melchior had found in the depths of those pale eyes which had looked at him so timidly one evening when he had accosted the girl on the bank of the river, and had sat down beside her in the reeds - without knowing why - and had given her his hand.”
― Romain Rolland, Jean-Christophe - I

“It's not him who's disturbed. But he likes to disturb others--to shake them out of their rut.”
― Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World

“Those who do not think bout the future cannot have one.”
― Michael J. Kami

“Snobbery might sometimes look cool, like smoking, but the end result is usually a repelling one.”
― Trent Zelazny

“Never say no to now”
― Benny Bellamacina, Piddly poems for children vol:3

“Le passé et le présent sont deux statues incomplètes: l'une a été retirée toute mutilée du débris des âges, l'autre n'a pas encore reçu sa perfection de l'avenir.”
― François-René de Chateaubriand, René

“We're on a planet, relax!”
― Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children, v.2

“A wealth of experience and wisdom doesn't have to be a dead giveaway to your increasing years. The spin you put on it is what will keep you young. Don't let it make you bitter. Learn from it, and let it make you better.”
― Jayleigh Cape

“Some people would rather be right than free.”
― Vivian Amis

“Creativity thrives where its roots are crowded.”
― Ozzie Zehner, Green Illusions

“Sometimes I think that wisdoms slip from my mind like drool from the lips of an idiot...

Where's all this stuff coming from? Is it any good? Any good in, you know, the wisdom sense? Who am I to spout this stuff anyway?

Well, here's the thing. You too can find yourself shedding wisdom like cat hair if you only allow yourself the liberty of introspection.

Think about what you alone know that no one else does. That one neat wonderful profound insight. It is fully yours. No one else on this planet of about six billion people understands it like you do.

Now, see if you can share it with someone. Bestow it, a gift of yourself.

Wisdom is like gossip. Except it's the good kind.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“You are joy, looking for a way to express.
It's not just that your purpose is joy, it is that you are joy. You are love and joy and freedom and clarity expressing. Energy-frolicking and eager.
That's who you are.”
― Esther and Jerry Hicks

“When you feel life at crossroads,
you need higher perspective view.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“You need to trust
To surrender
To ask for guidance
Go within for the answers
They're within you
You have the answers
All you need do is ask”
― Karen Hackel, The Whisper of Your Soul

“Logic is immaturity weaving its nets of gossamer wherewith it aims to catch the behemoth of knowledge. Logic is a crutch for the cripple, but a burden for the swift of foot and a greater burden still for the wise.”
― Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The strange story of a monastery which was once called The Ark

“The true Indian sets no price upon either his property or his labor. His generosity is limited only by his strength and ability. He regards it as an honor to be selected for difficult or dangerous service and would think it shameful to ask for any reward, saying rather: "Let the person I serve express his thanks according to his own bringing up and his sense of honor. Each soul must meet the morning sun, the new sweet earth, and the Great Silence alone!. What is Silence? It is the Great Mystery! The Holy Silence is His voice!”
― Charles Alexander (Ohiyesa) Eastman, The Soul of the Indian

“Thirty-nine years of my life had passed before I understood that clouds were not my enemy; that they were beautiful, and that I needed them. I suppose this, for me, marked the beginning of wisdom. Life is short.”
― Iimani David

“My story is of such marvel that if it were written with a needle on the corner of an eye, it would yet serve as a lesson to those who seek wisdom.”
― Anonymous, The Arabian Nights

“We may think we live for wisdom, but in fact we're living for the the pleasure wisdom brings us.”
― Josef Škvorecký, The Engineer of Human Souls

“If you learn from many wise men who disagree one another,
you will find that there are many wisdoms came out of truth.
In the end, you must find truth and define your own wisdom.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Saying 'I could have done more,' Zin, is what marks a man as a man and not a God.”
― R. Scott Bakker, The Darkness That Comes Before

“Let your wisdom guide you
On your own personal journey
By listening to your heart
Your soul will be alight
And let you be
All that you are intended to be”
― Karen Hackel, The Whisper of Your Soul

“For a while the hobbits continued to talk and think of the past journey and of the perils that lay ahead; but such was the virtue of the land of Rivendell that soon all fear and anxiety was lifted from their minds. The future, good or ill, was not forgotten, but ceased to have any power over the present. Health and hope grew strong in them, and they were content with each good day as it came, taking pleasure in every meal, and in every word and song.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

“It is important never to separate love and knowledge, compassion and wisdom. A wisdom without compassion is closed upon itself and does not bear fruit. A compassion without wisdom is a madness and a cause of suffering.”
― Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity

“Poetry and art nourish the soul of the world with the flavor-filled substances of beauty, wisdom and truth.”
― Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry

“The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one, but that is the best of all.”
― Archilochus, Carmina Archilochi: The Fragments of Archilochos

“ان الناس لاتعرف ان كتابا واحدا كفيل بان يغير مجرى حياة الانسان.”
― Malcolm X

“Here’s a little mote of wisdom: Not everyone who claims to be an expert, is indeed an expert. Please note: I have never claimed to be an expert on anything except perhaps making the perfect omelet, and if you don’t like spicy, you’d probably argue with me on that one, too. In fact, anyone claiming to be an expert on anything, in my opinion, should immediately be viewed with suspicion, or be able to produce a PhD Diploma on the subject he or she is professing to be expert in.”
― Chris A. Jackson

“Smartass Disciple: Master, what did you do to earn wisdom ?
Master of Stupidity: Well, I forget. Shit happened, life goes on.”
― Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident], Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“Ego is recessive in wisdom.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Only wise men look for new wisdom.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Asa had a sharp understanding of the future--that is, a time when this would be past. Time was rushing through and around him, he almost heard it whistling, and this awareness rounded the world somehow and made it sweet.”
― Susanna Kaysen, Asa, as I Knew Him

“If you seem to be happy in this place of solitude, you will acquire a great reputation for wisdom, and I know, by my own experience, that under the cloak of a great reputation it is possible to hide whole treasures of folly. (“The Story of Princess Zulkais and the Prince Kalilah”)”
― William Beckford, The Episodes of Vathek

“I would much rather be considered wise than smart. But, I still think it is wise to get an education.”
― Destiny Booze

“Understand that nothing happens
unless it is God's will and
do what you like.
What can be simpler than that?”
― Ramesh S. Balsekar

“There's kind of wisdom that must
be firstly rejected before accepted.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“Don't kill me because I'm gay,
pray for me for it is God who created me.”
― Criss Tareyton, Unknown Book 7431667

“Don't be bashful; we're among gentlemen. It's a known fact that we men are the missing link between the pirate and the pig.”
― Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game

“Knowledge is a Bed of Roses; for Every Beautiful Flower, there are a Dozen Thorns to Match”
― Joshua Caleb

“If there is a wasp in the room, I’d like to be able to see it.”
― C. S. Lewis

“Hundreds of wise men cannot make the world a heaven, but one idiot is enough to turn it into a hell.”
― Raheel Farooq

“You can't
stop dreaming
just because
the night never
seems to
end.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“Ada orang-orang yang kemungkinan sebaiknya cukup menetap dalam hati kita saja, tapi tidak bisa tinggal dalam hidup kita. Maka, biarlah begitu adanya, biar menetap di hati, diterima dengan lapang. Toh dunia ini selalu ada misteri yang tidak bisa dijelaskan. Menerimanya dengan baik justru membawa kedamaian.”
― Tere Liye, Hujan

“There is a power in nature that man has ignored. And the result has been heartache and pain.”
― Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World

“Collaboration has no hierarchy. The Sun collaborates with soil to bring flowers on the earth.”
― Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step

“Every creature was designed to serve a purpose. Learn from animals for they are there to teach you the way of life. There is a wealth of knowledge that is openly accessible in nature. Our ancestors knew this and embraced the natural cures found in the bosoms of the earth. Their classroom was nature. They studied the lessons to be learned from animals. Much of human behavior can be explained by watching the wild beasts around us. They are constantly teaching us things about ourselves and the way of the universe, but most people are too blind to watch and listen.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Unfortunately, modern man has become so focused on harnessing nature's resources that he has forgotten how to learn from them. If you let them, however, the elements of nature will teach you as they have taught me.”
― Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World

“A King will have his way in his own hall, be it folly or wisdom.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien

“We are all born with genius. It's like our fairy godmother. But what happens in life is that we stop listening to our inner voices, and we no longer have access to this extraordinary ability to create poetry.”
― Milton Glaser

“Dzieje kultury wykazują, ze głupota jest siostrą bliźniaczą rozumu, ona rośnie najbujniej nie na glebie dziewiczej ignorancji , lecz na gruncie uprawnym siódmym potem doktorów i profesorów. Wielkie absurdy nie są wymyślane przez tych, których rozum krząta się wokół spraw codziennych. Nic dziwnego zatem, że właśnie najintensywniejsi myśliciele bywali producentami największego głupstwa. / The history of culture shows that foolishness is a twin sister of wisdom. It does not flourish on the fields of pure ignorance but on the fields tirelessly plowed by doctors and professors. Great absurdities do not flourish where one is busy with everyday life. No wonder that sometimes most vigorous thinkers come up with utmost stupidities. (Dziennik 1956, XIX, Thursday)”
― Witold Gombrowicz

“In a village where everyone has only one leg, the biped will hop about more lamely than anyone else, if he knows what is good for him.”
― Idries Shah, Knowing How to Know: A Practical Philosophy in the Sufi Tradition

“Any man who behaves arrogantly with what little he knows, or claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing. Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.”
― Suzy Kassem

“The ethos of redemption is realized in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.”
― Pope John Paul II

“Being under stress is like being stranded in a body of water. If you panic, it will cause you to flail around so that the water rushes into your lungs and creates further distress. Yet, by calmly collecting yourself and using controlled breathing you remain afloat with ease.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex-toy.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality

“Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Life is not a competition. No one has to lose for someone else to win. A true blessing blesses everyone.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“To love, to live, to feel so much that your world keeps spinning, faster and faster, in that wonderful, chaotic mess of humanity that you’d so hastily give up. Immortality is overrated. It is nothing but the ability to live through it all and not experience a single thing, to eat everything without tasting it at all." Isak’s eyes shone with a desperate need. He wanted, more than anything it seemed, to be like me, when all I wanted was to be like him.”
― Sophia Whittemore, The Funnyman

“Wisdom lies in voluntary finitude and a timely change of heart: until maturity, multiplying the inclusions, up to the limit of natural faculty and moral harmony; afterwards, gladly relinquishing zone after zone of vegetation, and letting the snow-peak of integrity rise to what height it may.”
― George Santayana, Realms of Being

“If you're going to hit a car, try to be sure that it's not a cop car”
― Judy Gold

“If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.”
― Mary Weber, Storm Siren

“Faith in God is optional, but faith in the self – in the spirit within, is imperative.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas

“We may talk lightly but never carelessly. We keep at bay the flow of common, ignorant thought which runs its damaging course through the pathways of ordinary human conversation.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“All our knowledge brings us nearer to our ignorance,
All our ignorance brings us nearer to death,
But nearness to death no nearer to God.
Where is the life we have lost in living?
Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?”
― T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land and Other Poems

“The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“L’arbre tombe feuille à feuille : si les hommes contemplaient chaque matin ce qu’ils ont perdu la veille, ils s’apercevraient bien de leur pauvreté.”
― Chateaubriand

“Women don't like to be told what to do. They like to be the ones telling us what to do. You want her to do something, you're gonna have to go about it a different way.”
― Cambria Hebert, #Hater

“Real greatness does not reside inside those who feel large. The truly wise are meek.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Gifts become curses when they’re not given their due respect.”
― Dannika Dark, Keystone

“True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Kindness and awareness work together. Through awareness we understand the underlying beauty of everything and every being.”
― Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power

“The only cure to all this madness; is too dream, far and wide, if possibility doesn't knock, create a damn door. If the shoe doesn't fit, don't make it. If the journey your travelling seems to far fetched and wild beyond your imagination; continue on it, great things come to the risk takers. And last but not least, live today; here, right now, you'll thank your future self for it later.”
― Nikki Rowe

“Being the light of the world is about being a broken, exploding, scarred star and shining a light of hope and inspiration to everyone around you.”
― Ricky Maye, Barefoot Christianity

“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“One day we will all wear a garment which has no pockets...”
― Idries Shah, The Commanding Self

“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
― Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen

“Perhaps my greatest wisdom is the knowledge that I do not know.”
― John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America

“Wisdom is when you understand what, previously, at best you only knew.”
― Idries Shah, Observations

“It is of the greatest important in this world that a man should know himself, and the measure of his own strength and means; and he who knows that he has not a genius for fighting must learn how to govern by the arts of peace.”
― Machiavelli, Niccolo

“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
― Amit Kalantri

“The way into the hall of success always passes through the chamber of decision. Decide to be a success; success is deliberate!”
― Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes

“Love is my inner strength and my power.”
― Debasish Mridha

“Free will is the cutting edge of Creation, don’t you see? The word spontaneity derives from the Latin sponte, meaning ‘of one’s free will.’ Spontaneity is the impulse, the purest expression of freedom, and the impulse wants to do whatever it wants to do. But you are afraid of what others think, others who are just as afraid of what you think, and so you pussyfoot along the perimeter of the free-will zone, wilting like a wallflower.”
― Tony Vigorito

“One who never anticipates deceit or expects duplicity, and yet is the first to recognize such things – is that not a sage indeed?”
― Confucius, The Analects

“Giving Birth by Marcus Amaker

do you remember
when the earth was just a baby,
settling in its skin,
safe in the arms of mother nature
with fire breathing from within.
you were not shackled by time
and life roamed around your heart
with the weight of dinosaurs,
leaving footprints in your lungs.
and the first time you saw the sun
you could barely breathe
because the possibility of endless light
planted a seed
so you admire the strength of trees,
who naturally grew into
unwavering beauty,
staring down the mouth of
time.

do you remember being 11 years old
when your mother told you
“birth is more painful than dying”
and you burst with dreams
without even trying,
seeking light in your heart,
where shadows now rest
comfortably next to fear.
but you come out of the woods clear,
with nature’s breath
under your tongue,
and a weightless bliss,
no longer scared of
death.”
― Marcus Amaker

“No matter how many men you kill, you can't kill your successor.”
― Seneca, Dying Every Day: Seneca at the Court of Nero

“I am not one who was born with great wisdom. I love the ancients and diligently seek wisdom among them.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“A butterfly does not return to a caterpillar after it is mature. We must learn to grow and evolve into a stronger, wiser and better version of ourselves. Life occurs in stages and taking a step at a time is key to learning and growing.”
― Kemi Sogunle

“I pray that I am never so foolishly naive or roguishly pompous to think that I can be the captain of my own ship, for if God is not at the helm my ship will soon be at the bottom.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus

“Killing a cruelty is not a cruelty.”
― Amit Kalantri

“One must not make too much of anything in life, good or bad.”
― Joseph Conrad, The Shadow-Line

“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
― Amit Kalantri

“The mind has a definite way of clothing one's thoughts in appropriate physical equivalents. Think in terms of poverty and you will live in poverty. Think in terms of opulence and you will attract opulence. Through the eternal law of harmonious attraction, one's thoughts always clothe themselves in material things appropriate unto their nature.”
― Napoleon Hill, You Can Work Your Own Miracles

“Who ignores not weak foe, with intellect waits for his opportunity,
Who displays in season ability, with the stronger desires no hostility;
Grieves not in calamity, applying all senses, patiently bearing misery,
Is wise – foremost of persons and all his foes but vanquished do be.
[98] - 33 Mahatma Vidur”
― Munindra Misra, Wisdom of Mahatma Vidur & Chanakya: in English Rhyme

“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
― Roy Bennett

“Who make not friends with sinful, lives not away from hope futilely,
Who outrages not another's wife and betrays not arrogance surely;
Who never commits any theft or never shows ingratitude certainly,
And never indulges in drinking is a person who is always happy.
[99] - 33 Mahatma Vidur”
― Munindra Misra, Wisdom of Mahatma Vidur & Chanakya: in English Rhyme

“Let them see that
their words can cut you, and you’ll never be free of the mockery”
― George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones

“That king who forsakes lust, anger, bestows wealth to needy,
Discriminates, is learned, active, is regarded as man of authority;
Prosperity is attends on king who inspires confidence in others truly,
Who punishes guilty in right measure, knows when to show mercy.
[97] - 33 Mahatma Vidur”
― Munindra Misra, Wisdom of Mahatma Vidur & Chanakya: in English Rhyme

“Truth may be stranger than fiction, but fiction is truer.”
― Frederic Raphael

“Compromise, if not the spice of life, is its solidity. It is what makes nations great and marriages happy”
― Phyllis McGinley

“If it's true what is said, that only the wise discover the wise, then it must also be true that the lone wolf symbolizes either the biggest fool on the planet or the biggest Einstein on the planet.”
― Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality

“An almost perfect relationship with his father was the earthly root of all his wisdom. From his own father, he said, he first learned that Fatherhood must be at the core of the universe. [speaking of George MacDonald]”
― C.S. Lewis, Phantastes

“In friendship, bond not with a shallow man.”
― Ueda Akinari, Tales of Moonlight and Rain

“Do things for people not because of who they are or what they do in return, but because of who you are”
― Harold S. Kushner

“You can bail water 24/7, and no matter how good you are at not sinking, you still have a hole in your boat.”
― Kelli Jae Baeli, Crossing Paths

“The question to ask is what will satisfy you? What will bring you peace? And perhaps the answer to those is in asking yourself when you were last happy.”
― Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters

“humility is beyond our reach. if it were a product of reaching, we would instinctively be proud of reaching it. it is a gift.”
― John Piper

“Creating a better future
Requires creativity in the present.”
― Matthew Goldfinger

“The good and wise lead quite lives”
― Euripides

“كل كائن يكف عن النمو يبدأ في الموت.الإنسان السعيد هو الذي يستطيع أن يحول كل موسم من مواسم الحياة فرصة لنمو طاقات جديدة.”
― غازي القصيبي, حياة في الإدارة

“When your tears become invisible, disappear”
― Benny Bellamacina

“فكر قبل أن تتكلم، واقرأ قبل أن تفكر”
― Fran Lebowitz, The Fran Lebowitz Reader

“The job of a writer is not to convey emotion but to invoke it.”
― Eric T. Benoit

“When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine”
― Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children

“And remember that within every lie, there is a truth hidden. Know the truth to defeat the lie.”
― T. A. Miles, Raventide

“You can always tell the heart of man by what he do, and by what he don't do...”
― Steven J. Carroll, The Road to Jericho

“The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.”
― Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish

“Being aware is being aware of one's own mind and the games it plays on itself.”
― Robin Macnaughton, Power Astrology: Make The Most Of Your Sun Sign

“Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else”
― Benny Bellamacina

“Knowledge & understanding mixed with ones convictions of 'experience' is hardly impositional".

~R. Alan Woods [2012]”
― R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal

“Never let your uniqueness be compromised”
― Benny Bellamacina

“Women were created gullible. It they weren't no babies would be born.”
― Dakota Dawn

“Even a God finds it hard to love and be wise at the same time.”
― Tina Smith, Forbidden: Discover the Legend

“I learned from Jurassic Park that just because you can do something doesn’t mean you should.”
― Christopher C. Starr

“Is it not by learning to read the book of nature with the eyes of faith that we come to recognize the drop of divinity that resides in our own souls though hidden, master? In the end is this not faith; to seek the light that takes us further, the light of Christ that brings that to which reason and knowledge alone can never raise itself? This is truth!”
― Adriana Koulias, Temple of the Grail

“Nunca podemos juzgar la vida de los demás, porque cada uno sabe de su propio dolor y de su propia renuncia. Una cosa es suponer que uno está en el camino cierto; otra es suponer que ese camino es el único.”
― Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept

“Make your ideal your new real.”
― Derek Padula

“Opportunity is swift of flight but slow to return.”
― Ali R.A

“Pride, cowardice, and miserliness are bad for me but good for women”
― Ali R.A

“Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee, as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness.”
― Herman Melville, Moby-Dick; or, the Whale

“Are the great spiritual teachings really advocating that we fight evil because we are on the side of light, the side of peace? Are they telling us to fight against that other 'undesirable' side, the bad and the black. That is a big question. If there is wisdom in the sacred teachings, there should not be any war. As long as a person is involved with warfare, trying to defend or attack, then his action is not sacred; it is mundane, dualistic, a battlefield situation.”
― Chögyam Trungpa, Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism

“you need power only to do something harmful.otherwise love is enough,compassion is enough.”
― Osho

“Don’t follow someone else’s map. You should glean teachings from all directions, keeping true to those that bring progress yet remaining open to changes in yourself.”
― Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life

“There are those who know and those who don't know. And for every ten thousand who don't know there's only one who knows. That's the miracle of all time--the fact that these millions know so much but don't know this.”
― Carson McCullers, The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter

“Follow your heart, Ithilnin," Albirich repeated. "Time is precious. Don't waste it living someone else's life.”
― Jess C. Scott, The Darker Side of Life

“respect life,revere life.there is nothing more holy than life,nothing more divine than life.”
― Osho

“Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.”
― Fadi Hattendorf

“To say that a being who is sentient has no interest in continuing to live is like saying that a being with eyes has no interest in continuing to see. Death—however “humane”—is a harm for humans and nonhumans alike.”
― Gary L. Francione

“I think your vision gets better as you get older.”
― Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light

“I did not know that mankind were suffering for want of gold. I have seen a little of it. I know that it is very malleable, but not so malleable as wit. A grain of gold will gild a great surface, but not so much as a grain of wisdom.”
― Henry David Thoreau, Life Without Principle

“From the cradle to the grave, joy and pain is the fertilizer for wisdom.”
― T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"

“Their mother is Athene, the goddess of wisdom, and, although they are often ready to play the buffoon to amuse you, such conduct is the prerogative of the truly wise.”
― T.H. White, The Once and Future King

“There’s a Chinese proverb that says “Wisdom is avoiding all thoughts that weaken you & embracing those that strengthen you” Your mind is like a Ferrari (Or your favorite car) it is Awesome!...but if you put sand on the gas tank it won’t run. Don’t put sand (negativity) on your mind. Think positive, encouraging, uplifting thoughts, & the negative will soon evaporate.”
― Pablo

“So it is always preferable to discuss the matter of veganism in a non-judgemental way. Remember that to most people, eating flesh or dairy and using animal products such as leather, wool, and silk, is as normal as breathing air or drinking water. A person who consumes dairy or uses animal products is not necessarily or usually what a recent and unpopular American president labelled an "evil doer.”
― GaryLFrancione

“Whenever ego suffers from fear of death & your practice turns to seeing impermanence, ego settles down.”
― Tsoknyi Rinpoche, Carefree Dignity: Discourses on Training in the Nature of Mind

“I don't believe in worrying. It's a waste of energy.”
― Malinda Lo, Huntress

“I reject animal welfare reform and single-issue campaigns because they are not only inconsistent with the claims of justice that we should be making if we really believe that animal exploitation is wrong, but because these approaches cannot work as a practical matter. Animals are property and it costs money to protect their interests; therefore, the level of protection accorded to animal interests will always be low and animals will, under the best of circumstances, still be treated in ways that would constitute torture if applied to humans.

By endorsing welfare reforms that supposedly make exploitation more “compassionate” or single-issue campaigns that falsely suggest that there is a coherent moral distinction between meat and dairy or between fur and wool or between steak and foie gras, we betray the principle of justice that says that all sentient beings are equal for purposes of not being used exclusively as human resources. And, on a practical level, we do nothing more than make people feel better about animal exploitation.”
― Gary L. Francione

“Animals are property. There are laws that supposedly protect animal interests
in being treated “humanely,” but that term is interpreted in large part to mean that we cannot impose “unnecessary” harm on animals, and that is measured by what treatment is considered as necessary within particular industries, and according to customs of use, to exploit animals. The bottom line is that animals do not have any respect-based rights in the way that humans have, because we do not regard animals as having any moral value. They have only economic value. We value their interests economically, and we ignore their interests when it is economically beneficial for us to do so.

At this point in time, it makes no sense to focus on the law, because as long as we regard animals as things, as a moral matter, the laws will necessarily reflect that absence of moral value and continue to do nothing to protect animals. We need to change social and moral thinking about animals before the law is going to do anything more.”
― Gary L. Francione

“Who was to know what went on in a person's heart? A wise woman kept her own counsel.”
― Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan

“Be wise as a serpent and wary as a dove!”
― Mark Twain

“one should never assume anything”
― Dick Francis, Crossfire

“A guilty conscience is jealousy's playground.”
― L. Quick

“No one is ever going to give you something that they're too afraid to even claim for themselves. People don't know themselves, so they don't like to see other people figure it out and live their lives in ways that they themselves cannot. So they try to box you in, and limit you, so they don't feel inadequate. But you don't need their approval- the only person who ever, ever limits you is yourself.”
― Danielle Jordan

“Such Excessive Preoccupation With The Faults Of Others Only Manages To Bring The Spotlight To Shine Bright On Whatever It Is You May Have Hiding Behind All Your Self Perceived Glory.”
― Marcie Leeper

“But the character of the music emphasized the tale as allegory--humorous, poignant, humane allegory--disclosing the metamorphosis of life itself, in which man moves from confident inexperience through the bitterness of experience, toward the rueful wisdom of self-knowledge.”
― Robertson Davies, A Mixture of Frailties

“The brillant person who does not take heed is the same as the ignorant who does not know.”
― Debra E. Johnson

“The old continued to have one resurgence of foolishness after another, until the organism gave out altogether.”
― Saul Bellow

“Are you just gonna stare at Jack or are we gonna go?" Milo asked, poking his head into the bedroom.”
― Amanda Hocking, Wisdom

“You might say that you've finally earned the wisdom.
Actually, it's the wisdom that has found and formed you.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“To live content with small means; to seek elegance rather than luxury, and refinement rather than fashion; to be worthy, not respectable, and wealthy, not, rich; to listen to stars and birds, babes and sages, with open heart; to study hard; to think quietly, act frankly, talk gently, await occasions, hurry never; in a word, to let the spiritual, unbidden and unconscious, grow up through the common. this is my symphony.”
― William Ellery Channing

“To deny the reality of things is to miss their reality; to assert the emptiness of things is to miss their reality. The more you talk and think about it, the further astray you wander from the truth. Stop talking and thinking and there is nothing you will not be able to know.”
― Sengstan, Hsin Hsin Ming

“Tennis taught me so many lessons in life. One of the things it taught me is that every ball that comes to me, I have to make a decision. I have to accept responsibility for the consequences every time I hit a ball.”
― Billie Jean King

“It is useful to study different traditions in order to be free of attachment to any one way of expressing what is beyond expression. (x)”
― Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra

“A philosopher is a lover of wisdom, not of knowledge, which for all its great uses ultimately suffers from the crippling effect of ephemerality. All knowledge is transient linked to the world around it and subject to change as the world changes, whereas wisdom, true wisdom is eternal immutable. To be philosophical one must love wisdom for its own sake, accept its permanent validity and yet its perpetual irrelevance. It is the fate of the wise to understand the process of history and yet never to shape it.”
― Shashi Tharoor

“One true king knew when to step aside and give up the reins of power—to remove his crown and relinquish his kingdom—all for the sake of glimpsing, just once in a lifetime, the face of a holy child.

He was the Fourth to follow the Star.

His gift was a secret.

The rest of his journey is unknown.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“Whoever is full of wisdom is naturally compassionate; in fact we recognize that someone has gained spiritual wisdom by seeing their compassionate behavior. . . . Individuals and countries with power need to develop wisdom and compassion, for without these attributes, there is a danger that the power will be used to oppress and exploit others. (31)”
― Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra

“All simple souls must admire and respect one another, saying: 'Let us proceed each one along our path to the same goal, united in purpose and by means of God's order which, in its great variety, is in us all.”
― Jean-Pierre de Caussade, The Sacrament of the Present Moment

“Any man who has got himself set over others and don't have any responsibility to something bigger than him is a son of a bitch.”
― Oakley Hall, Warlock

“To have opinions is to sell out to yourself. To have no opinion is to exist. To have every opinion is to be a poet.”
― Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet

“In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.”
― Oscar Wilde

“We are much beholden to Machiavelli and others, that write what men do, and not what they ought to do . For it is not possible to join serpentine wisdom with the columbine innocency, except men know exactly all the conditions of the serpent; his baseness and going upon his belly, his volubility and lubricity, his envy and sting, and the rest; that is, all forms and natures of evil. For without this, virtue lieth open and unfenced. Nay, an honest man can do no good upon those that are wicked, to reclaim them, without the help of the knowledge of evil.”
― Frances Bacon

“God teaches the soul by pains and obstacles, not by ideas.”
― Jean-Pierre de Caussade, Abandonment to Divine Providence

“When two wise men are blaming one another,
then time has come for you to be the third one.”
― Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity

“The only way to heal yourself was to understand. Understand the love or the hate or the cowardice, or the impulsiveness, the lack of will of the one who hurt you--the circumstances that twisted them, the influences that warped them. And when you forgot yourself and saw the others with pitying comprehension, saw their tortured motives, a white, healing peace descended upon you. Your betrayal became an impersonal one, like a bridge giving way when you crossed it, lightning, a motor collision--you were in the way and you were damaged--that was all. It wasn't meant for you. When you understood, you were released into a new freedom and wisdom.”
― Mary Schumann, Strong Enchantments

“Don't talk about love, But speak out of love cause most of the liars are only perfect of talking about nothing but passion & don't talk about justice, But speak out of justice cause most of the oppressors are only perfect of talking about nothing but rightness.”
― Ibrahim Aslan

“...freedom can be a full-time job if you let it.”
― Pearl Cleage, Till You Hear from Me

“Right now, just speak gently your words of wisdom to the youngsters.
Sooner or later, those words will arrive at the right place in their hearts.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“Do not ever go out of yourself because you will get lost even from your life.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“The friend is a human Eden
But Eden is so easily lost
When you choose, choose wisely
Before you share, count the cost”
― Genieve Dawkins, The Turmoil Within

“No shortcut to wisdom.
No tollways to be wise.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“No one, from pontiffs to professors, has a monopoly on the truth. In the end, we are all just travelers--not scientists or mystics or any one brand of thinker. By nature, we are scientists and mystics, reductionists and holists, left-brained and right-brained, mixed up creatures trying to catch an occasional glimpse of the truth. The best we can do is to be tolerant of both sides of our nature--knowing that these reflect the twin aspect of the universe--and learn from whatever wisdom is offered.”
― David Darling, Soul Search: A Scientist Explores the Afterlife

“Every life has a destiny... the trick is to discover it before then end of your life. Otherwise, you will have too many regrets.”
― Kevin J. Anderson, A Forest of Stars

“Man will never reach the higher wisdom,
If he can't yet accept the pain of change.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.”
― Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme

“Insults sting but a little when they stem from a man's ignorance.”
― Susan Wiggs, At the King's Command

“Like this cup, you are full of your own opinions and speculations. How can I show you wisdom unless you first empty your cup?”
― Nyogen Senzaki

“I wrote "David" because it seemed to me that children, who can love a book more passionately than any grown person, got such a lot of harmless entertainment and not enough real, valuable literature.”
― Anne Holm

“all brave men love; for he only is brave who has affections to fight for.”
― Nathanial Hawthorne

“The line between him and the enemy had simultaneously blurred and solidified. Somehow, while perhaps it shouldn't have, this thought provided a strange sense of peace.”
― Kristina McMorris, Bridge of Scarlet Leaves

“True beauty is measured by the number of pearls within you, not those around your neck.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“If a serious statement is defined as one that may be made in terms of waking life, poetry will never rise to the level of seriousness. It lies beyond seriousness, on that more primitive and original level where the child, the animal, the savage, and the seer belong, in the region of dream, enchantment, ecstasy, laughter. To understand poetry we must be capable of donning the child's soul like a magic cloak and of forsaking man's wisdom for the child's.”
― Johan Huizinga, Homo Ludens: A Study of the Play Element in Culture

“[...] marriage is one thing, and love is another...You need to have a solid canvas; nobody stops you to weave the arabesques...”
― Andre Maurois, Climats

“Wenn du weißt, behaupte, dass du es weißt. Und wenn du etwas nicht weißt, gib zu, dass du es nicht weißt. Das ist Wissen.”
― Konfuzius

“A primary requirement in every enterprise in habit-formation is self-confidence.”
― Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control

“Give it air & let the scar on your soul reveal itself, because, like the body, it too was made to heal itself.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“The intriguing placidity from the slothful pace of a snail is truly very peaceful. Our world is in need of this calmness to pacify itself”
― Munia Khan

“At the end of the day, what is life? A beautiful journey. Why must we take it so seriously and not enjoy every moment of it? Why not let any person have his chance in anything he desires? ...Why not vanish the hate and forgive? Why not follow our dreams and make them reality?”
― Maria Karvouni

“To lovers there.

Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Whoever lost the truth has lost him/her self. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“The measure of a man is his state of mind.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The perfection of wisdom, and the end of true philosophy is to proportion our wants to our possessions, our ambitions to our capacities, we will then be a happy and a virtuous people.”
― Mark Twain

“Two footsteps do not make a path.”
― Nnedi Okorafor, Kabu Kabu

“. . . I had found the edge. The place where you unstrap all your fastenings to the earth, to what you are what you have been, where you flame out on the edge of the spheres, and the sun and moon become eclipsed and the world below is as dead and remote and without interest as if it were glazed with ice. ”
― James Lee Burke, Black Cherry Blues

“As great minds have the faculty of saying a great deal in a few words, so lesser minds have a talent of talking much, and saying nothing.”
― La Rouchefoucauld, The Maxims

“Both the art of intuition and the science of analytics have the role to play in making wise decisions.”
― Pearl Zhu, Decision Master: The Art and Science of Decision Making

“Decision making is an art only until the person understands the science.”
― Pearl Zhu, Decision Master: The Art and Science of Decision Making

“If we deny the thirst of love, we stand to lose the last known address of the stranger whithin us. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“To be beyond yourself is the gate to wisdom. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“Joblessness is a time for reflection”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Guts are important. Your guts are what digest things. But it is your brains that tell you which things to swallow and which not to swallow.”
― Austin Dacey

“Luck, I believe, is where preparation meets opportunity.”
― Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known

“It's funny how the ugly duckling always has so many beautiful things to teach us.”
― Curtis Tyrone Jones

“The grass is greener on the other side, but often this is just an illusion. Most probably, everyone is as unhappy as you.”
― Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known

“Our Peter Pan generation is unhappy. All our lives, we want to grow up—
to be treated like adults, to have freedom to choose. Then we get here and
it turns out being an adult sucks. We pay the bills and taxes, watching others succeed while we are forever waiting for our turn.

We believe we are special, but nothing special has come our way.”
― Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known

“The Fur Person learned then and there that it is better to be a philosopher than to be a king and that, all things considered, wisdom was to be preferred to power.”
― May Sarton, The Fur Person

“The art of decision making includes the art of questioning.”
― Pearl Zhu, Decision Master: The Art and Science of Decision Making

“Usually people don't see beyond the surface of things and cannot understand more other than the obvious; they are used to judging a book by its cover, and that is why they don't hesitate to bully.”
― Maria Karvouni

“Die Welt ist von Narren geschaffen, damit Weise in ihr Leben.”
― Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance

“The world has been changing even faster as people, devices and information are increasingly connected to each other. Computational power is growing and quantum computing is quickly being realised. This will revolutionise artificial intelligence with exponentially faster speeds. It will advance encryption. Quantum computers will change everything, even human biology. There is already one technique to edit DNA precisely, called CRISPR. The basis of this genome-editing technology is a bacterial defence system. It can accurately target and edit stretches of genetic code. The best intention of genetic manipulation is that modifying genes would allow scientists to treat genetic causes of disease by correcting gene mutations. There are, however, less noble possibilities for manipulating DNA. How far we can go with genetic engineering will become an increasingly urgent question. We can’t see the possibilities of curing motor neurone diseases—like my ALS—without also glimpsing its dangers.
Intelligence is characterised as the ability to adapt to change. Human intelligence is the result of generations of natural selection of those with the ability to adapt to changed circumstances. We must not fear change. We need to make it work to our advantage.
We all have a role to play in making sure that we, and the next generation, have not just the opportunity but the determination to engage fully with the study of science at an early level, so that we can go on to fulfil our potential and create a better world for the whole human race. We need to take learning beyond a theoretical discussion of how AI should be and to make sure we plan for how it can be. We all have the potential to push the boundaries of what is accepted, or expected, and to think big. We stand on the threshold of a brave new world. It is an exciting, if precarious, place to be, and we are the pioneers.
When we invented fire, we messed up repeatedly, then invented the fire extinguisher. With more powerful technologies such as nuclear weapons, synthetic biology and strong artificial intelligence, we should instead plan ahead and aim to get things right the first time, because it may be the only chance we will get. Our future is a race between the growing power of our technology and the wisdom with which we use it. Let’s make sure that wisdom wins.”
― Stephen Hawking, Brief Answers to the Big Questions

“Vulnerability really means to be strong and secure enough within yourself that you are able to walk outside without your armor on. You are able to show up in life as just you. That is genuine strength and courage. Armor may look tough, but all it does is mask insecurity and fear.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“You can’t selectively numb your anger, any more than you can turn off all lights in a room, and still expect to see the light.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Bukan melupakan yang jadi masalahnya. Barangsiapa yang bisa menerima, maka dia akan bisa melupakan, hidup bahagia. Tapi jika dia tidak bisa menerima, dia tidak akan pernah bisa melupakan.”
― Tere Liye, Hujan

“We awaken by asking the right questions. We awaken when we see knowledge being spread that goes against our own personal experiences. We awaken when we see popular opinion being wrong but accepted as being right, and what is right being pushed as being wrong. We awaken by seeking answers in corners that are not popular. And we awaken by turning on the light inside when everything outside feels dark.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Expectation has brought me disappointment. Disappointment has brought me wisdom. Acceptance, gratitude and appreciation have brought me joy and fulfilment.”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“Bukan seberapa lama umat manusia bisa bertahan hidup sebagai ukuran kebahagiaan, tapi seberapa besar kemampuan mereka memeluk erat-erat semua hal menyakitkan yang mereka alami.”
― Tere Liye, Hujan

“Relationships are steppingstones for the evolution of our consciousness. Each interaction we have, be it one of joy or contrast, allows us to learn more about who we are and what we want in this lifetime. They bring us into greater alignment…as long as we continue to move forward and do not get attached to hurt, anger, or being a victim.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“Love is being able to view a situation without adding duality to it.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“You were not just blessed for yourself,
your were blessed to be a blessing to
others.”
― Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha

“We don't notice things change. We know that things change, we've been told since childhood that things change, we've witnessed things change ourselves many a time, and yet we're still utterly incapable of noticing the moment that change comes--or we search for change in all the wrong places.”
― Arkady and Boris Strugatsky

“To struggle against darkness is not to blunder ignorantly; intelligence is needed to generate right action.”
― Belsebuub

“We can't just restrict ourselves to what we know, because we are talking about the unknown.”
― Belsebuub

“Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.”
― Langston Hughes

“We're very familiar with the idea that some things are so complex they're beyond our comprehension. This not only keeps us solving and experimenting but also distracted. Many things are really so simple we can't see them under our big noses.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Never underestimate yourself when you do what is right.
Never overestimate yourself when you do what is wrong.”
― Roy Bennett

“Love is supposed to lift you up, not hold you down. It is supposed to push you forward, not hold you back.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“I think that a lot of the time, people are generous towards those whom they pity; but only find fault in those whom they see as better than themselves. There is a fake kind of goodness; and that is the goodness that is only good towards other people that make the givers feel better about themselves. Would you be good to someone you think is so much better than you are? Or who has so much more than you have? Or is your goodness only reserved for those who make you feel like a god because you give to them? Too often, there are shining, beautiful people, who suffer so much in this world, because there would be so many others willing to snuff out their flames! Goodness of a person is not measured by sympathy or compassion; rather, goodness is measured by empathy. Empathy goes beyond all the physical things you see with your two eyes. It’s easy to be good to those you pity; much harder to be good to those whom you envy!”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Many things can prolong your life, but only wisdom can save it.”
― Neel Burton

“Life is the only thing which can never be replaced when lost.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.”
― Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder

“When we choose to stay down, we are in reality confusing wisdom with cowardice. When we choose to stand back up, we are using wisdom to overcome cowardice.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“We do not engage in idle or intentional gossip which undermines someone else's integrity or which spreads the seeds of fear by talking unthinkingly about illness, disasters, and all the other fears which run rampant in the world.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.”
― Jayson Engay

“It is much better to die of hunger unhindered by grief and fear than to live affluently beset with worry, dread, suspicion and unchecked desire.”
― Epictetus

“If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“For what are in reality the things we call ‘Wisdom,’ ‘Virtue,’ ‘Heroism,’ ‘sublime hours,’ and ‘great moments of life,’ but the moments when we have more or less issued forth from ourselves, and have been able to halt, be it only for an instant, on the step of one of the eternal gates whence we see that the faintest cry, the most colourless thought, and most nerveless gestures do not drop into nothingness; …”
― Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble

“Although history may therefore seem like a series of inevitable events, the actual future is seldom foreseen.”
― David G. Myers, Psychology

“O Heavenly Children, God's messengers are as limitless as the fish in the sea. They come in all colors, regions, languages and creeds. But their message is one and the same, don't you see? He only wishes to unite all His children under one family tree.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Be your friend’s
true friend.
Return gift for gift.
Repay laughter
with laughter again
but betrayal with treachery.”
― Hávamál

“Our power lies in our small daily choices, one after another, to create eternal ripples of a life well lived.”
― Mollie Marti

“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.”
― Plutarch

“After the final no there comes a yes / And on that yes the future world depends.”
― Wallace Stevens

“A soul that is kind and intends justice discovers more than any sophist”
― Sophocles

“Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up”
― Benny Bellamacina

“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
― Amit Kalantri

“Anyway, the trick is simply this: No matter what happens, keep your heart open. Wide open. The heart is made of love, and love is indestructible, and only the arrogance of ego would presume that it requires protection. To open your heart is to reduce your ego, and this is the only magic that is ever required to experience the naked truth.”
― Tony Vigorito, Nine Kinds of Naked

“God grant ... that he may learn to understand in time, that whoso is minded to do as he himself wills will soon enough see the day when he will find he has done that which he had never willed.”
― Sigrid Undset, The Axe

“Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.”
― Amit Kalantri

“I see at last that all the knowledge

I wrung from the darkness—that the darkness flung me—
Is worthless as ignorance: nothing comes from nothing,
The darkness from the darkness. Pain comes from the darkness
And we call it wisdom. It is pain.”
― Randall Jarrell, The Complete Poems

“Wisdom must yield to superstition's rules,
Who arms with bigot zeal the hand of fools.”
― Voltaire, Candide and The Maid of Orleans

“The greatest solution of all is to live and work in partnership with yourself, your family and friends, your work and community, your nation, your world, nature, and spirit.”
― Marc Allen, The Millionaire Course: A Visionary Plan for Creating the Life of Your Dreams

“Entering a cell, penetrating deep as a flying saucer to find a new galaxy would be an honorable task for a new scientist interested more in the inner state of the soul than in outer space.”
― Dejan Stojanovic

“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
― Amit Kalantri

“I don't know what to say to fill the silence. I don't know how to fix this. It seems wrong to leave him, but I have to. There's no compromise, no alternative. Things just weren't meant to be, which seems like a pansy-ass thing to say, until it happens to you.”
― H.M. Ward, The Arrangement 8: The Ferro Family

“His strength for your weakness! His wisdom for your folly! His drive for your drift! His grace for your greed! His love for your lust! His peace for your problems! His joy for your sorrow! His plenty for your poverty!”
― Major Thomas

“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.”
― Amit Kalantri

“You can change your mind, don't let your mind change you”
― Benny Bellamacina

“If you change who you are to suit other people, you may end up dressed for the wrong occasion”
― Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems

“ولكن ما كانت الصداقة لتحمل في يدها ميزان العدل لكل كلمة وكل معنى وكل إشارة،
بل إنها لتصفح كثي ا ر عن كثير لتجعل الحق الذي لها أن تستوفيه كاملا كأنها حق عليها
تؤديه كاملا فتكبر بتسامحها وتنمو…”
― مصطفى صادق الرافعي, أوراق الورد

“لو كان العقل على قدر كلام الرجل، لكان الثرثار أكبر الناس عقلاً، ولو كان العلم على قدر حفظ المسائل لكان التلميذ أوسع من أستاذه علماً، ولو كان الجاه على قدر الفضائل لما كان للأشرار نفوذ، ولو كان المال على قدر العقل لكان أغنى الناس الحكماء، وأفقر الناس السفهاء، ولو كان الخلود على قدر نفع الناس لما خلد السفاحون والطغاة وأكثر الملوك والزعماء.”
― مصطفى السباعي, هكذا علمتني الحياة

“Dirty or clean, crumpled or finely creased, you are still priceless to those who Love you.”
― Norlito Baclayen

“A spoon does not know the taste of soup, nor a learned fool the taste of wisdom.”
― Anonymous

“Wise random strangers at bars are modern-day Oracles of Delphi, except drunk and sometimes leaving abruptly when it's their turn for karaoke.”
― Kelly Williams Brown, Adulting: How to Become a Grown-up in 468 Easy(ish) Steps

“Wisdom is not having God's perspective of the whole matter before us, but having God's perspective about what next response will honor Him while keeping us still usable to Him.”
― Jim Berg, Changed Into His Image

“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
― Amit Kalantri

“Feel not obliged to make good use of every ripe fruit on the vine.”
― Kathryn Hall, Plant Whatever Brings You Joy: Blessed Wisdom from the Garden

“Its not how strong you are, its how firm your footing is.”
― Clive Ollies

“One's rebuke engraves itself upon the mind more than one's praise.”
― Seth D.

“A problem well put is half solved.”
― John Dewey

“Selfishness and greed, individual or national, cause most of our troubles.”
― Harry S. Truman

“...when you put on your shortest dress, please leave some mystery in it. That's the difference between a miniskirt and a ho-skirt. A ho-skirt shows your Frisbee. A miniskirt shows just enough to cause some mystery. What these young women lack is mystery.”
― Tyler Perry, Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings: Madea's Uninhibited Commentaries on Love and Life

“If you are what you eat, you are what you see and hear.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“Yes, Kālāmas, it is proper that your have doubt, that you have perplexity, for a doubt has arisen in a matter which is doubtful. Now, look you Kālāmas, do not be led by reports, or traditions, or hearsay. Be not led by the authority of religious texts, not by the delight in speculative opinions, nor by seeming possibilities, not by the idea: 'this is our teacher'. But, O Kālāmas, when you know for yourself that certain things are unwholesome, and wrong, and bad, then give them up... And when you know for yourself that certain things are wholesome and good, then accept them and follow them.”
― The Buddha

“We think a wise person is someone who solves problems. Truth is, a wise person is someone who avoids problems.”
― Prem Rawat

“Between the natural way and the path of grace there is a deep abyss. It is in that gap that we live our lives as a giant struggle between good and evil, Satan and God, despair and love. Whenever despair wins, it is the natural way. Whenever love wins, it is a moment of grace. When love is victorious and defeats despair completely, you've reached the path of grace.”
― Haim Shapira, על הדברים החשובים באמת

“Wisdom comes from reflection.”
― Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!

“The notion that we should promote “happy” or “humane” exploitation as “baby steps” ignores that welfare reforms do not result in providing significantly greater protection for animal interests; in fact, most of the time, animal welfare reforms do nothing more than make animal exploitation more economically productive by focusing on practices, such as gestation crates, the electrical stunning of chickens, or veal crates, that are economically inefficient in any event. Welfare reforms make animal exploitation more profitable by eliminating practices that are economically vulnerable. For the most part, those changes would happen anyway and in the absence of animal welfare campaigns precisely because they do rectify inefficiencies in the production process. And welfare reforms make the public more comfortable about animal exploitation. The “happy” meat/animal products movement is clear proof of that.

We would never advocate for “humane” or "happy” human slavery, rape, genocide, etc. So, if we believe that animals matter morally and that they have an interest not only in not suffering but in continuing to exist, we should not be putting our time and energy into advocating for “humane” or “happy” animal exploitation.”
― GaryLFrancione

“Speciesism is morally objectionable because, like racism, sexism, and heterosexism, it links personhood with an irrelevant criterion. Those who reject speciesism are committed to rejecting racism, sexism, heterosexism, and other forms of discrimination as well.”
― GaryLFrancione

“One is often so busy doing life that it is easy to avoid evaluating whether you are putting your energy in the direction you value most.”
― Deborah Day

“There's always something when you're at fault, too, and that fault you must discover and learn to recognize and take the consequences of it.”
― Anne Holm, I Am David

“But Johannes had said, "Politeness is something you owe other people, because when you show a little courtesy, everything becomes easier and better. But first and foremost, it's something you owe yourself. You are David.”
― Anne Holm, I Am David

“If we take the position that an assessment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism is not possible because we are all “on our own journey,” then moral assessment becomes completely impossible or is speciesist. It is impossible because if we are all “on our own journey,” then there is nothing to say to the racist, sexist, anti-semite, homophobe, etc. If we say that those forms of discrimination are morally bad, but, with respect to animals, we are all “on our own journey” and we cannot make moral assessments about, for instance, dairy consumption, then we are simply being speciesist and not applying the same moral analysis to nonhumans that we apply to the human context.”
― GaryLFrancione

“A fool can easily be known(identified) by what proceeds from his or her mouth.”
― Adedayo kingjerry

“Indeed if fish had fish-lore and Wise-fish, it is probable that the business of anglers would be very little hindered.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, Morgoth's Ring

“Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.”
― Josh Billings

“You call forth the world which God has formed and that world only. Nor is this life of yours by which you set such store your doing, however you may choose to tell it. Its shape was forced in the void at the onset and all talk of what might otherwise have been is senseless for there is no otherwise. Of what could it be made? Where be hid? Or how make its appearance? The probability fo the actual is absolute. That we have no power to guess it out beforehand makes it no less certain. That we may imagine alternate histories means nothing at all.”
― Cormac McCarthy, Cities of the Plain

“There are some animal advocates who say that to maintain that veganism is the moral baseline is objectionable because it is “judgmental,” or constitutes a judgment that veganism is morally preferable to vegetarianism and a condemnation that vegetarians (or other consumers of animal products) are “bad” people. Yes to the first part; no to the second. There is no coherent distinction between flesh and other animal products. They are all the same and we cannot justify consuming any of them. To say that you do not eat flesh but that you eat dairy or eggs or whatever, or that you don’t wear fur but you wear leather or wool, is like saying that you eat the meat from spotted cows but not from brown cows; it makers no sense whatsoever. The supposed “line” between meat and everything else is just a fantasy–an arbitrary distinction that is made to enable some exploitation to be segmented off and regarded as “better” or as morally acceptable. This is not a condemnation of vegetarians who are not vegans; it is, however, a plea to those people to recognize their actions do not conform with a moral principle that they claim to accept and that all animal products are the result of imposing suffering and death on sentient beings. It is not a matter of judging individuals; it is, however, a matter of judging practices and institutions. And that is a necessary component of ethical living.”
― GaryLFrancione

“It is by now proverbial that every proverb has its opposite. For every Time is money there is a Stop and smell the roses. When someone says You never stand in the same river twice someone else has already replied There is nothing new under the sun. In the mind's arithmetic, 1 plus -1 equals 2. Truths are not quantities but scripts: Become for a moment the mind in which this is true.”
― James Richardson, Interglacial: New and Selected Poems & Aphorisms

“التحرر من المسؤولية آمام الآخر ليس حرية،ولكنه فرار من الحرية”
― إبراهيم الكوني

“Anyone with half a mind could see that," said Tiffany.
Miss Tick sighed. "Yes. But sometimes it's so hard to find half a mind when you need one.”
― Terry Pratchett

“An abolitionist is, as I have developed that notion, one who (1) maintains that we cannot justify animal use, however “humane” it may be; (2) rejects welfare campaigns that seek more “humane” exploitation, or single-issue campaigns that seek to portray one form of animal exploitation as morally worse than other forms of animal exploitation (e.g., a campaign that seeks to distinguish fur from wool or leather); and (3) regards veganism, or the complete rejection of the consumption or use of any animal products, as a moral baseline. An abolitionist regards creative, nonviolent vegan education as the primary form of activism, because she understands that the paradigm will not shift until we address demand and educate people to stop thinking of animals as things we eat, wear, or use as our resources.”
― GaryLFrancione

“When you can't get what you want, get what you need”
― Benny Bellamacina

“If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve”
― Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children, v.2

“Free thinker walks on shortcuts among wisdoms.”
― Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza

“The rights paradigm, which, as I interpret it, morally requires the abolition of animal exploitation and requires veganism as a matter of fundamental justice, is radically different from the welfarist paradigm, which, in theory focuses on reducing suffering, and, in reality, focuses on tidying up animal exploitation at its economically inefficient edges. In science, those who subscribe to one paradigm are often unable to understand and engage those who subscribe to another paradigm precisely because the theoretical language that they use is not compatible.

I think that the situation is similar in the context of the debate between animal rights and animal welfare. And that is why welfarists simply cannot understand or accept the slavery analogy.”
― GaryLFrancione

“A wise man is able to differentiate between humility and weakness, he does not mistake courage for pride.”
― Newton Gatambia

“Seek out your superiors and learn from them. Do not hide nor shy away from them for the sake of your pride for true pride is perceived, not in perceived skill, but in improvement.”
― Megan Webster

“Guys willing to hold your dick are a dime a dozen; save your hearts for the one who wants to hold your hand.”
― Diane Adams, Silver Shorts 2012, Week 12

“The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.”
― Plato

“How will you go about finding that thing the nature of which is totally unknown to you?" (Plato)
The things we want are transformative, and we don’t know or only think we know what is on the other side of that transformation. Love, wisdom, grace, inspiration- how do you go about finding these things that are in some ways about extending the boundaries of the self into unknown territory, about becoming someone else?”
― Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost

“Limitation of one's freedom might seem to be something negative and unpleasant, but love makes it a positive, joyful and creative thing. Freedom exists for the sake of love.”
― John Paul II, Love and Responsibility

“A mind set in its ways is wasted. Don't do it.”
― Eric Schmidt

“Any serious social, political, and economic change must include veganism.”
― GaryLFrancione

“We shouldn't have been so scornful; we should have had compassion. But compassion takes work, and we were young.”
― Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood

“As in music, when we hear the crescendo building, suddenly if the music stops, we begin to hear the silence as part of the music.”
― Chögyam Trungpa, Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism

“You cannot live a nonviolent life as long as you are consuming violence. Please consider going vegan.”
― GaryLFrancione

“If I reveal myself without worrying about how others will respond, then some will care, though others may not. But who can love me, if no one knows me? I must risk it, or live alone.”
― Sheldon B. Kopp

“Don’t hide what you have just because people tell you it’s not normal. I have known normal people…and guess what? They are as boring as hell...”
― Sidney Knight

“Men grow tired of sleep, love, singing and dancing, sooner than war.”
― Homer

“One says the things which one feels the need to say, and which the other will not understand: one speaks for oneself alone.”
― Marcel Proust

“The knowing ones must have pity on the ignorant.
One who knows is willing to give up his body even for an ant,
because he knows that the body is nothing.”
― Swami Vivekananda

“The distance between your knowledge of truth and your obedience is called lack of integrity. And the amount of negative behavior--or lack of integrity--a person exhibits is directly proportional to their amount of pain." - Tara Leigh's therapist (p.118)”
― Tara Leigh Cobble, Orange Jumpsuit: Letters to the God of Freedom

“Lifes like a painters palette, just when you've got everything worked out the colours change”
― Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children

“We are exactly where we have chosen to be.”
― Vernon Howard

“Никога не съм позволявал на училището да попречи на образованието ми.”
― Mark Twain

“Justru karena cinta, kamu memelihara dirimu dan dirinya agar tetap mulia. Bila ia mendekat, tetaplah duduk. Karena itu yang menjaga emosi agar tak meletup. Bila ia menjauh, jangan dekati dia sebelum waktunya. Sabar itu jauh lebih istimewa. Atau kalau tak tahan lagi, segeralah datang ke rumah orang tuanya! Itu lebih mulia.”
― Ahmad Fuady, Negeri Sukun

“Science says the first word on everything, and the last word on nothing.”
― Victor Hugo

“Children are the closest we have to wisdom, and they become adults the moment that final drop of everything mysterious is strained from them.”
― Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories

“If we are ever going to see a paradigm shift, we have to be clear about how we want the present paradigm to shift.

We must be clear that veganism is the unequivocal baseline of anything that deserves to be called an “animal rights” movement. If “animal rights” means anything, it means that we cannot morally justify any animal exploitation; we cannot justify creating animals as human resources, however “humane” that treatment may be.

We must stop thinking that people will find veganism “daunting” and that we have to promote something less than veganism. If we explain the moral ideas and the arguments in favor of veganism clearly, people will understand. They may not all go vegan immediately; in fact, most won’t. But we should always be clear about the moral baseline. If someone wants to do less as an incremental matter, let that be her/his decision, and not something that we advise to do. The baseline should always be clear. We should never be promoting “happy” or “humane” exploitation as morally acceptable.”
― GaryLFrancione

“If we still advise we shall never do.”
― Elizabeth I, Collected Works

“Sometimes the only way to succeed is to fail backwards”
― Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme

“أحياناً نقود أنفسنا للطريق المهلك علماً بذلك .. ليس رغبة بالهلاك، بل أملاً بتغيير النتيجة”
― Ms.Candy

“We should never present flesh as somehow morally distinguishable from dairy. To the extent it is morally wrong to eat flesh, it is as morally wrong — and possibly more morally wrong — to consume dairy”
― GaryLFrancione

“Only to the degree that people have what they need, that they are healthy and unafraid, that their lives are varied, interesting, meaningful, productive, joyous, can we begin to judge, or even guess, their nature. Few people, adults or children, now live such lives.”
― John Holt, Instead of Education: Ways to Help People Do Things Better

“Authoritarian, paralyzing, circular, occasionally elliptical stock phrases, also jocularly referred to as nuggets of wisdom, are a malignant plague, one of the very worst ever to ravage the earth.”
― José Saramago, The Cave

“Human nature is all alike.”
― Mark Twain, Autobiography of Mark Twain, Volume 1: The Complete and Authoritative Edition

“Giving is the only way of taking part”
― Benny Bellamacina

“I let all that anger and worry go because they don't belong to me any more than the future does. And I don't wanna feel them anyhow, because the truth is, whatever happens when this war ends, here and now, far from Richmond County, I'm freer than I've ever been.”
― Teresa R. Funke, Dancing in Combat Boots

“I hate wise men because they are lazy, cowardly, and prudent. To the philosophers' equanimity, which makes them indifferent to both pleasure and pain, I prefer devouring passions. The sage knows neither the tragedy of passion, nor the fear of death, nor risk and enthusiasm, nor barbaric, grotesque, or sublime heroism. He talks in proverbs and gives advice. He does not live, feel, desire, wait for anything. He levels down all the incongruities of life and then suffers the consequences. So much more complex is the man who suffers from limitless anxiety. The wise man's life is empty and sterile, for it is free from contradiction and despair. An existence full of irreconcilable contradictions is so much richer and creative. The wise man's resignation springs from inner void, not inner fire. I would rather die of fire than of void.”
― Emil Cioran, On the Heights of Despair

“men are undoubtedly more in danger from prosperity than from adversity. for when matters go smoothly, they flatter themselves, and are intoxicated by their success”
― John Calvin

“Those who have wisdom have all:
Fools with all have nothing.”
― Tiruvalluvar, Kural

“One hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the most skillful, subduing the other's military without battle is the most skillful.”
― Sun Tzu

“You got up off the bathroom floor. That’s a start. Now, just stay off the floor. After all—aside from winning the lottery—all any of us can ever really hope for is more days spent standing tall than spent in pieces on the floor.”
― Sarah Spann, Wildflowers Come Back

“Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? There’s no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should’ve done or said, beating myself up & making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesn’t work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on & finish the year STRONG”
― Pablo

“Yes - en I's rich now, come to look at it. I owns myself, en I's wuth eight hund'd dollars. I wisht I had de money, I wouldn' want no mo'.”
― Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn

“Buddhism is all about science. If science is the systematic pursuit of the accurate knowledge of reality, then science is Buddhism, Buddhism is science.”
― Robert A.F. Thurman, Why the Dalai Lama Matters: His Act of Truth as the Solution for China, Tibet, and the World

“Vessels large may venture more, But little boats should keep near shore.”
― Benjamin Franklin, The Way to Wealth

“To tell others that
It is a rumor
Will not do.
When your own heart asks
How will you respond?”
― Gosen Wakashū

“We must accept the reality that the causes of impatience travel a two-way street.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“The ultimate difference between God's wisdom and man's wisdom is how they relate to the glory of God's grace in Christ crucified. God's wisdom makes the glory of God's grace our supreme treasure. But man's wisdom delights in seeing himself as resourceful, self-sufficient, self determining, and not utterly dependent on God's free grace.”
― John Piper, Think: The Life of the Mind and the Love of God

“It is a fool of a shepherd who culls his dogs.”
― Jefferson Smith, Strange Places

“The art of peaceful living comes down to living compassionately & wisely.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“I would rather risk failure than achieve it without risk.”
― Millard Johnson

“Patience is a natural consequence of the cultivation of compassion & love, for ourselves and all beings.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“To advance spiritually requires a method of practice & determination to carry it out.”
― Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living

“The delight we take in our senses is an implicit desire to know the ultimate reason for things, the highest cause. The desire for wisdom that philosophy etymologically is is a desire for the highest or divine causes. Philosophy culminates in theology. All other knowledge contains the seeds of contemplation of the divine.”
― Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation

“L'homme qui n'a pas été anarchiste à seize ans est un imbécile. Mais c'en est un autre, s'il l'est encore à quarante.”
― Georges Clemenceau

“The scepticism which men affect towards their higher inspirations is often not an honest doubt, but a guilty negligence, and is a sign of narrow mind and defective wisdom.”
― James Martineau, Tides of the Spirit: Selections from the Writings of James Martineau

“Silence will speak
If given an ear;

Stillness is the movement
Of our atmosphere;

Circles have sides
When we draw the line;

Death is sleep
In limited time.”
― Alaina Odessa

“The dead to the grave, the living to the loaf.”
― Miguel de Cervantes

“Let us be sure that the lady of our choice possesses certain tangible qualities that we admire; and if in other ways she falls short of our ideal, we must be patient and call to mind those qualities that first induced us to begin our courting.”
― Lady Murasaki Shikibu

“the only graceful way to accept an insult is to ignore it; if you cant ignore it, top it; if you cant top it, laugh at it; if you cant laugh at it, its probably deserved”
― Russell Lynes

“The essence of successful discipline is not technique; rather, it is self-confidence.”
― John Rosemond, A Family of Value

“If those at your top are weak, your bottom will be rotten”
― Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme

“It takes 43 muscles to frown and 3 to raise the middle finger.”
― Mariel

“Only be rebellious for good reasons.”
― Hannah B (Who is rebellious for everything)

“CAN is the enemy of DO.”
― Alaina Odessa

“Desire is the seed of potential.”
― Alaina Odessa

“... anyone can acquire wealth, the real art is giving it away.”
― Daisy Goodwin, The American Heiress

“The years I have squandered in puerile excitement, in going hither and thither, in seeking to force nature and time, I ought to have spent in solitude and meditation, in endeavoring to make myself worthy of being loved.”
― Théophile Gautier, Mademoiselle de Maupin

“There is no dishonor in wisdom.”
― James Welch

“I do not expect old heads on young shoulders.”
― C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters

“A wise person is like a smoothly polished rock: it takes time to become either.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“I want a man who knows something about himself. And is appalled. And has to forgive himself to get along.”
― Charles Percy Snow, The Masters

“Only those who row the boat make waves”
― Christina Dodd, Some Enchanted Evening

“There are three kind of history. The first is what really happened and that is forever lost. The second is what most people thought happened, and we can recover that with assiduous effort. The third is what the people in power wanted the future to think happened and that is 90 percent of the history in books.”
― Michael Gruber, The Book of Air and Shadows

“O Lord, I am further away from me than from You!”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“The best lessons learned are from other peoples mistakes.”
― Melissa L. Bradley

“We are often more treacherous through weakness than calculation”
― Francois De La Rochefoucault

“I was headed for an entire life spent alone, pitying myself for not being more, ignoring all those people who actually ask me to be more, because they see it in me.”
― Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe

“Would that death were like this. Would that one would sleep and sleep and sleep forever.”
― Anne Rice

“We should've been different breeds. There can only be one lion in a small cage. It's not important if the other lion is sleeping or crouching in the corner. The only important thing is that...it's a lion.”
― Seyoung Kim, Boy Princess, Volume 2

“That’s going to be your trouble — judgment about yourself.
(Tender is the Night)”
― Scott Fitzgerald

“One may enter the literary parlor via just about any door, be it the prison door, the madhouse door, or the brothel door. There is but one door one may not enter it through, which is the child room door. The critics will never forgive you such. The great Rudyard Kipling is one of a number of people to have suffered from this. I keep wondering to myself what this peculiar contempt towards anything related to childhood is all about.”
― Michael Ende

“He brooded on how close destruction always was to all creatures, animals as well as humans, and he realized that there is nothing we can predict or know for certain in this world except death.”
― Hermann Hesse, The Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse

“...a blink of an eye in itself is nothing. But the eye that blinks, that is something.”
― Chaim Potok

“How can you be one of the stars of heaven, when the stars are innumerable? What star number do you have?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“your first thought would send the power of Quantum physics into a hive of activity. your first thought, would inevitably become the destiny of the day”
― Andre Jordan

“Can I tell from the twilight from which the world is built that I am a sunrise in this life?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Life is easy. We make it hard.”
― Danny Wilson

“Don’t become bigoted about bigots.”
― Scott Ross

“I'll not go where there is any of that sort of thing going on, again. It's the sure way, and the only sure way;”
― Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson

“...the wise words of a friend and guide rang in my head. 'How would you distinguish a true servant of God from a traitor?...You should take especial notice of how a person speaks, not of other things, but of God.”
― Harry Blamires, Highway To Heaven

“Putuskan apa yang kau inginkan, dan berusahalah untuk menjadikannya kenyataan. Jangan sampai kau lupa hidup karena terlalu sibuk bermimpi”
― Peter O'Connor, When Tomorrow Comes & Seeking Daylight's End

“I love my old paintings as postulates as fresh starting points but I have to destroy them. I have to make a new manifesto.”
― Georg Baselitz

“Give love, take pride”
― Benny Bellamacina, Piddly poems for children vol:3

“Emptiness is this world’s greatest discovery. Who has chosen this kind world for us and why?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Es decir..., lo que yo creo es que el hombre piensa en el significado de la vida porque sabe con certeza que va morir algún día. (...) Nadie sabe lo que va a ocurrir. Por eso nosotros, para evolucionar necesitamos la muerte.”
― Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle

“Don’t try to visualize the great mass audience. There is no such audience—every reader is a different person.”
― William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide To Writing Nonfiction

“One thing, all things: move among and intermingle, without distinction. To live in this realization is to be without anxiety about non-perfection. To live in this faith is the road to non-duality, because the non-dual is one with the trusting mind.”
― Sengstan, Hsin Hsin Ming

“It would be a mistake, though, to consider care by family doctors or midwives inferior to that offered by obstetricians simply on the grounds that obstetricians need not refer care to a family physician or midwife if no complications develop during a course of labor.”
― Ina May Gaskin, Ina May's Guide to Childbirth

“For the unified mind in accord with the Way all self-centered striving ceases. Doubts and irresolutions vanish and life in true faith is possible. With a single stroke we are freed from bondage; nothing clings to us and we hold nothing. All is empty, clear, self-illuminating, with no exertion of the mind's power.”
― Sengstan, Hsin Hsin Ming

“Wisdom, itself, is often an abstraction associated not with fact or reality but with the man who asserts it and the manner of its assertion.”
― John Kenneth Galbraith, The Great Crash of 1929

“When thought is in bondage the truth is hidden, for everything is murky and unclear, and the burdensome practice of judging brings annoyance and weariness. What benefit can be derived from distinctions and separations?”
― Sengstan, Hsin Hsin Ming

“Stress the right of the individual to select only what he desires to know, to use any knowledge as he wishes, that he himself owns what he has learned.”
― L. Ron Hubbard

“In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.”
― Lord Chesterfield

“Even the best inborn potentialities for achievement do not render unnecessary patient and persistent practice.”
― Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control

“That vice has often proved an emancipator of the mind, is one of the most humiliating, but, at the same time, one of the most unquestionable facts in history.”
― W.E.H. Lecky, The Map of Life, Conduct, and Character

“Wenn man noch nicht den Menschen dienen kann, wie sollte man den Geistern dienen können?”
― Konfuzius, Gespräche

“You despise books; you whose lives are absorbed in the vanities of ambition, the pursuit of pleasure or indolence; but remember that all the known world, excepting only savage nations, is governed by books.”
― Voltaire

“I would like to believe in the myth that we grow wiser with age. In a sense my disbelief is wisdom. Those of a middle generation, if charitable or sentimental, subscribe to the wisdom myth, while the callous see us as dispensable objects, like broken furniture or dead flowers. For the young we scarcely exist unless we are unavoidable members of the same family, farting, slobbering, perpetually mislaying teeth and bifocals.”
― Patrick White, Three Uneasy Pieces

“There are occasions and causes, why and wherefore in all things.”
― W. Shakespeare

“On se réconcilie avec un ennemi qui nous est inférieur pour les qualités du coeur ou de l'esprit ; on ne pardonne jamais à celui qui nous surpasse par l'âme et le génie.”
― Chateaubriand

“Si quelques heures font une grande différence dans le cœur de l’homme, faut-il s’en étonner ? Il n’y a qu’une minute de la vie à la mort.”
― Chateaubriand

“We are often jealous of our little secrets, though to another ear they generally convey neither profit nor entertainment.”
― Eden Phillpotts, A Shadow Passes

“We will never be more that we have been destined to be! ”
― Sorin Cerin

“I have more wisdom than any books ever written in history of times, any scripture ever written which you rhyme but this is not my purpose.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“ No one can surely know what knowledge is without the presence of truth.”
― Sorin Cerin

“ The absolute truth is one for an infinity of possible relative truths which lie. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“In every bush lies a nest. ”
― Kensington Roth

“The ending can only start with the beginning and end with self estrangement, as to become once again his own/old self. This is why every man is a continuous ending. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“The confidence essential to effective habit-making comes as a rule from knowledge of previous and related successes.”
― Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control

“Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.”
― Francis Quarles

“... dançava para si mesmo, um homem nu entre cegos...”
― Christopher Rice

“Huius (sapientis) opus unum est de divinis humanisque verum invenire; ab hac numquam recedit religio, pietas, iustitia ...”
― Lucius Annaeus Seneca

“King Solomon's life reminds me
of wisdom, wealth, women, woes.”
― Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut

“The vaunted experience of age was perhaps only a matter of wounds and scarring -- that young minds to old minds might be as young bodies to old bodies: stronger, more vital, less twisted by damage.”
― Kim Stanley Robinson, Green Mars

“How does a woman gain such wisdom in only twenty-nine years?” Gordon asked, escorting her across the lawns toward the mansion.
“The same way a man does."
“Which is?"
Lady Keely cast him an ambiguous smile. “Either you are born with wisdom, my lord, or you make do
without it...”
― Patricia Grasso, Courting an Angel

“UNDIVIDED

I am for
One world undivided.
One world without fear and corruption.
One world ruled by Truth and Justice.

I am for
One peaceful world for all,
Where hate has been overcome by love,
And everyone is guided only
By their conscience.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Do your thoughts continue and repeat a cycle
Seed, growth, bloom, and seed again”
― Richard L. Ratliff

“SAYING OF SHEIKH ZIAUDIN:
Self-justification is worse than the original offence.”
― Idries Shah, The Way of the Sufi

“Wenn man noch nicht das Leben kennt, wie sollte man den Tod kennen.”
― Konfuzius, Gespräche

“In my experience, it is always worth it to find the love that lives inside you. No matter how deep you have to dig sometimes.”
― Scott Stabile

“The question is: do you want suffering or do you want peace? It's that simple.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“Old people have wisdom but not energy; young people have energy but not wisdom; energy and wisdom must be in the same body to create a much better civilisation! To do this, we will either give energy to the old or we will give wisdom to the young and for now the latter seems a more plausible action!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“It is like this: Some people care deeply but they don't know how to say it; then some people say words to make it seem like they care deeply, but in reality they don't. Some people care deeply only in the moment, like seeds which last in the soil for three days until dying out; and others can't see the moments, but their roots do run deep. Some people can imitate what it looks like to care deeply and they can fabricate that for a while though they never did feel anything on the inside of them; while others are incapable of showing outwardly how they feel on the inside, it is a monster they struggle with, their feelings so strong they cannot even let those beasts out of their cages, they fear their own creatures! Some people care deeply here, and over there, and all over the place, you never really know where they belong because they seem to belong to everyone and to everything; while others don't care about anybody but you can see where they belong, who they belong to, there is always this one person or those two people and small places. Some people belong to themselves only and if you want to be a part of their lives, you'll have to become a part of them and after you do, they will never leave you because you are inside of their bones now; while others don't even know who they are or where they're going and if you belong to someone like that, you could be here today and gone tomorrow! Some people don't care and don't act like they care and we don't believe them until they make us believe them; while others care and they act like they care and we don't believe them until it's too late. We are often wounded and torn, because we never know which kind of a person they are until we are either wounded and torn, or until we have found a home. It's either or, always either or, and neither of these outcomes are easy ones because either one will change your life.”
― C. JoyBell C.

“Show the youth the consequences of their actions and why they should choose wisely”
― Sunday Adelaja

“A genuine smile is one of the world’s rarest treasures.”
― Matshona Dhliwayo

“It’s all about reprogramming our minds to focus more on what brings us joy.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.”
― Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha

“THREE BASIC TRUTHS

Three things have a limited threshold:
Time, pain, and death.
While truth, love, and knowledge –
Are boundless.

Three things are needed
For humanity to co-exist:
Truth, peace and basic needs.
Everything else -
Is irrelevant.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style”
― Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today

“Prefiero, señor, obrar bien y fracasar, antes que triunfar con malas artes.
Palabras de Neoptólemo a Odiseo, en la tragedia griega Filoctetes.”
― Sófocles

“The more often a stupidity is repeated, the more it gets the appearance of wisdom.”
― Voltaire

“There is a depth to life which only comes from our connection to other people. However, we have to find it without becoming a prisoner.”
― Donna Goddard, Waldmeer

“Use time to create the nature of God in yourself”
― Sunday Adelaja

“If you read proverbs, you will find answers to every puzzle.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To fully communicate with people, you need to find tactics that would interest them”
― Sunday Adelaja

“You need to use the instrument that the people desire to captivate them back to things that are right”
― Sunday Adelaja

“I believe that this is the time to become warriors for peace and dialogue, not warmongers or mere worriers.”
― Lama Surya Das, Letting Go of the Person You Used to Be: Lessons on Change, Loss, and Spiritual Transformation

“To be productive, effective and to live a life of understanding and wisdom is not to waste time”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Knowing what to do with time is the first step to take when you lose your job”
― Sunday Adelaja

“Ego is like cyanide. Instantly kills dialogue. Always needs to be kept satisfied.”
― PRASOON, The Imperfect

“Don't feel the need to vent or complain, no matter how badly you would like to express your feelings. When it comes to speaking of those in power, always think of the consequences. Think about how those around you will perceive what you have to say. Will what you say be of advantage to you or will it hurt you in the end?”
― Bohdi Sanders, Defensive Living: The Other Side of Self-Defense

“If you want something, work for it. Prayer is super-fantstic, faith is 'mwah'! But work is necessary and important. So work for what you want.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah, THE HONEYMOON: A SACRED AND UNFORGETTABLE SAVOUR OF A BLISSFUL MARITAL JOURNEY

“Opportunities to share love and compassion are all around us. Its going to take an army of compassionate people to heal our world. How will you show yours?”
― Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment

“Hasta la vista, baby.”
― Arnold Schwarzenegger

“Knowing what to do with time is the key to being productive”
― Sunday Adelaja

“I can’t lie to you and tell you that standing in front of someone and offering them your soul and having them reject you is not gonna be one of the worst things that ever happens to you. You will wonder for days or weeks or months or years afterward what it is about you that was so wrong or broken or ugly that they couldn’t love you the way you loved them. You will look for all the reasons inside yourself that they didn’t want you and you will find a million.
Maybe it was the way you looked in the mornings when you first woke up and hadn’t showered. Maybe it was the way you were too available, because despite what everyone says, playing hard to get is still attractive.
Some days you will believe that every atom of your being is defective somehow. What you need to remember, as I remembered as I watched Grace Town leave, is that you are extraordinary.”
― Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts

“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“Accept the past as the past and realize that each new day you are a new person who doesn’t need to carry old baggage into the new day with you. It’s amazing how many people ruin the beauty of today with the sorrows of yesterday. Yesterday doesn’t exist anymore! For example, if ever I feel foolish or guilty about something I’ve done, I learn from it and attempt to do better the next time. Shame or guilt serves no one. Such feelings actually keep us down, often lowering the vibrations of those around us, as well. Living in the present moment is the recurring baptism of the soul, forever purifying every new day with a new you.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“You have to understand yourself before you can understand anything else.”
― Amy Zhang, This Is Where the World Ends

“Anything that comes your way by force was not meant for you. Everything that locates you on it's own was yours and will be yours forever.”
― Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims

“Whether we walk among our people or alone among the hills, happiness in life's walking depends on how we feel about others in our hearts.”
― Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World

“In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“Feeling guilt dims our light. Instead of dimming our light to make others feel more comfortable, we could just continue to shine and foster the rise of the vibrations of those around us.

Being Happy and Feeling Good does not mean you have no compassion for the misery of those around you. It simply means you won’t dim your light to make them feel comfortable – instead, you’re going to help light the way.

At first, your light may be a bit too bright for others and it may hurt their eyes, yet it’s far better to shine rather than to hide your light. When you hide your light for too long, it extinguishes and you slip right back into darkness…unable to find your way until someone ‘shiny’ comes along to light your way and help you to find the light you still possess within, your Soul’s Magnificence.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“Avoid selling to dumb customers, there aren't enough left!”
― Jasleen Kaur Gumber

“Be honest. This applies to every area of your life. Sketchiness is not an attractive trait. No more trying to cover up your baggage, sweeping things under the rug, withholding truth, blatant lying, or even telling seemingly ‘harmless’ white lies or half-truths – release the need to lie completely! Start NOW.”
― Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace: Essential Teachings for Enriching Life

“It doesn't matter what you think about consciousness, higher truths, or different dimensions - it's what you do and what you are that counts.”
― Belsebuub

“It is not Sufism if it does not perform its function for you. A cloak is no longer a cloak if it does not keep a man warm.”
― Idries Shah, Thinkers of the East

“As Hegel said, tragedy was not the conflict between right and wrong but right and right, a dilemma none of us who wanted to participate in history could escape. The major had the right to live, and I was right to kill him. Wasn't I?”
― Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer

“Remember that we're living in a place that is temporary. No matter what you believe in the end of time I don't care about it. As of now.. live your life, cut those negative thoughts and actions, reach your dreams and goals.”
― Jayson Engay

“I am no wise man. Every day shows me how little I know about life, and how wrong I can be. But there are things I know to be true. I know I will die. And I know that the only sane response to such a horror is to love.”
― Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes

“There is a knowledge that is beyond the mind and the intellect, it is the wisdom of consciousness.”
― Belsebuub

“Wisdom is not increased by acquiring more information, but by increasing the capacity of seeing.”
― Belsebuub, Gazing into the Eternal: Reflections upon a Deeper Purpose to Living

“People keeps on complaining, but they're not doing anything about the things that they're complaining about.”
― Jayson Engay

“Saying of the Prophet. The Bequest: I have nothing to leave you except my family.”
― Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams

“It is not possible to be seduced by the lure of ego-gratification or intimidated by the tyranny of imposters when we know that we are as the angels. We are loved beyond comprehension. So, we must claim our rightful inheritance and live with the confidence of protection.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“Wise individuals frequently say very little, but what they do say hits the mark. Such remarks often remain in the mind of the recipient for a long time, possibly a lifetime.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Being Loving

“O Heavenly Children, the stories you have concocted in God's name have angered Him; for he would never instigate war between brothers, or encourage tribes to harbor resentment towards one another. He prefers the man who loves over the one who hates. And the man who spreads kindness, peace and knowledge, over the one who spreads lies, fear and terror — and misuses His name.”
― Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem

“I have suffered great losses and have been blessed with great consolations, but whatever life may give me or take away, this is the simple wisdom that will always light my life: I have loved, passionately, fearlessly, with all my heart and all my soul, and I have been loved in return. For me, this is enough.”
― Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes

“The science of decision-making is to make sure there is an effective decision process in place.”
― Pearl Zhu, Decision Master: The Art and Science of Decision Making

“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“can't unscramble the egg no matter your wisdom and determination”
― Kaleb Kilton

“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
― Compton Gage

“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
― Compton Gage

“When one feels oneself smitten by love for a woman, one ought to say to oneself, “What are her surroundings? What has been her life? All one’s future happiness lies in the answer.”
― Marcel Proust , Swann's Way

“Every time we choose our past over our present we kill our future.”
― TemitOpe Ibrahim

“You cannot explore the universe if you think that you are the center of it.”
― Joshua Suya Pelicano

“You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Your actions will always be what the world sees, but people who choose to see through God's eyes will always have the compassion to understand why.”
― Shannon L. Alder

“Don't be so loyal to your mind; the mind is not loyal to You.”
― Bert McCoy

“Sorrow is knowledge: they who know the most must mourn the deepest o’er the fatal truth, the Tree of Knowledge is not that of Life.”
― George Gordon Byron, Manfred

“Good...if you've done things you aren't proud of. It means you have a conscience.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“To theology, ... only what it holds sacred is true, whereas to philosophy, only what holds true is sacred.”
― Ludwig Feuerbach, Lectures on the Essence of Religion

“The only wisdom we can hope to acquire
Is the wisdom of humility: humility is endless.”
― T.S. Eliot, Four Quartets

“Love keeps no record of wrongs, but bitterness keeps detailed accounts.”
― Craig Groeschel, The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist

“To be incapable of taking one’s enemies, one’s accidents, even one’s misdeeds seriously for very long - that is the sign of strong full natures in whom there is an excess of power to form, to mold, to recuperate and to forget. Mirabeau had no memory for insults and vile actions done to him and was unable to forgive simply because he - forgot. Such a man shakes off with a single shrug the many vermin that eat deep into others.”
― Friedrich Nietzsche On the Genealogy of Morals

“You are conditioned to believe that if you let go, if you surrender, you will either be a victim of circumstances and not assertive in your own being, or you will be viewed as being lazy, lacking in willpower, and un-motivated.

Yet will and power cannot exist alongside one another. Motivation does not come into question when you surrender fully into the present moment. Motivation to do, to take action, to make moves, comes naturally from this surrender.”
― Kelly Martin, When Everyone Shines But You - Saying Goodbye To I'm Not Good Enough

“If wine is the enemy of religion, I shall devour the enemy of religion.”
― Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action

“Let the love of the moon kiss you good night,
let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.”
― Debasish Mridha

“The function of a nutrient is to become transmuted, not to leave unaltered traces.”
― Idries Shah, The Sufis

“Am I a man of great wisdom? Hardly! Even when a simple person brings me a question, my mind goes utterly blank, I just thrash it out until I’ve exhausted every possibility.”
― Confucius, The Analects

“Haste is from the Devil.”
― Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams

“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”
― Dewayne Owens

“First knowledge is the knowledge of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“You must feed yourself the truth because the world is sure to serve you lies.”
― Serina Hernandez

“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind

“Devotion to God, righteousness and wisdom, will keep us safe on earth.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!

“If believing were simple, then this world wouldn’t be in the mess that it is today.”
― M.K. Clinton, The Returns

“It's simple, it's not that simple; or life is simple, but the things in it are not. When a man does not understand it, he tends to inflate it. When he does, he tends to deflate it. In the end, neither images are fully accurate.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“We do not receive wisdom, we must discover it for ourselves, after a journey through the wilderness which no one else can make for us, which no one else can spare us, for our wisdom is the point of view from which we come at last to regard the world. The lives that you admire, the attitudes that seem noble to you, have not been shaped by paterfamilias or a schoolmaster, they have sprung from very different beginnings, having been influenced by everything evil or commonplace that prevailed round about them. They represent a struggle and a victory. I can see that picture of what we were at an earlier stage may not be recognisable and cannot, certainly, be pleasing to contemplate in later life. But we must not repudiate it, for it is a proof that we have really lived, that it is in accordance with the laws of life and of the mind that we have, from the common elements of life, of the life of studios, of artistic groups—assuming one is a painter—extracted something that transcends them.”
― Marcel Proust

“We may regard certain days as free days. Free days are however fee days. We will pay later”
― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer In You: dare to do the undone

“It’s less a matter of looking the other way than of closing our eyes to what we can’t stop from happening.”
― Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha

“hope is just a feeling...will is the real thing....”
― Parag Tipnis

“A proof once established is better left so.”
― Mark Twain, The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg

“What's so magical about solitude? In many fields, Ericsson told me, it's only when you're alone that you can engage in Deliberate Practice, which he has identified as the key to exceptional achievement. When you practice deliberately, you identify the tasks or knowledge that are just out of your reach, strive to upgrade your performance, monitor your progress, and revise accordingly. Practice sessions that fall short of this standard are not only less useful - they're counterproductive. They reinforce existing cognitive mechanisms instead of improving them.”
― Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking

“Palestina ni nchi ya Waisraeli waliyopewa na Mungu wa Yakobo. Hata hivyo, hawakutimiza masharti. Mungu aliwaagiza kuua kila mtu katika nchi ya Kaanani na miji yake yote. Waisraeli, wakiongozwa na Yoshua, waliua watu wengi katika nchi ya Kaanani. Hawakuua kila mtu katika miji ya Ashdodi, Gathi na Ukanda wa Gaza kama walivyoagizwa. Mungu alimwambia Ibrahimu kuwa angempa yeye na uzao wake nchi ya Kaanani kuwa milki yao ya milele, na kuwa Yeye ndiye angekuwa Mungu wao daima. Vita ya Israeli na Palestina itamalizwa na Mungu. Itamalizwa na hekima.”
― Enock Maregesi

“There comes a moment in history when ignorance is no longer a forgivable offense... a moment when only wisdom has the power to absolve. - Bertrand Zobrist”
― Dan Brown, Inferno

“Never rebel for the sake of rebelling, but always rebel for the sake of truth.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Always take a compliment, Caroline. Always take it for the way it was intended. You girls are always so quick to twist what others say. Simply say thank you and move on.”
― Alice Clayton, Wallbanger

“When you are posessed by evil spirits, it is crafty manipulations that you follow; but when you are posessed by the Holy Spirit of God, it is wise discretions you pursue!”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“I've come to the point where I never feel the need to stop and evaluate whether or not I am happy. I'm just 'being', and without question, by default, it works.”
― Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality

“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
― Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words

“When you optimize your talents very well, you can pick money from people's pockets and nobody will ever get the guts to call you a thief.”
― Israelmore Ayivor

“My father used to tell me that stories offer the listener a chance to escape but, more importantly, he said, they provide people with a chance to maximize their minds. Suspend ordinary constraints, allow the imagination to be freed, and we are charged with the capability of heighetned thought.
Learn to use your eyes as if they are your ears, he said, and you become connected with the ancient heritage of man, a dream world for the waking mind.”
― Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams

“It Hurts...It Kills...It Teaches...
It Thrills...“IT” Is LIFE...!”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“In meetings philosophy might work,
on the field practicality works.”
― Amit Kalantri

“Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!
Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,
& Sharing the success with all!”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“There is no Jesus without Judas, no Martin Luther King, Jr., without the Klan; no Ali without Joe Frazier; no freedom without tyranny. No wisdom exists that does not include perspective. Relativity is the greatest gift.”
― Chris Crutcher, King of the Mild Frontier: An Ill-Advised Autobiography

“Herein lies the supreme wisdom, human and divine; and the task of philosophy consists in teaching men to submit joyously to Necessity which hears nothing and is indifferent to all.”
― Lev Shestov, Athens and Jerusalem

“You should always listen to minotaurs. Anybody with four stomachs has to have a firm grip on reality.”
― Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two

“When I visited George Bernard Shaw, in 1948, at his home in Aylot, a suburb of London, he was extremely anxious for me to tell him all that I knew about Ingersoll. During the course of the conversation, he told me that Ingersoll had made a tremendous impression upon him, and had exercised an influence upon him probably greater than that of any other man. He seemed particularly anxious to impress me with the importance of Ingersoll's influence upon his intellectual endeavors and accomplishments.

In view of this admission, what percentage of the greatness of Shaw belongs to Ingersoll? If Ingersoll's influence upon so great an intellect as George Bernard Shaw was that extensive, what must have been his influence upon others?

What seed of wisdom did he plant into the minds of others, and what accomplishments of theirs should be attributed to him? The world will never know.

What about the countless thousands from whom he lifted the clouds of darkness and fear, and who were emancipated from the demoralizing dogmas and creeds of ignorance and superstition?

What will be Ingersoll's influence upon the minds of future generations, who will come under the spell of his magic words, and who will be guided into the channels of human betterment by the unparalleled example of his courageous life?

The debt the world owes Robert G. Ingersoll can never be paid.”
― Joseph Lewis, Ingersoll the Magnificent

“There is some advantage in having imagination, since that visionary faculty opens the mental eyes to facts that more practical and duller intellects could never see.”
― E.D.E.N. Southworth, Capitola's Peril

“The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best...
For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever,
A battle for the rest..”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“Growth comes from God, to those with surrendered, yielded hearts.”
― Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus

“Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE...!”
― Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!

“Knowledge unlocks the door to the mysteries of our mistakes; wisdom guides us away from repeating them". HS/el”
― Evinda Lepins, Back to Single

“Knowledge is knowing the depth of the ocean. Wisdom is knowing till where to swim.”
― Saleem Sharma

“In 1881, being on a visit to Boston, my wife and I found ourselves in the Parker House with the Ingersoll's, and went over to Charleston to hear him lecture. His subject was 'Some Mistakes of Moses,' and it was a memorable experience. Our lost leaders, -- Emerson, Thoreau, Theodore Parker, -- who had really spoken to disciples rather than to the nation, seemed to have contributed something to form this organ by which their voice could reach the people. Every variety of power was in this orator, -- logic and poetry, humor and imagination, simplicity and dramatic art, moral and boundless sympathy. The wonderful power which Washington's Attorney-general, Edmund Randolph, ascribed to Thomas Paine of insinuating his ideas equally into learned and unlearned had passed from Paine's pen to Ingersoll's tongue. The effect on the people was indescribable. The large theatre was crowded from pit to dome. The people were carried from plaudits of his argument to loud laughter at his humorous sentences, and his flexible voice carried the sympathies of the assembly with it, at times moving them to tears by his pathos.

{Conway's thoughts on the great Robert Ingersoll}”
― Moncure Daniel Conway, My Pilgrimage to the Wise Men of the East

“A Sufi will say – Everything is beautiful, even the dirt that clings beneath my feet.”
― Zarina Bibi

“You can't always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less”
― Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems

“Wisdom is indispensable in the fulfillment of purpose".”
― Osiri Wisdom

“If everyone bows in front of your wisdom, your greatest wisdom will be to tell them not to bow!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“អ្នកត្រូវតែជាអ្នកផ្លាស់ប្ដូរដែលអ្នកចង់ឃើញពិភពលោក។”
― Mahatma Gandhi, Quotes of Gandhi

“Fish for a man, he'll eat for a day, don't teach him to de-bone that fish, You may not have to worry about him tomorrow!”
― V. Pain

“Without living the most chaotic internal storms, you can’t get the calmness of the wisdom! Wisdom is the child of the storm.”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Wise men are not pacifists; they are merely less likely to jump up and retaliate against their antagonizers. They know that needless antagonizers are virtually already insecure enough.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“... what you think is right isn't the same as knowing what is right.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“The way you see people is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is what they become.”
― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“People often speak of hell, not wanting to go there, avoiding it..etc. I never had that problem because hell is a state of mind. Look around you; rape, murder, wars, hatred, envy...my friend; you're already there!!”
― Sandra Chami Kassis

“Даже и най-скъпият часовник има само 60 минути в час”
― Чудомир

“A noble leader answers not to the trumpet calls of self promotion, but to the hushed whispers of necessity.”
― Mollie Marti

“High above the noise and fear mongering of critics and cynics softly speaks your true self.”
― Mollie Marti

“In science, mistakes always precede the truth.”
― Horace Walpole

“Whatever can be threatened, whatever can be shaken, whatever you fear cannot stand, is destined to crash. Do not go down with the ship. Let that which is destined to become the past slip away. Believe that the real you is that which beckons from the future. If it is a sadder you, it will be a wiser one. And dawn will follow the darkness sooner or later. Rebirth can never come without death.”
― Robert M. Price

“There is only one thing which is generally safe from plagiarism -- self-denial.”
― G.K. Chesterton, The Collected Works of G.K. Chesterton Volume 29: The Illustrated London News, 1911-1913

“Yesterday I was clever,
That is why I wanted to change the world.
Today I am wise,
That is why I am changing myself.”
― Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace

“To recognize our bias toward error should teach us modesty and reflection, and to forgive it should help us avoid the inhumanity of thinking we ourselves are not as fallible as those who, in any instance, seem most at fault. Science can give us knowledge, but it cannot give us wisdom. Nor can religion, until it puts aside nonsense and distraction and becomes itself again.”
― Marilynne Robinson

“Man was designed in a way in which he must eat in order to give him a solid reason to go to work everyday. This helps to keep him out of trouble. God is wise.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Freedom flourishes upon the bedrock of ethics and integrity.”
― Mollie Marti

“Our physical world seems ready and able to accommodate the needs of the spiritually awakened new Superhuman. The constraints or demands of our material world are not the real problem; it is our own spiritual awareness and philosophical wisdom that is lagging behind.”
― Anthon St. Maarten, Divine Living: The Essential Guide To Your True Destiny

“If she could no longer be called beautiful, she possessed something better-a knowledge of beauty; it’s inflated value, it’s inevitable loss.”
― Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl

“Magic is a dangerous thing, child. It isn’t something to use lightly.”
― Kevis Hendrickson

“A people religiously right, will not long remain politically wrong.”
― William Arnot, Studies in Proverbs: Laws from Heaven for Life on Earth

“Keep secret things secret and they will serve you the better!”
― Kevis Hendrickson

“It is only the brave who win life’s rewards. Those who don’t overcome their fears are destined to fail at even the least things.”
― Kevis Hendrickson

“I consider myself a green party supporter...because green represents my favorite color other than clear. And I met a guy who was running for the green party this one time, and he seemed like he had a great head on his shoulders for a homeless guy.”
― Vernon D. Burns

“Ако животните имаха разум, те също биха вършили глупости като хората.”
― Чудомир

“if the important thing is not to win but to complete then was not punctual invented.”
― knight mayor

“Can you believe we still around?after so many hit the ground and we ain't gon' stop now until we get that wisdom”
― knight mayor

“Art is art. You can take it or leave it. Liking it or not liking it does not make you a better person, and who you like or dislike results in the same thing.”
― Trent Zelazny

“The wise men posit questions to which they may not always find immediate answers, but through their reflections God stimulates man in his search for truth - which in the last analysis is a search for God himself.”
― University of Navarre, The Navarre Bible: Wisdom Books

“Gently guide the tender vine else it become wild, tangled and impossible.”
― Kathryn Hall, Plant Whatever Brings You Joy: Blessed Wisdom from the Garden

“Baxter knows a lot more than I do, I told her.
Yes, said Baxter, but I will never tell people all of it.”
― Alasdair Gray, Poor Things

“A Guardian is only as strong as its Muse.”
― Susie M. Hanley, Muse

“The waters of spirituality are forever changing and forever constant. Prejudice or fixed ideas can only weigh you down and remove you from the flow. - The Book of Metanoia (D. Williamsen)”
― Dannye Williamsen

“Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“If you boil it down, just because someone else does the wrong thing we are not exempt from doing what’s right.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“Dont brag about being perfect..imperfections are what makes you attractive..”
― Sandra Chami Kassis

“It is unfortunate that in most cases when the sins of the father fall on the son it is because unlike God, people refuse to forgive and forget and heap past wrongs upon innocent generations.”
― E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly,

“Who can tell truth from falsehood any more?
I say it, and you feel it in your hearts:
no man or woman on this big small earth.
How should our sages miss the mark of life,
and our most skillful players lose the game?
your hearts will tell you, as my heart has told me:
because all know, and no one understands.”
― E.E. Cummings

“Johannes had once said that violence and cruelty were just a stupid person's way of making himself felt, because it was easer to use your hands to strike a blow than to use your brain to find a logical and just solution to the problem.”
― Anne Holm, I Am David

“Your greatest responsibility is to live a life that nourishes your highest truth.”
― Mollie Marti

“[Y]ou are here to learn something. Don’t try to figure out what it is. This can be frustrating and unproductive.”
― Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell

“Cara: I used to believe everything my brother told me, because he was older and I figured he knew more about the world. But as it turns out, being a grown-up doesn't mean you're fearless. It just means you fear different things.”
― Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf

“In order to resist fear and discouragement, it is necessary that through prayer - through a personal experience of God re-encountered, recognized and loved in prayer - we taste and see how good the Lord is (Psalm 34).”
― Jacques Philippe, Searching for and Maintaining Peace: A Small Treatise on Peace of Heart

“A wise teacher learns in the midst of teaching; a wise student teaches in the midst of learning.”
― Mollie Marti

“Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic”
― Benny Bellamacina

“There is no adversity that cannot bear a gift and no gift that cannot bring adversity.”
― Mollie Marti

“...it is never safe to classify the souls of one's neighbors; one is apt, in the long run, to be proved a fool. You should regard each meeting with a friend as a sitting he is unwillingly giving you for a portrait -- a portrait that, probably, when you or he die, will still be unfinished. And, though this is an absorbing pursuit, nevertheless, the painters are apt to end pessimists. For however handsome and merry may be the face, however rich the background, in the first rough sketch of each portrait, yet with every added stroke of the brush, with every tiny readjustment of the 'values,' with every modification of the chiaroscuro, the eyes looking out at you grow more disquieting. And, finally, it is your own face that you are staring at in terror, as in a mirror by candle-light, when all the house is still.”
― Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist

“It makes no sense to compare yourself with others because there will always be better & worse people than you out there. Each person has his own path to make. You are where you are now. Could you reach for the stars & have everything you want? realistically no. You may not win Olympic Gold in London 2012 , or be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company etc but you most definitely have the capacity to make YOUR life as the Masterpiece it could really be. The choice is yours...”
― Pablo

“This, then, is held to be the duty of the man of wealth: To set an example of modest, unostentatious living, shunning display or extravagance; to provide moderately for the legitimate wants of those dependent on him; and, after doing so, to consider all surplus revenues which come to him simply as trust funds, which he is called upon to administer, and strictly bound as a matter of duty to administer in the manner which, in his judgement, is best calculated to produce the most beneficial results for the community--the man of wealth thus becoming the mere trustee and agent for his poorer brethren, bringing to their service his superior wisdom, experience, and ability to administer, doing for them better than they would or could do for themselves.”
― Andrew Carnegie

“We losers don't fear death. For us it's the end of a lifelong losing spell.”
― Dakota Dawn

“Mastery is the breeding ground of fresh, creative passion.”
― Mollie Marti

“In the dark , everything is scary”
― Sandra Chami Kassis

“Question everything, unless it's the answer”
― Benny Bellamacina

“If your dreams seem to be drifting away, wake up!”
― Benny Bellamacina

“When the wisdom speaks, be quite and listen! When the stupidity speaks, stand up and leave!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“There was a considerable difference between the ages of my parents, but this circumstance seemed to unite them only closer in bonds of devoted affection.”
― Mary Shelley, Frankenstein

“On the road to wisdom, behave like a raven and observe everything carefully!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“In school, it got so that Elijah learned to talk his way out of anything, gave great long speeches so that his words snaked themselves like vines around the nuns until they could no longer move, [...].”
― Joseph Boyden, Three Day Road

“Listen with your heart, listen to your inner voice of wisdom, listen to your dreams. You know what is right for you.”
― Cheryl Hamada

“For a moment David was tempted to think that perhaps there were no good people at all outside concentration camps, but then he reminded himself of the sailor and Angelo and the English people who might have been ignorant but were certainly not bad.”
― Anne Holm

“Yes, he had made a good choice after all when he had chosen the God of the green pasture and the still waters! He was very powerful, and the fact that He expected you to think for yourself and do something in return for His help did not matter, as long as you could work things out.”
― Anne Holm

“The world is a different place in this new century, [...]. And we are a different people. My visions still come but no one listens any longer to what they tell us, what they warn us. I knew even as a young woman that destruction bred on the horizon. [...] War touches everyone, and windigos spring from the earth.”
― Joseph Boyden THREE DAY ROAD p 45

“Create a wisdom and share it with others; in return, don’t wait for anything, not even a simple thanks, because expecting something in return does not belong to the wisdom!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Seek and see all the marvels around you. You will get tired of looking at yourself alone, and that fatigue will make you deaf and blind to everything else. - Don Juan”
― Carlos Castaneda, The Teachings of Don Juan: A Yaqui Way of Knowledge

“You never understand life until it grows inside of you.”
― Sandra Chami Kassis

“One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.”
― Josh Billings

“If you succeed in judging yourself rightly, then you are indeed a man of true wisdom.”
― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

“The worship of power is an old religion.”
― George Santayana

“Why is wisdom so fair? Why is beauty so wise?

Because all else is temporary, while beauty and wisdom are the only real and constant aspects of truth that can be perceived by human means.

And I don't mean the kind of surface beauty that fades with age, or the sort of shallow wisdom that gets lost in platitudes.

True beauty grips your gut and squeezes your lungs, and makes you see with utmost clarity exactly what is before you.

True wisdom then steps in, to interpret, illuminate, and form a life-altering insight.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“My friend Madea has "attitude" that comes with wisdom. Back in our teens and twenties, we thought we knew everything and made all those foolish mistakes. Then, when we got a little older, at thirty, we started getting these flashes of light, revelations of what a great and lucky thing it is that we didn't get caught doing those stupid things back then. Around forty, if we are lucky, we stop lying to ourselves. Fifty and above, we've run out of patience for foolishness. Take me to the bottom line.”
― Tyler Perry, Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings: Madea's Uninhibited Commentaries on Love and Life

“You are as much able as you know”
― Imam Ali ibn Abu Talib

“Head knowledge is worthless, unless accompanied by submission of the will and right action.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ

“Saat kita dibenci, itu berarti kita menonjol di antara yang lain.”
― Yoshichi Shimada, Saga no Gabai Bachan - Nenek Hebat dari Saga

“Wisdom is nothing more than the marriage of intelligence and compassion.

And, as with all good unions, it takes much experience and time to reach its widest potential.

Have you introduced your intellect to your compassion yet? Be careful; lately, intellect has taken to eating in front of the TV and compassion has taken in too many cats.”
― Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration

“When wiggling through a hole
the world looks different than
when scrubbed clean by the wiggle
and looking back.”
― Mark Nepo

“[T]he wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile.”
― Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol

“The greater puzzle of universal wisdom and beauty that we have strived to honor through our work includes the profound legacies of world artistic and spiritual traditions, the innate integrity of human communities where people seek to live in social harmony, and that regenerative stream of life sustained upon the earth itself as it spins through the cosmos to the music of the spheres.”
― Luther E. Vann, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love

“An unwise advisor cannot hope to advise wisely.”
― T. A. Miles, Six Celestial Swords

“So I learned then, that gold in it's native state is but dull, unornamental stuff, and that only low-born metals excite the admiration of the ignorant with an ostentatious glitter. However, like the rest of the world, I still go underrating men of gold and glorifying men of mica. Commonplace human nature cannot rise above that.”
― Mark Twain, Roughing It, Vol 1

“No art takes places without inspiration. Every artist also needs effective knowledge of his or her tools (e.g., does a certain brush function well with a particular kind of paint?). What’s more, artists need effective techniques for using those tools.

Likewise, to express ourselves skillfully with maximum efficiency and minimum effort, we need to investigate the most effective ways of using the mind and body since, in the end, they are the only “tools” we truly possess in life.”
― H. E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation

“What sets humans apart from animals is that we have to walk around saying how smart we are, and animals just live their lives.”
― Chanctetinyea J. J. Ouellette

“The things we hate about ourselves aren't more real than things we like about ourselves.”
― Ellen Goodman

“Humankind has accumulated generation upon generation of knowledge, the culmination of which is the vast and useful technological array we see everywhere in modern society. Despite this great accumulation of knowledge and technology, we still suffer from starvation and war. The difference between the past and the present is the difference between throwing rocks and shooting missiles. We are still in conflict. Suffering on a fundamental level hasn’t ceased. But we nevertheless persist in the notion that if we just amass a bit more knowledge, we’ll all be o.k. Maybe a new philosophy will do the trick, or a new system of government. But all of this has been tried many times.

Knowledge builds on the past and has its place. Wisdom is beyond time. It’s the direct perception of reality as it is. And in this direct seeing of what is lies the potential of transformation—a transformation that is not merely a redecoration of the past but a transformation of humanity that embodies the eternally new.”
― H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation

“Author says her father was so diplomatic that when people came to him for solutions, people not only accepted them, but they believed they thought of them.”
― Immaculee Ilibagiza, Left to Tell: Discovering God Amidst the Rwandan Holocaust

“Kingsley nodded. 'Of course. Sophia always did say wisdom had to be earned.”
― Melissa de la Cruz, The Van Alen Legacy

“Don't worry much about the after-life, Just like you don't worry about your before-Life. Worry (and be grateful) about THIS life. This one DOES count”
― Pablo

“Good man and bad man with money goes a long ways." ~ Amunhotep El Bey”
― Amunhotep El Bey, The Quotations Book of life and Death

“It is worth remembering one of the important lessons of the Buck story: a small number of zealous advocates can have an impact on the law that defies both science and conventional wisdom.”
― Paul A. Lombardo, Three Generations, No Imbeciles: Eugenics, the Supreme Court, and Buck v. Bell

“الأشخاص العظام يناقشون الأفكار، والأشخاص العاديون يناقشون الأشياء، أما الأشخاص الصغار، فإنهم يناقشون الأشخاص.”
― مجهول

“Once in a very long time you come across a book that is far, far more than the ink, the glue and the paper, a book that seeps into your blood.

With such a book the impact isn't necessarily obvious at first...but the more you read it and re-read it, and live with it, and travel with it, the more it speaks to you, and the more you realize that you cannot live without that book. It's then that the wisdom hidden inside, the seed, is passed on.”
― Tahir Shah, Travels With Myself

“We shall live to die once more.”
― Sandra Chami Kassis

“That was one of the inherent flaws of faith. Belief without knowing. But worse yet: belief without action. It could be good in its own right. Beautiful, even, when embraced, but that had to be measured. Checked. Too many surrendered themselves to it. What they did not see was simple fact. Religion did not bring peace. It merely offered a means. It was up to man to create peace.”
― Chris Galford, The Hollow March

“Unless you want a horrible surprise, never go bird watching with an open mouth.”
― Kent Allan Rees, Molly Withers and the Golden Tree

“The world is fairly studded and strewn with pennies cast broadside by a generous hand. But- and this is the point- who gets excited by a mere penny? But if you cultivate a healthy poverty and simplicity, so that finding a penny will literally make your day, then, since the world is in fact planted in pennies, you have with your poverty bought a lifetime of days.”
― Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek

“Take away from love the fullness of self surrender, the completeness of personal commitment, and what remains will be a total denial and negation of it.”
― Pope John Paul II, Love and Responsibility

“Did not learned men, too, hold, till within the last twenty-five years, that a flying dragon was an impossible monster? And do we not now know that there are hundreds of them found fossil up and down the world? People call them Pterodactyles: but that is only because they are ashamed to call them flying dragons, after denying so long that flying dragons could exist.”
― Charles Kingsley, The Water Babies

“At any given moment there is an orthodoxy, a body of ideas of which it is assumed that all right-thinking people will accept without question. It is not exactly forbidden to say this, that or the other, but it is “not done” to say it… Anyone who challenges the prevailing orthodoxy finds himself silenced with surprising effectiveness. A genuinely unfashionable opinion is almost never given a fair hearing, either in the popular press or in the high-brow periodicals.”
― George Orwell

“There are 1,198,500,000 people alive now in China.
To get a feel for what that means, simply take yourself - in all your singularity, importance, complexity, and love - and multiply by 1,198,500,000.
See? Nothing to it.”
― Annie Dillard, For the Time Being

“Knowledge and book learning are not wisdom," said the captain.

"Is this book wisdom?" asked Lucy, putting the manuscript back on the table.

"It has some elements of wisdom in it, me dear," replied the captain. "I did not lead a very wise life myself but it was a full one and a grown-up one. You come to age very often through shipwreck and disaster, and at the heart of the whirlpool some men find God.”
― R.A. Dick, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir

“I have no doubt that in reality the future will be vastly more surprising than anything I can imagine. Now my own suspicion is that the Universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose.”
― J.B.S. Haldane , Possible Worlds

“Il ne fait aucun doute pour moi que la sagesse est le but principal de la vie et c'est pourquoi je reviens toujours aux stoïciens. Ils ont atteint la sagesse, on ne peut donc plus les appeler des philosophes au sens propre du terme. De mon point de vue, la sagesse est le terme naturel de la philosophie, sa fin dans les deux sens du mot. Une philosophie finit en sagesse et par là même disparaît.”
― Emil Cioran, Oeuvres

“Understanding the true nature of things, or seeing things as they really are, is the ground of wisdom.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“…one half of her should not be always so much wiser than the other half…”
― Jane Austen, Persuasion

“A wise man, once he is past fifty, does not befuddle his senses with strong drink, nor make violent love in the cool spring night, nor dance on his hands.”
― Frans G. Bengtsson, The Long Ships

“The Theist tells us that the truth is god exists,
the Atheist tells us that the truth is there is no god,
while the truth tells us we don't know.”
― Kodai Okuda

“Tout bonheur est un chef-d'oeuvre: la moindre erreur le fausse, la moindre hésitation l'altère, la moindre lourder le dépare, la moindre sottise l'abêtit.”
― Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian

“The testimony of the greatest humans who have ever lived is that the way to make the most of ourselves is by transcending ourselves. We must learn to move beyond self-centeredness to make room within ourselves for others. When you transcend yourself, the fact will be confirmed by the quality of your life. We will attain – even if only momentarily – a transparency and a radiance of being which results from living both within and beyond yourself. This is the promise and the excitement of self-understanding.”
― Don Richard Riso

“At the time of Lewis and Clark, setting the prairies on fire was a well-known signal that meant, ‘Come down to the water.’ It was an extravagant gesture, but we can’t do less. If the landscape reveals one certainty, it is that the extravagant gesture is the very stuff of creation. After the extravagant gesture of creation in the first place, the universe has continued to deal exclusively in extravagances, flinging intricacies and colossi down aeons of emptiness, heaping profusions on profligacies with ever fresh vigor. The whole show has been on fire from the word go. I come down to the water to cool my eyes. But everywhere I look, I see fire: that which isn’t flint is tinder, and the whole world sparks and flames.”
― Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek

“Peace can be found within, no matter the external circumstances.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“One of the best ways to support the development of patience is to cultivate happiness with yourself.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“Patience is supported & nurtured by a quality of forgiveness.”
― Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living

“من ذا الذى يستطيع أن يفصح عن مكنون نفسه بمجرد الكلمات”
― محمد المنسى قنديل ؛ قمر على سمرقند

“In my opinion, it was chiefly owing to their deep contemplation in their silent retreats in the days of youth that the old Indian orators acquired the habit of carefully arranging their thoughts.

They listened to the warbling of birds and noted the grandeur and the beauties of the forest. The majestic clouds—which appear like mountains of granite floating in the air—the golden tints of a summer evening sky, and the changes of nature, possessed a mysterious significance.

All of this combined to furnish ample matter for reflection to the contemplating youth.”
― Francis Assikinack (Blackbird)

“With infinite wisdom and care your life is constantly sustained because Nature flows through you.”
― Michael J. Cohen, The World Peace University Field Guide to Connecting With Nature

“If your treated like a puppet find a new ball of string”
― Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children

“Really to believe in human nature while striving to know the thousand forces that warp it from its ideal development-to call for and expect much from men and women, and not to be disappointed
and embittered if they fall short- to try to do good with people rather than to them- this is my religion on its human side. And if God exists, I think that he must be in the warm sun, in the kindly actions of the people we know and read of, in the beautiful things of art and nature, and in the closeness of friendships.”
― Randolph Bourne

“Those who want to buy wisdom remain with out wisdom, because money buys nothing except commodities.”
― Meseret Geneti

“The only thing set in stone are dumb quotes and names of dead people. Everything else is subject to change.”
― Kimberly Spencer, Oathbound

“Забелязвам, че колкото по-здраво работя, толкова по-голям късмет имам.”
― Mark Twain

“I do, I am”
― Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children

“A lizard brain fired the gun that wounded you, but it was the combination of three brains that orchestrated the elaborate circumstances in which the trigger was pulled. Way back when, the Landlord believed a second brain would endow some of his lower life forms with the capacity for emotional connections. By adding the third brain, he probably planned on having his... higher forms empowered with the ability to not only think before acting, but to feel regret afterwards when their actions were wrong. But that’s not what happened, is it?”
― Richard Finney, Demon Days: Angel of Light

“You cannot insult a wise man with wisdom.”
― Colin Tegerdine, You Can't Google Life

“You Who'd be Wise" from "Ben Mishle" written sometime between 1013 and 1050 C.E.

You who'd be wise
should inquire
into the nature of
justice and evil
from your teachers,
seekers like yourself,
and the students
who question your answer.”
― Shmuel HaNagid

“Wisdom is nothing more than confirmed imagination: just because one did not study for his exam does not mean that he should leave it blank.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“Love is the divine Mother's arms; when those arms are spread, every soul falls into them.

The Sufis of all ages have been known for their beautiful personality. It does not mean that among them there have not been people with great powers, wonderful powers and wisdom. But beyond all that, what is most known of the Sufis is the human side of their nature: that tact which attuned them to wise and foolish, to poor and rich, to strong and weak -- to all. They met everyone on his own plane, they spoke to everyone in his own language. What did Jesus teach when he said to the fishermen, 'Come hither, I will make you fishers of men?' It did not mean, 'I will teach you ways by which you get the best of man.' It only meant: your tact, your sympathy will spread its arms before every soul who comes, as mother's arms are spread out for her little ones.”
― Hazrat Inayat Khan

“Television is for appearing on - not for looking at.”
― Noël Coward

“Virtue comes through contemplation of the divine, and the exercise of philosophy. But it also comes through public service. The one is incomplete without the other. Power without wisdom is tyranny; wisdom without power is pointless.”
― Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio

“Vivid simplicity is the articulation, the nature of genius. Wisdom is greater than intelligence; intelligence is greater than philosobabble.”
― Criss Jami, Killosophy

“If the partridge didn't call at the wrong moment, Neither the hunter nor the falcon would know of it. It follows from this point also, That everyone's voice betrays him.”
― Rahman Baba, The Poetry of Rahman Baba: Poet of the Pakhtuns

“Bowden Cable is the sort of honest and dependable operative that is the backbone of SpecOps. They never win commendations or medals
and the public has no knowledge of them at all. They are all worth ten of people like me.”
― Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair

“مخافة الرب رأس المعرفة
أم 7:1”
― الكتاب المقدس

“Of course, being brave does not mean running towards danger.”
― Janaki Sooriyarachchi, Finbo

“Crafty men condemn studies; Simple men admire them; And wise men use them: For they teach not their own use: but that is a wisdom without them, and above them, won by observation.”
― Francis Bacon

“...you have to be godly to be wise ...”
― Derek Kidner

“Fatherhood to us was an act of passion, soon forgot; but not to Orem ap Avonap. Never guessing that the blond and happy farmer was no blood of his, Orem had taken a part of that simple man into himself and saved it for this time. At any time in the Palace he might run by, Youth on this shoulders or, as time went by, toddling along behind.”
― Orson Scott Card, Hart's Hope

“You can know all there is to know about life and mankind, but what do you really know about yourself?”
― Yasmina Khadra

“Everything worth knowing about the 1980s I learned from obsessively reading Bloom County collections when I was nine and Derek Jarman's diaries when I was twenty.”
― Ruadhán J. McElroy

“Kita hidup dalam sangkar yang terbuat dari tuntutan, rutinitas, dan kebiasaan, dan setelah begitu lama hidup dalam batas-batas ini, kita lupa bahwa sesungguhnya terperangkap”
― Peter O'Connor, When Tomorrow Comes & Seeking Daylight's End

“Kalau kau mulai menunda hal-hal yang ingin kau lakukan untuk hari lain, hari esok itu tak pernah datang”
― Peter O'Connor, When Tomorrow Comes & Seeking Daylight's End

“You have perhaps heard some false reports
On the subject of God. He is not dead; and he is not a fable. He is not mocked nor forgotten--
Successfully. God is a lion that comes in the night. God is a hawk gliding among the stars--
If all the stars and the earth, and the living flesh of the night that flows in between them, and whatever is beyond them
Were that one bird. He has a bloody beak and harsh talons, he pounces and tears--
And where is the German Reich? There also
Will be prodigious America and world-owning China. I say that all hopes and empires will die like yours;
Mankind will die, there will be no more fools; wisdom will die; the very stars will die;
One fierce life lasts.”
― Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry

“A man must...not be content to do things well, but must also aim to do them gracefully.”
― Giovanni Della Casa

“I believed in the faith of faith without acknowledging his quality of being an absolute truth.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Each coil has the earthquake which created it, as every death has the life that gave birth to it.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“القوة الجديدة التي يخلقها "العلم" تكون خيّرة بقدر الحكمة التي يتميز بها الإنسان ، وتكون شريرة بقدر ما في الإنسان من حمق !
لذلك فإن أُريدَ للحضارة العلمية أن تكون حضارة خيرة ، فقد وجب أن تقترن بزيادة المعرفة زيادة في الحكمة ، وأعني بالحكمة الإدراك السليم لغايات الحياة . وهذا في ذاته أمر لا يقدمه العلم . فزيادة العلم لا تكفي لتحقيق رقي صادق ، وإن قدمت واحداً من مقومات الرقي .”
― Bertrand Russell

“人間の最大の武器は、習慣と信頼だ”
― 伊坂幸太郎, 金色梦乡

“What distances can be explored without God?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones. Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy.”
― Sarah Palin

“I would rather be wise and than right and ignorant.”
― Chris Page

“Even a wise man knows doubt from time to time, it is the fool who allows it to rule his judgement.”
― Jennifer Hudock, The Goblin Market

“Even the snow melts, let alone the frugal regards of a soul confident in its own eternity.”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“A doctor may know more than a peasant, but a peasant and a doctor know more together.”
― Dan Buettner, Thrive: Finding Happiness the Blue Zones Way

“Is the sunrise superior just because it goes before the sunset with a day and sunset goes before the sunrise with a night? Could there be day without night and sunrise without sunset, life without death?”
― Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom

“...they say [Finn] has tasted the Nuts of Wisdom." Elatha laughed. "Perhaps the Nuts of Wisdom will gird him against your sister.”
― Holly Bennett, Shapeshifter

“The Great Way is not difficult for those who have no preferences. When love and hate are both absent everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the smallest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth then hold no opinion for or against. The struggle of what one likes and what one dislikes is the disease of the mind.”
― Sengstan, Hsin Hsin Ming

“One of the disadwantages of school and learning, he thought dreamily, was that the mind seemed to have the tendency too see and represent all things as though they were flat and had only two dimensions. This, somehow, seemed to render all matters of intellect shallow and worthless...”
― Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund

“To live in the Great Way is neither easy nor difficult, but those with limited views are fearful and irresolute: the faster they hurry, the slower they go, and clinging cannot be limited: even to be attached to the idea of enlightenment is to go astray. Just let things be in their own way and there will be neither coming nor going. Obey the nature of things (your own nature), and you will walk freely and undisturbed.”
― Sengstan, Hsin Hsin Ming

“In not only the physical science, but in the real mental silence, the wisdom dawns. (75)”
― Sri S. Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras

“Cieszy mię ten rym: „Polak mądr po szkodzie”;
Lecz jeśli prawda i z tego nas zbodzie,
Nową przypowieść Polak sobie kupi,
Że i przed szkodą, i po szkodzie głupi.”
― Jan Kochanowski

“I must not, like the quietists, reduce all religion to a denial of any specific action, despising all other means, since what makes perfection is God's order, and the means he ordains is best for the soul.”
― Jean-Pierre de Caussade, The Sacrament of the Present Moment

“Courteous people learn courtesy from the discourteous”
― Laura Fitzgerald, Veil of Roses

“Normalization takes place not because there is Western-ideology that normalizes third-world texts in any special way (other than the usual play with exoticism) but because this academic seeks to domesticate everything, even Marx.”
― Aijaz Ahmad

“Go to any small village anywhere in the world, and see what they remember. Everything. It's all there -- passed on like a precious piece of information, some secret imparted from one who knew to one who yearns to know. Taken good care of.”
― Alexander McCall Smith, La's Orchestra Saves the World

“Perhaps the excellence of aphorisms consists not so much in the expression of some rare or abstruse sentiment, as in the comprehension of some obvious and useful truth in a few words.
We frequently fall into error and folly, not because the true principles of action are not known, but because, for a time, they are not remembered; and he may therefore be justly numbered among the benefactors of mankind who contracts the great rules of life into short sentences, that may be easily impressed on the memory, and taught by frequent recollection to recur habitually to the mind.”
― Samuel Johnson

“The meaning of the words is necessary and not their extent. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“ Is there anyone that knows the absolute truth? ”
― Sorin Cerin

“We are certainly descendents of the sea for our tears are salted and when we shed them on the jowl of time, the sea that has always been within us flows on our face. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“ The well of your soul will not experience the drought until in front of her will appear the moment of eternity to drink from the water of death.”
― Sorin Cerin

“ We are beings only in the extent of Our Life's Illusion. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“To be is the greatest paradox of life facing death. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“Believing in what you don't know is as true as believing in what you know as long as your life is just an illusion. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“Without the absolute truth, to know the truth value of our own existence is beyond our strengths/limits/possibilities. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“Aus Lügen, die wir glauben, werden Wahrheiten, mit denen wir leben.”
― Oliver Hassencamp

“Immer wieder behauptete Unwahrheiten werden nicht zu Wahrheiten, sondern, was schlimmer ist, zu Gewohnheiten.”
― Oliver Hassencamp

“Umgangsformen sind Formen, die zunehmend umgangen werden.”
― Oliver Hassencamp

“ Our entire life worth's less than one moment of the absolute's truth vanity. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“ TO BE is life's dilemma while facing the eternity of death.”
― Sorin Cerin

“ The truth can only be absolute as any relativity may include the untruth towards the system of reference where it varies.”
― Sorin Cerin

“There are some who deploy casual wisdom for the purpose of engaging.”
― Santosh Kalwar

“To breath through the truth is not the same with knowing it. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“ We should all have the freedom to die with majesty in an unworthy life which was subjected to sin and vanity. ”
― Sorin Cerin

“Before big bridges, deep tunnels and the advent of health and safety regulations, there were many ways to cross rivers. They would use rowing boats, rickety rafts or in the absence of a vessel, swim or wade. Everyone knew what a stepping-stone was. They all understood that it was not something that you would want to stand on for any length of time. It was a means to an end, an important point and a route from A to B.”
― Johnathan Cainer

“It is the business of man to become acquainted with the material universe in all of its manifestations, so far as may be possible, in order to provide a foundation of knowledge on which the reasoning mind of man may increasingly build.”
― John A. Widtsoe, Rational Theology

“This is the best possible way to retain important details that you wish to remember in any unified field of knowledge, whether it be the field of economics, science, history, or any other--link them up with related items which you already know or wouldn't mind knowing.”
― Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control

“Wisdom most of the time takes form of advice. ”
― Veda Catherine Storey

“Both Life And Death Offer Us A Choice. The Experience Of Death Lasts A Short Time And Has Less Variety, But The Adventure Of Living Is Longer, And Offers Us More Options.”
― Venugopal Acharya

“Ihr redet, wenn ihr aufhört mit euren Gedanken in Frieden zu sein.”
― Khalil Gibran

“Ohne Gedankenfreiheit gibt es keine Weisheit. Und ohne Redefreiheit keine öffentliche Freiheit.”
― Benjamin Franklin

“Die Einsicht eines Menschen verleiht ihre Flügel keinem anderen.”
― Kahlil Gibran

“Wisdom’s Pearl doth often dwell
Closed in Fancy’s rainbow shell”
― John Sterling

“Wenn [der Lehrer] wirklich weise ist, fordert er euch nicht auf, ins Haus seiner Weisheit einzutreten, sondern führt euch an die Schwelle eures eigenen Geistes.”
― Khalil Gibran

“She had stayed home and worked hard and a posthumous recognition had eventually followed. Not that Buck hadn't worked hard, sure he did, but in the end the body won't hold up as a work of art.”
― Duff Brenna, The Altar of the Body: A Novel

“Weisheit kann Angst nicht bannen, Angst jedoch kann Weisheit bannen.”
― Mahabharata. Bhagavadgita. English.

“Happiness is an inevitable result of embracing, and unhappiness that of rejecting, what is.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Words have ruined the standard beauty and Numbers have exaggerated the weight of wealth.”
― Goitsemang Mvula

“Young lad,may you be an old man,listen to my advice.
Love does not put much stock on wisdom:
deny it if you desire to caress the tresses of the beloved.”
― Hafez

“Laughter is wise, because it broadens our perspectives, but gratitude is wiser still, because it broadens our perspectives beyond ourselves.”
― Neel Burton

“How we look at life and how we feel shape each other.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“Our survival is a result, not of caution or wisdom, but of pure luck.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The ordinary man gets motivation from power and fame. The superior finds motivation in meaning and work itself.”
― Maxime Lagacé

“Subtract money from your life, whatever you're left with is your true wealth.”
― Akash S. Bansal, Desires and Destiny

“Beloved'

His eyes contain the history of the world
Of all its inhabitants who come and go
He yields his wisdom freely for all
So human hearts may follow his well-worn tracks

Peace and grace surround him
As Nature shields him in her protective embrace
She moves through him speaking softly
Enchanting tales of her wilderness

Quietly as a leaf finds the forest floor
She brushes his cheek with faintest touch
Reminding him she is his true home
Guarding his footsteps over all terrain

She brings him comfort when darkness falls
Through flickering flames and dancing moonlight
And when he closes his eyes to sleep
She guides his dreams to his soul’s remembrance
Of life as one with the Nature he loves”
― Collette O'Mahony, The Soul in Words: A collection of Poetry & Verse

“These people who are always talking, reading, and thinking about sex are like singers who think more about their larynx than about singing. They make that which is subordinate to a higher purpose so all important that the harmony of life is upset.”
― Fulton J. Sheen, Victory Over Vice

“All you ever were was a little bit of the universe, thinking to itself. Very specific; this bit, here, right now. All the rest was fantasy. Nothing was ever identical to anything else because it didn't share the same special coordinates; nothing could be identical to anything else because you couldn't share the property of uniqueness.”
― Iain M. Banks, Surface Detail

“God cares not what clothes we wear, for they can neither show nor hide who we really are.”
― Sue Stephenson, The Secret Jesus: A Modern Novel

“Greed says,
“Wait until everything has fallen into place,
then you can be happy.”

Wisdom says,
“Become happy, and everything
will fall into place.”
― Mindfully Evie, Within These Four Walls

“It's not bad to know a little something about the things you don't care about,”
― Linda Holmes, Evvie Drake Starts Over

“When human beings invented the mobile phone, they also invented the anxiety of not having one.”
― Genki Kawamura, 世界から猫が消えたなら

“To simply emote is not to express an opinion. Rather, it is an attempt to force a point of view that won’t stand on its own merits.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“To the wise, peace of mind is the result of being fine with how things are; to the foolish, the result of things being fine.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“If I craft my own ethics, they will serve my agendas rather than guide them. And that is something akin to racing a car down a mountain road without a steering wheel and somehow assuming that all is well.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The more you listen, the more you learn.”
― Alexander McCall Smith, The Saturday Big Tent Wedding Party

“If you perceive me, you perceive yourself.
It is through my eyes that you see me and see yourself,
For if you approach me,
It is because I have approached you.”
― Ibn Arabi, The Book of Ibn 'arabi

“Be excited about new ventures but stay nimble-footed in entry and execution.”
― Ashwin Muthiah, Chairman, AM International

“Your beautiful mind, perfect body, and expressive emotions—they are what make you unique. They are all vehicles of your soul.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“To be authentically human is to hold within your conscious experience joy, abundance, peace, love, fulfillment, and to live in the flow and momentum of the world around you. This is your birthright.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“It's funny how all the wisest people on Earth always comes back to this thought, know thyself, thy body, thy mind, they soul, thy emotions, thy history, thy spirit... the only knowledge that will ever serve you is the knowledge you yourself know of, and hopefully put into practice.”
― Stephane St-Pierre, Musings of a Natural Philosopher: The Light Edition

“When you are embodying your Essential Self, any choice you make is the right one, in all scenarios. There is no room for complaints or uncertainty.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“There is absolutely nothing you can do, get, or accomplish that could make you any worthier of goodness than you are at this exact moment.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“Validation cannot come from outside of you. The fact that you are breathing means that you are enough.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“Your true value can only be sourced from your soul.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“The more you replicate the spiritual practice of another, the more disconnected you become from your own power, potential and possibility”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“There are moments in each of our lives when something greater—something Incontrovertible—steps in to help us realign with our truest lives and most authentic selves. This perceived crisis or trauma either shakes our world to its core or tears everything apart so that we are launched once again in the direction of our best lives, the most authentic expression of who we are each here to be.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“Cultivate the willingness and spaciousness to allow everything that you are experiencing physically, emotionally, spiritually, and psychologically to arise and enter your consciousness.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“When you understand this hidden dimension of your humanity, you can empower yourself to accelerate your evolution.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“Once you know yourself as the light, you will find that inner peace dominates every situation. It’s not that you will never feel fear, anxiety, or anger, but you will no longer get lost in your pain.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“Rich or poor, married or single, employed or unemployed, young or old, male or female, Christian, Muslim, Hindu, Jew, or Buddhist, you are the soul coming to know the Essential Self as love.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“Your experience on this planet is as unique as one of the billions of stars in the clear indigo sky, and yet I believe you and I are on the same journey—one in which the Essential Self is emerging into conscious experience, shifting out of separation and suffering into connection and bliss.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“There is only ever one choice. Either you are living from your heart and moving toward your limitless potential, or you are continuing to live in fear and limitation.”
― Panache Desai, You Are Enough: Revealing the Soul to Discover Your Power, Potential, and Possibility

“A fellow learns a lot of this fancy stuff that Ralph calls philosophy when he spends a few winters shut up in a cabin with just one other guy, trapping.”
― Sinclair Lewis, Mantrap

“The more you become friends with courage, the more you dispel fear. The more you dispel fear, the more you’ll do the right thing.”
― Maxime Lagacé

“If you focus on results and finding shortcuts, you’ll get impatient. If you focus on the process and doing the right thing, you’ll be unstoppable.”
― Maxime Lagacé

“If you believe talent exists, you’re limiting yourself. If you believe luck exists, you’re lazy. If you believe in yourself, you’re wise.”
― Maxime Lagacé

“The most important thing is to keep going. The second most important thing is to choose the right direction.”
― Maxime Lagacé

“The just God is fair Judge.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Without enthusiasm, there is no energy.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Material possessions never adds to the person it merely subtracts.”
― Delma Pryce

“There is an opening in every perceived difficulty through which the majesty of the Divine seeps into our existence. No experience in life, however painful, is ever wasted.”
― Panache Desai

“If you cannot help but envy others, at least envy people for things such as their patience, perseverance, and tolerance.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“The wise remind themselves that ‘This too shall pass’ even when things are good; the foolish, only when things are bad.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“A thousand sorrows prepares a man to preach.”
― John Piper

“Religions are like a ladder. If you cling to them, you cannot progress further. Religious organizations have their hidden agenda. They heavily rely on the past. They want to drag you towards the past. But you have to stand on your own. You have to work for your own liberation. Liberation is a state of mind and that is achievable right in this moment. It all depends on your choice. The moment you take the decision, you are free from the past; you are free from the thoughts.”
― Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style

“It's funny how all the wisest people on Earth always comes back to this thought, know thyself, thy body, they mind, they soul, thy emotions, thy history, thy spirit... the only knowledge that will ever serve you is the knowledge you yourself know of, and hopefully put into practice.”
― Stephane St-Pierre, Musings of a Natural Philosopher - The Light Edition - Book Deux

“Only when we truly know rest and celebration can we know how to work and enjoy it. We work from rest, not to get rest.”
― Jefferson Bethke, To Hell with the Hustle

“If you have something good in your life, cherish it, protect it, nurture it, allow it to grow. Don't wait until your garden starts to wither, to water it. It is wiser and easier to maintain than to repair. By the time the damage starts to show, there is every chance that it is too late for repairs.”
― Sama Akbar

“we get hurt by our closest ones, and then we have to face the hurt alone.”
― Sara Keddar

“And joy filled him from head to foot, the joy of living and the joy of being himself. He was newborn. And the best part of it was that he was now the very person he wanted to be. If he had been free to choose, he would have chosen to be no one else. Because now he knew that there were thousands and thousands of forms of joy in the world, but that all were essentially one and the same, namely the joy of being able to love.
And much later... and even in his old age, this joy never left him entirely. Even in the hardest moments of his life he preserved a lightheartedness that made him smile and that comforted others.”
― Michael Ende, The Neverending Story

“Much have I seen and known - cities of men and manners, climates, councils, governments.”
― Alfred, Lord Tennyson

“Be grateful, life is a gracious gift.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“About God, how could he give up his secrets and still be God?”
― Mary Oliver, Blue Horses

“The beginning of wisdom is fear of the LORD, and knowledge of the Holy One is understanding. Prov 9:10, NAB 2011”
― The Holy Spirit of God

“The future depends on some graduate student who is deeply suspicious of everything I have said.”
― Geoffrey Hinton

“Your impact is huge, sink this into your brain
and be the one who you want to be.”
-Peace”
― Santosh Tulachan (Thutop), “The Light” It's You

“He who says there's partiality in the universe is like saying God made a mistake.”
― Isa Muh'd

“Whom hast thou then, or what, to accuse,
but heaven's free love dealt equally t'all?”
― John Milton, PARADISE LOST

“Nor love thy life, nor hate; but what thou liv'st
Live well, how long or short permit to Heaven.”
― John Milton, PARADISE LOST

“Never become so attached to following the path that you cease to question whether you should still be on it.”
― Tori Eldridge, The Ninja Daughter

“You can only fail us if you do nothing.”
― Neus Figueras, Lorac

“Oblivion here thy wisdom is,
Thy thrift, the sleep of cares;
For a proud idleness like this
Crowns all thy mean affairs.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson, Collected Poems and Translations

“Life is a symphony to the wise. And a cacophony to the foolish.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“To love God with all you heart, all your mind and all your soul, you must surrender all that you have, all that you know and all that you are.”
― Vivian Amis

“Do not lose the good you've always had for the seemingly nice that just arrived; shun that thought before you self-destruct.”
― Joshua Amawhe

“Independent thinkers have always been a threat to those whose courage lies in the masses.”
― Bill Madden

“There are people with superior intellect, but lack wisdom, and people who are not intellectually gifted, but extremely wise, then there are those inverted unicorns who lack both. Trump is that such animal, and as president, he’s exposed himself as the poster boy for the Peter Principle.”
― Bill Madden

“He who never reads will never be read; he who never quotes will never be quoted; and he who will not use the thoughts of others' brains proves that he has no brains of his own.”
― Charles Spurgeon

“I am not one
Who must have everything, yet I must have
My dreams if I must live, for they are mine.
Wisdom is not one word and then another,
Till words are like dry leaves under a tree;
Wisdom is like a dawn that comes up slowly
Out of an unknown ocean.”
― Edwin Arlington Robinson, Tristram

“Dreams are the catalyst to goals whether it be to heal, to grow, to learn, to create, to imagine what could be or to strive to make it come to fruition. Dreams are the drive to succeed and to do the impossible and make it real and possible.”
― Angel M.B. Chadwick

“I could do worse than become my own grandma, or anyone of the strong women who raised us. Our strengths emerged from theirs; we build on their heritage and transform their resilience and competence into our own.”
― Regina Barreca

“I will find my peace and happiness through seeking truth, wisdom, and love, and not by chasing thrills, wealth, titles, or fame.”
― Mark Divine, The Way of SEAL: Think Like an Elite Warrior to Lead and Succeed

“Ignoring life's gentle nudges is like stepping off the curb, onto oncoming traffic.
Tempt fate to knock you down, and it will.
Pay attention to what doesn't feel right. If it feels wrong, it usually is. Trust your gut.
It is your God-given GPS.”
― Sama Akbar

“Please heal that part of me that feels the need to rescue everyone I meet. I know that you watch over and take care of everyone.”
― Sama Akbar

“I have six sisters..."
"So?"
"So let me tell you, it is the simplest thing in the world: give in. What woman wants, God wants.”
― Anna Gavalda, Hunting and Gathering

“Sadly, people who have a fear of abandonment, guard their emotions so much that they themselves, remain unavailable to others. Sometimes, when they feel strongly towards someone, often, they leave them, in the fear that they will inevitably be abandoned, sooner or later.”
― Sama Akbar

“Life is a gift, live it.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“What if God doesn't want me to be big things for Him? Like, at all? What if He just wants me to talk to Him and know Him and live an ordinary live where I love Him and my neighbours well?”
― Jefferson Bethke, To Hell with the Hustle

“Don’t ever think of any person who’s trying to hurt you and harm you. Obviously, they don’t deserve your love, but you don’t deserve to feel hate because of them. Ignore them like they don’t exist, but do what you can to protect yourself.”
― Maria Karvouni

“Be grateful to God, every year you live.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Wisdom cometh from God, but the enemy will drive you away from Him; because God’s wisdom can transform your life.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“Wisdom is from God, anything outside of that is intellect.”
― Gift Gugu Mona, Daily Quotes About God: 365 Days of Heavenly Inspiration

“If you wish to be good, be good.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Tell yourself you are a good soul, you will nurture the spirit of goodwill.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Be yourself, for there is only you.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Life is simply a labour of love.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Humanity should eliminate processes that base one’s happiness in another’s unhappiness. Moral people follow this direction, but there are still people with malicious intentions that must change.”
― Maria Karvouni

“Unfortunately, human perception is not very developed. Everyone sees whatever they know or what they want, without considering the limitations of their knowledge or what is moral in the world. As a result, humans are a flawd species.”
― Maria Karvouni

“The unseen God sees every secret deed.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“To believe in God is the brevity of life.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There is no satisfaction like the joy of work, well done.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Conquer no city than yourself.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Shall I believe in a man. Yet doubt my Maker? No this ought not to be so.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Hate is the root of hostility.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Pushing through the pain, man finally find his power.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Whoever endure pain, shall know peace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“What if God doesn't want me to do big things for Him? Like, at all? What if He just wants me to talk to Him and know Him and live an ordinary live where I love Him and my neighbours well?”
― Jefferson Bethke, To Hell with the Hustle

“Can there be any creation without a creator?”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I have no learning, and you have much,' said Milly; 'I am not used to think, and you are always thinking. May I tell you why it seems to me a good thing for us, to remember wrong that has been done us?'

'Yes.'

'That we may forgive it.”
― Charles Dickens, The Haunted Man

“Every person has their own timeline of success. Others succeed sooner others later. As in everything, both timelines have both advantages and disadvantages.”
― Maria Karvouni

“With youth, there is power. With wisdom, there is strength.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Never underestimate a committed person.”
― Steven Magee

“Faith is firm believe in a faithful God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Life is a patient endurance voyage through time.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Faith that is firm is also patient peace.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Happiness lies in the heart of humanity.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The power I exert, I do so because I am wise, and clever, and know something of the turning of the world.”
― Mahvesh Murad, The Djinn Falls in Love & Other Stories

“... I’m not running around blaming anybody. I’m doing the work.

Which is what, exactly?

Letting it hurt.”
― Ruta Sepetys, The Fountains of Silence

“The curse of much knowledge is often indecision.”
― Paarthurnax

“We have an opportunity right now to step into a higher version of ourselves. We are living in a world with so many people hungry for love, to be "seen" and appreciated. Take a moment right now to adore someone, to love, to appreciate, to say "thank you", to activate kindness, to forgive, to say, "I'm sorry".
And don't forget to love on yourself. Nourish yourself. Nurture yourself. Pleasure yourself. Treat yourself.
You are alive. This moment is filled with magic. Make this life worth living every day.”
― Rosangel Perez

“They mingle their life with the world,
they mix their mind up with the world.
Ordinary people look after them.
Wise souls are children.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, Tao Te Ching

“Education isn't education when you use it as makeup to cover the scars of your insecurities”
― Reginald Williams

“So wise souls, leaving self behind
move forward,
and setting self aside
stay centered.
Why let the self go?
To keep what the soul needs.”
― Ursula K. Le Guin, Tao Te Ching

“Just because you have an abundance of information does not mean you have wisdom.”
― Jeffrey Fry

“If you've told a little boy that Big Boys don't cry, you've marginalized his voice”
― Reginald Williams

“If you truly are seeking answers of wholeness, why do you continue to engage in conversations rooted in partiality?”
― Reginald Williams

“Don't campaign that you do not need something, and then champion a complaint when what you campaigned for isn't available.”
― Reginald Williams

“We should not use the worst to define us as a people, and we use not use the best to excuse the bullshit of the worst.”
― Reginald Williams

“What do we do when the foolishness of the cross actually makes more sense than the wisdom of the sword?”
― Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical

“A man knows how to confront confrontation without being confrontational.”
― Reginald Williams

“Actions are the children of thoughts.”
― Reginald Williams

“An arrival always follows a departure. To achieve a goal you must depart from something.”
― Reginald Williams

“The other day someone asked me why I am not being patient, to whom I answered, well I am very patient, I am just at war against time”
― Hisham Fawzi

“Not until now, from the height of our years, have we been sure that one always reaps in the end what he has sown in the beginning.”
― Gemma d'Auria and Antonia Burgato, The Secrets of the Very Old

“Oh, Dog!" Lirael said plaintively, giving the hound a hug. "Why is everything so difficult?"
"It just is," said the Dog, woofling gently in her ear. "But sleep will make it seem easier. A new day will bring new sights and smells.”
― Garth Nix, Lirael

“The wonder of the Holy Word is beyond all understanding.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Reason is good but reality is greater.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“We are workmanship of God.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Not until now, from the height of our years, have we been sure that one always reaps in the end what he has sown in the beginning.”
― Gemma d"Auria

“Mere pleasure lies in evil. Pure pleasure leads to good.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“I have full assurance in God, what He promises, He is able to bring to pass.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Faith is life, knowledge is death, and choosing the correct one is wisdom.”
― Steven Magee

“The big difference between chaos and shalom is rhythm. Chaos is unpredictable and unrhythmic. It has no set cadence. But shalom is more like a dance that depends on the rhythm in music.”
― Jefferson Bethke, To Hell with the Hustle

“SOCIAL SERVICE: My grandfather used to say, 'If you wish to help, what your right hand does, your left should not know!' Your loving help should humbly remain between you and God, with the one you helped, being the third to know!”
― Adiela Akoo

“Hurry is violence on the soul.”
― John Mark Comer, The Ruthless Elimination of Hurry: How to stay emotionally healthy and spiritually alive in the chaos of the modern world

“Wherever I am is a result of me saying ‘yes’ to something when I should have said ‘no,’ or vice-versa. And me getting out of wherever I am is going to be based on saying the same things, but saying them in a different order than I did the first time.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“In our society the elderly are regarded as biodegradable and superfluous, instead of what they really represent: a biological elite who, with weathered wisom, have much to offer the world.”
― Ashley Montagu, Touching the Human Significance of the Skin Second Edition

“Now is a good time to go within. Honor your body, mind, and spirit with tech breaks. Be with nature often. Answers and clarity always find you in nature.”
― Rosangel Perez

“Faith is the fire that light the flames.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Pride is extra-strength growth repellent.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“Don't expect people who didn't endure the famine to appreciate the feast.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“The more a man's wisdom, the fewer his words.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“The scariest nightmare is a life with no dreams.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“Being there isn't the same as belonging there.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“The most important lesson to learn is that there's always another lesson to learn.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“A single step taken in pursuit of your dream is better than a thousand wasted on following the crowd.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“Never lie to an engineer about their specialty, as they will know that you are lying to them.”
― Steven Magee

“Let your prayer be perpetual.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Sometimes it's hard not to be racist.”
― Alon Mor

“Far sooner than your mind, your body knows how privileged it is to be here. It is also aware of the presence of death. There is a wisdom in your physical, bodily presence that is luminous and profound. Frequently the illnesses that come to us result from our self-neglect and our failure to listen to the voice of the body.”
― John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom

“Christ is the center that holds all things together.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The OLD must give way to the NEW!”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The loss is a gain.
The gain is a loss.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“In life as in history the unexpected lies waiting, grinning from around corners. Only with hindsight are we wise about cause and effect.”
― Penelope Ward, Moon Tiger

“In life as in history the unexpected lies waiting, grinning from around corners. Only with hindsight are we wise about cause and effect.”
― Penelope Lively, Moon Tiger

“Wealth, beauty and fame are transient. When those are gone, little is left except the need to be useful.”
― Gene Tierney

“Every problem is a teacher from the University of Life.”
― Mokokoma Mokhonoana

“I don't know a lot of things, but the one thing I do know is that I don't know a lot of things.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Gospel of Technology

“So a person who is truly humble recognizes both his capabilities and his limitations.”
― Jo Berry, Proverbs For Easier Living

“A great, a good, and a right mind is a kind of divinity lodged in flesh, and may be the blessing of a slave as well as of a prince: it came from heaven, and to heaven it must return; and it is a kind of heavenly felicity, which a pure and virtuous mind enjoys, in some degree, even upon earth.”
― Seneca

“You don't need support to succeed. Some of the greatest achievements were made by people who had faith in their vision, belief in themselves, and the guts to go it alone.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“We can not afford to be out of touch with our environment right now. So much is changing right in front of us and it's happening so fast. Stay connected mi gente to your internal net - your source of wisdom.”
― Rosangel Perez

“Each and everyone of us are being called to show up, step up, and be our best selves. Not tomorrow. TODAY!”
― Rosangel Perez

“Words are powerful. The passion you speak them with is also powerful. Choose wisely. Words that injure have a funny way of coming back to you.”
― Rosangel Perez

“Let's not be walking dead people.”
― Rosangel Perez

“Great betrayals of the soul - Imposing your world thought upon another.... Manipulating and forcing your will on others.... When you withhold love.”
― Rosangel Perez

“Every thought is a spell. Every sentence you utter is a spell. So the big question is... are you creating beauty or death with your word magic?”
― Rosangel Perez

“We cannot force people to be intelligent, ethical or wise.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“Dreams are the hints God whispers in your ear about who you really are.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.”
― Mike Tyson

“Don’t let deception make you hate the wrong person.”
― Maria Karvouni

“There is wisdom in always exploring the counterpoint- sometimes a silver cloud has a dark lining too.”
― Gyan Nagpal

“The truth about truth is that it cannot be taught or explained. Truth is that which is experienced by those it chooses to reveal itself to. One cannot learn of what is truth but one can ultimately become one with truth and live in truth.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Whatever I had, it turns out, I would look over my shoulder to see what someone else had and want it, too. This is me. Perhaps it is everyone.”
― Caroline Corcoran, Through the Wall

“Isn’t that what matters now, anyway? Behind closed doors can be flawed, as long as Facebook says joy.”
― Caroline Corcoran, Through the Wall

“People were a million things when they were in love but “okay” was surely not one of them”
― Kristen Callihan, Outmatched

“Somehow I said “yes” to whatever put me here and “no” to whatever did not. And if I don’t like where I’m at, maybe I should start trading out one answer for the other.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Faith is like a treasure hidden in a field.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Without a creator, there is no creation.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“There is no beauty like being your best.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Somewhere between pride and heart lies the ego. The heart says I love you for what I can do for you. The ego says I love you for what you can do for me.”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“You can't have the life you want and still want the life you have.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“We are careful with what we love and reckless with what we don’t.”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“Success without sacrifice is the daydream of young children and old fools.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“Misery loves company, and apathy is always self-conscious in the presence of action.”
― Rigel J. Dawson, The Pastor is In: A Thirty-Day Devotional Inspired by Peanuts

“You can change without growing but you can't grow without changing.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“God is so good that even the things you do without Him you couldn't do without Him.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“There's nothing wrong with being driven as long as you request frequent stops along the way.”
― Rigel J. Dawson, The Pastor is In: A Thirty-Day Devotional Inspired by Peanuts

“Sarcasm is the intellectually poor man's cheap imitation of wit.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“An excuse is just a lie you tell yourself to justify your failure.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“Where you are is never as important as who you are.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“If you don't start thinking outside the box, it may eventually become your coffin.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“Ignorance makes you a tool to be used. Knowledge makes you a weapon to be feared.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“Belief is knowing with you heart instead of your head.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“If it cost you your dignity, you overpaid.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“Once you've closed your mind, finding the answer is out of the question.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“The only thing worse than a mind that never opens is a mouth that never shuts.”
― Rigel J. Dawson

“The fool who knows he is a fool is that much wiser.”
― The Buddha

“I shouldn’t like to take my oath on the whole story, but one thing I am ready to fight for as long as I can, in word and act—that is, that we shall be better, braver, and more active men if we believe it right to look for what we don’t know than if we believe there is no point in looking because what we don’t know we can never discover.”
― Plato, Meno

“Measure yourself by the love that you give, not the physical things you acquire”
― Kenzo Amariyo

“The human mind has manipulated our species existence. We no longer know how to do the one thing that should be the most natural and simplest. We have forgotten how to just be.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“Wisdom is locked inside of an insane mind.”
― Steven Magee

“Sometimes people begin, discover how much pain and fear they are holding, and adaptively decide to take whatever gains they have made and stop. Occasionally we reach the limits of our competence or capacity and must help one of people find someone or a nest of people who can hold their wounds when we can't. We could likely add other situations in which we have parted with someone early in the relationship or at a time that seemed premature. All of this is part of human limitation in both of us.”
― Bonnie Badenoch, The Heart of Trauma: Healing the Embodied Brain in the Context of Relationships

“You're physically incapable of having friends. All you can ever have are enemies and stooges.”
― Budd Schulberg, What Makes Sammy Run?

“It is in the acceptance of truth that real wisdom and peace come. It is in the acceptance of truth that real living begins. Conversely, avoidance of truth is the denial of life.”
― Julie Yip-Williams, The Unwinding of the Miracle: A Memoir of Life, Death, and Everything That Comes After

“Walk through the fire and you will emerge on the other end, whole and stronger. I promise. You will ultimately find truth and beauty and wisdom and peace.”
― Julie Yip-Williams, The Unwinding of the Miracle: A Memoir of Life, Death, and Everything That Comes After

“You are always self-employed. You are always the president of your own personal services corporation, no matter where you might be working at the moment. When you see yourself as self-employed, you develop the entrepreneur mentality. The mentality of the highly independent, self-responsible, self-starting individual. Instead of waiting for things to happen, you make things happen. You see yourself as the boss of your own life. You see yourself as completely in charge of your physical health, your financial well-being, your career, your relationships, your home, your car, and every element of your existence. This is the mindset of the truly excellent person.”
― Brian Tracy

“Things happen the way women want them to happen.”
― Bert McCoy

“The wise live in the forest.”
― Steven Magee

“Faith is life and knowledge is death.”
― Steven Magee

“just as a autumn transforms a beautiful tree, fully ablaze in only its best colors, and blooming in full wisdom from all the seasons, so will the words well spoken bring out the best in the one who puts them into practice”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Simplique Impressionist Photography and Insights

“the stars have seen so much change happen on our planet, but they remain silent, only a witness, smart enough not to resit and fight the change...we can see such infinite wisdom in the stars...”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Simplique Impressionist Photography and Insights

“as the tides change and my life rolls on, i've seen things fall apart, but sometimes you just have to let them go to pieces, let them be and become what they may”
― Bodhi Smith, Bodhi Simplique Impressionist Photography and Insights

“You can't go through the looking-glass without getting cut. You know that now, don't you?”
― Iris Murdoch, The Sacred and Profane Love Machine

“Arrogance diminishes wisdom.”
― The Clone Wars

“The truth is the truth. Denying it doesn't make it go away.”
― Laurence Overmire

“There’s that old saying about ‘stirring the pot.’ And I think that more times than not, we’d be wise just to make soup.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I enjoy experiencing a taste of the feeling that I am infinite. But you have to risk going into a sphere where you can‘t quite remember exactly who you are. You have to negate it anytime you feel the „I“ emerging as a fixed, independent, absolute thing, and then negate it again. It‘s not that nonexistence is your final goal, but that you want to rid yourself of your habitual sense that you exist in a static way. This practice has its thrilling moments of revelation, its unsettling moments of doubt, its quiet moments of mindfulness – all of which add up to a continuous, ever-deepening, evolving flow of liberation.

Your infinite life thus becomes grounded in the greatest virtue of all – wisdom. Your wisdom deepens constantly as you gain a deeper and deeper understanding of your own selflessness and your resulting interconnectedness with all other beings. You engage other people with generosity, sensitive and empathic justice, and invincible tolerance, forbearance, and forgiveness. With practice, you gradually erase the division between meditation and action until you are filled with endless joy and bliss. Your newfound freedom energizes your actions in daily life, and you become an inexhaustible source of the infinite life force. Your embrace of beings who feel lost and frightened and abandoned does not ruffle the surface of the great ocean of your happy, loving presence, as you unleash waves of dynamic effort to help them. (p. 72)”
― Robert A.F. Thurman, Infinite Life

“While we cannot close our eyes to what is happening around us, it is important for each of us as individuals to refuse to hate another human being and commit to compassion, love, peace and nonviolence in the world. In becoming aware and resistant to evil, we should be wary of becoming part of the evil ourselves.”
― Laurence Overmire

“Waste no life, for living is a great gift.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“The general consensus is that we gain wisdom and learn from our failures and mistakes; however, many do not accept the rationale of their errors and thus continually repeat them; therefore, when we do not acknowledge our missteps ignorance prevails.”
― RJ Intindola – (Gandolfo) – 1978

“If you cannot tolerate do not contribute.”
― Kamaran Ihsan Salih

“If a door closes on you and you cannot find another to open, carve out your own.”
― Joy Madden

“I doubt if they are wise and not merely timid.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien

“You will learn your best lessons from the worst people.”
― Nitya Prakash

“It has been granted to you to understand that the heavenly light of unceasing interior prayer is attained neither by the wisdom of this world, nor by the mere outward desire of knowledge, but that on the contrary it is found in poverty of spirit and in active experience in simplicity of heart.”
― R.M. French, The Way of a Pilgrim

“Perhaps not knowing is a good thing. When all is uncertain, everything becomes possible.”
― Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.

“Wisdom is for the meek,” he returns. “And it seldom helps them as much as they believe it will. After all, as wise as you are, you still married Locke. Of course, perhaps you are wiser than even that—perhaps you’re so wise you made yourself a widow, too.”
― Holly Black, The Queen of Nothing

“I am not so captivated by the beautiful, monsieur." Celine met his gaze without wavering. "For I know beauty is only a moment in time.”
― Renée Ahdieh, The Beautiful

“Younger people just don’t seem to realize that time eventually shows up for a payoff, and the longer it gives you, the more it will ask for , Bessie thought and nearly said aloud. I’ll take your memories, your ability to walk. How about your bladder?
Good old Father Time, Bessie mused to herself. Bastard”
― Vera Jane Cook, Lies a River Deep

“The passing years often rob people of the truth. But then again, those passing years also allow people to recreate the truth.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Lies a River Deep

“The young should only know where they’re headed”
― Vera Jane Cook, Lies a River Deep

“There is impotency being haunted by things we can’t change; being stuck in your own damn mistakes isn’t healthy. But when I think about
the things I need to do right now, and possibly won’t, because I’d rather talk myself out of doing something that’s coming from my heart, there’s impotency in that, as well, and it’s the worst kind of indifference, Spider; it’s not doing what your heart is telling you to do. And there you’ll be, old and dying, with regrets deep as the Seneca, and maybe even longer.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Lies a River Deep

“Sometimes, when husbands stay out of the way, friendship was easier between women”
― Vera Jane Cook, Lies a River Deep

“There is a long road yet," said Gandalf.
"But it is the last road," said Bilbo.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit or There and Back Again

“How can you live as long as me and not see the losses and the gains and accept the change as
something to be responsible for?”
― Vera Jane Cook, Lies a River Deep

“You may often out talk me, but rarely will you outsmart me.”
― Kelly L Miller

“Sometimes when I try to understand a person’s motives I play a little game. I assume the worst. What’s the worst reason they could possibly have for saying what they say and doing what they do?”
― Game of Thrones

“The truth about lies is that first, it's to fool others and later it's to fool yourself.”
― Mystqx Skye

“There are two types of wisdom, one of the heart and one of the mind. You've always had the first and most important of them, but now you need the second. See your life for the miracle it is.”
― Patrick W. Carr, The End of the Magi

“Proximity to normalcy is a nice turn of phrase; you ought do a needlepoint, frame it and shove it straight up your ass. Keep it there with the rest of your wisdom.”
― Richard Kadrey, Hollywood Dead

“We all hold beauty within us. If you aren't seeing beauty in someone, look a little deeper”
― Kenzo Amariyo

“Walk in wisdom.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“...fight every battle everywhere, always, in your mind. Everyone is your enemy, everyone is your friend. Every possible series of events is happening all at once. Live that way and nothing will surprise you. Everything that happens will be something that you’ve seen before..”
― Game of Thrones

“Everyone is a 'spiritual student' doing 'spiritual work' because everyone is here and has to cope, one way or another, with life. The difference is that an aware person learns from their pain and they eventually create a happy life. An unaware person also has pain. However, as they do not know (or do not want to know) how to help themselves, they learn little or nothing from their pain. Thus their journey to happiness is long and indirect.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“Doubt is the beginning of wisdom, 100% confidence the end!”
― Jos Berkemeijer

“quick. say something useful to this person”
― Eckhart Tolle

“Wisdom or enlightenment is not white, black or brown – it’s not christian, muslim, jew, hindu or atheist – it’s not homosexual or heterosexual – it’s not reductionist, empirical or sentimental – it’s not belief or disbelief. True enlightenment or wisdom or understanding or insight, whatever we call it, is beyond all opposites – it‘s beyond materialism and spiritualism – it’s beyond atheism and theism – it’s beyond all intellectualism and cynicism.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Mission Reality

“As human beings, the quest to seeking wealth is an ongoing project and a life time endeavor; it should not be taken as a destination but rather a journey, not an event but a process. Striving for excellence and higher levels of satisfaction should be our mantra and motto, and keeping ourselves challenged to do better make life even more fulfilling and satisfying”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“Wealth is a mindset; so is poverty, what you know or don't know, your perspective of life and beliefs have a direct connection to your net worth.”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“Organizations, companies or individuals without core values are exactly like a boat without an anchor; it can be easy tossed to and fro following any direction the wind blows.”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“A mother's love is a shield for her children.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Life must be much more evident when one is always suffering.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Lies a River Deep

“The unity between tragedy and comedy appears then, 'Je Suis'. Neither tears of mirth nor of sorrow, and yet passing through the two.”
― Cory Duchesne

“Package your gift and talent in such a way that you can help as many people as possible; and afford others the opportunity to bring their unique skills and abilities to help you as well.”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“Life has an amazing way of helping you realize your dreams in ways far from what you could have ever imagined at the beginning of your dream. In the world of dreams and vision, bigger is better, and there's no way to get there with a shortcut.”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“It is kindness to prepare a comfortable roost for an injured bird... But to prevent it from taking flight once its wounds have healed, because you fear the world is too dangerous, means confining it to a cage.”
― Asato Asato, 86 ―エイティシックス― Ep.2 ―ラン・スルー・ザ・バトルフロント―〈上〉

“The devil is a gentleman in disguise, Bessie.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Lies a River Deep

“She didn’t want to go to that place, and she had to force herself not to, but it was standing between she and her father’s memory; to keep him
close she’d have to allow the ache”
― Vera Jane Cook, Lies a River Deep

“Sometimes we forget things not because we are scared of the truth but because we are not strong enough to to burden it.”
― Imania Margria, The Pacemaker

“Artificial intelligence will not destroy this planet, irresponsible human intelligence will.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“I've never seen anyone's life get better by complaining about reality, I've seen it get better by accepting reality as it is and then making personal decisions to make it better.”
― Ben Shapiro

“Become a faithful servant. Cultivate wisdom, courage, faith, and resilience.”
― Germany Kent

“Never ask, "Oh, why were things so much better in the old days?" It's not an intelligent question.”
― Ecclesiastes

“Learn to be your real self, the spiritual self, be authentic in all things”
― Kenzo Amariyo

“Only a fool tries to be someone else, the wise one accepts who he is.......and through acceptance comes the opportunity to improve on what he already has become”
― Kenzo Amariyo

“A heart of love softens any hardness.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Go after wisdom, not go after wise man because wise man shows only the path, he himself is not the path!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Dreams are conceived when you factor in and implement the small steps that will lead you to your victory!”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Wisdom from above is first of all pure (undefiled); then it is peace loving, courteous (considerate, gentle). (It is willing to) yield to reason, full of compassion and good fruits; it is wholehearted and straightforward, impartial and unfeigned (free from doubts, wavering, and insincerity). James 3:17 (AMPC), Secretly Brilliant, page xv.”
― David Yong, Secretly Brilliant: Wisdom-From-Above: The Best and Richest Inheritance for You and Your Children

“Mystic ways may not all travel but life's riddles we can unravel.”
― James Tunney, The Mystical Accord: Sutras to Suit our Times, Lines for Spiritual Evolution

“Love is flame that warms human heart.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“Without change we would fail to see the full beauty of life”
― Kenzo Amariyo

“Whatever you desire, you must first become.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“We rarely climb to the highest level of our expectations, because the ascension is limited by wisdom and knowledge.”
― RJ Intindola – (Gandolfo) – 1993

“A wise choice is when you become a capital choice to many.”
― Kangoma Kindembo

“As rivers flow into the ocean but cannot make the vast ocean overflow, so flow the streams of the sense-world into the sea of peace that is the sage.”
― Eknath Easwaran, The Bhagavad Gita

“When in doubt, seek wisdom.”
― Bert McCoy

“Here’s the nice thing about being over 60: You know enough to know you don’t know everything, however much you’ve learned.”
― Gina Barreca

“Every choice brings wisdom in its wake. If you got to have the wisdom first, it wouldn't be a choice - just policy.
pg. 504”
― Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz

“Make it happen, or it won't.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“I know people can be judgmental and difficult. But if you shut yourself away from the world, you'll never see how beautiful it really is.”
― Imania Margria, The Pacemaker

“It is not a race to closing. This is about looking after the best interests of every touchpoint of a real estate transaction.”
― Douglas Fish

“Probe, challenge, and grow beyond any belief system that does not acknowledge you as already divine and Grace as already present. Don’t stop until everything you seek is already given.”
― Alan Cohen, The Grace Factor: Opening the Door to Infinite Love

“Wisdom is not for knowing but for understanding.”
― A.C.H. Smith, The Dark Crystal

“Success is just a stepping stone to what you've already achieved.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Every dream is laughable until they've seen you achieve it.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Poetry could surely slow a guy down.”
― Will Willingham, Adjustments

“Touch has a memory," Will. Your man Keats said that.

Did he, now? Will looked up.

He did. If it had fit into his poem, I think he would have said taste and smell and sound have a memory, too.

Say more.

What more is there to say? He said what I've been saying. Aesthetics matter. Place matters. Our senses remember and replay these things back to us, to our fingers, or our nostrils, or our tongues."

(Conversation between Will and Joe.)”
― Will Willingham

“There's much to be said for the circumstances of our experience, Will. The most simple and mundane things can take on deep and memorable dimensions depending on where we are, or with whom, or any number of things. ~ Joe”
― Will Willingham

“As they say, good news never goes beyond the gate but bad news spreads far and wide.”
― Jennifer Zeng, Witnessing History: One Chinese Woman's Fight for Freedom

“A smile offers a gateway to understanding and sharing. It is a path that leads to love.

* This is a quote from my upcoming book that reflects on living and loving more consciously.”
― Steve Leasock

“Cherish life, cherish and respect love; these are the energy frequencies in our existence that have the most likelihood of changing this world and the universe as we know it.”
― Steve Leasock

“We are sharing the gift of life and love and compassion is our path” Therefore, life and love can flow freely through this precious endowment.”
― Steve Leasock

“Lest love not be forgotten and it is best experienced through thoughtless devotion.”
― Steve Leasock

“Love is equivalent to life. It cannot be defined, interpreted, manipulated or used to fulfill human based wants and needs.”
― Steve Leasock

“Open your heart to the beauty of living and you will experience life and love within all things.”
― Steve Leasock

“Love is the mainstream movement flowing through the expansion of life energy. Experiencing it is considered to be as easy as falling off a log. However, as with life and conscious awareness, we must acknowledge love and take responsibility for it.”
― Steve Leasock

“Sometimes it is wise to be foolish and it takes wisdom to know when and for how long before returning to wisdom.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“Proverbs are not just meant for recalling and proffering but to impart practical wisdom which will impact on our actions.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“Your friend confused beauty with perfection. Always remember, true beauty is found beneath the scars.”
― Jennifer B Duffey, The Nomad

“Nobility is the motto of the noble-minded; the base use sordidness as a pass. Base souls cannot comprehend noble hearts and noble actions, nor can they believe that people can live magnanimous lives.”
― Jennifer Zeng, Witnessing History: One Chinese Woman's Fight for Freedom

“It would be very beneficial to remain consciously aware during any experience because the mind will otherwise start to fill presence with thoughts and emotions.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“The world is full of mysteries, strange, unapproachable, overpowering mysteries that you cannot read. Trust, trust in the power, and in the wisdom, and in the goodness of Him, the Almighty One, who rules it.”
― George Granville Bradley

“Birth and death......nothing more than entry points into another dimension.”
― Kenzo Amariyo

“Even the wisest among us do not possess complete knowledge of every subject; however, they acquire a deep understanding regarding the limits of their knowledge. Acknowledge, the extent of your knowledge.”
― RJ Intindola – (Gandolfo) – 1994

“In the stillness of the night the unconscious waits to be heard - Kenzo Amariyo”
― Kenzo Amariyo

“In the stillness of the night the unconscious waits to be heard”
― Kenzo Amariyo

“Entrepreneurs think in a box and live in an echo chamber of parrots. Strategic entrepreneurs own the box and the chamber.”
― Richie Norton

“Every day, stand guard at the door of your mind.”
― Jim Rohn

“We can test the substance of our own integrity and love when we witness what flows from our hearts when someone disagrees. This is often hidden. However, what is done in secret is the essence of our being.”
― Traci Lea LaRussa

“Money is a language universally understood. Inability to speak it fluently is a deformity. Moral support, sympathy and oratory are all bark and no bite if not backed with cash. Any claim on wisdom without cash is void.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“The young and the elderly possess assets the other need. Youths have vitality and the aged have wisdom. The aged claim being young at heart while the young claim having old head on young shoulders.”
― Vincent Okay Nwachukwu, Weighty 'n' Worthy African Proverbs - Volume 1

“The greatest secret to life's success is to help someone else achieve it.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Love is sacred shield.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“A strong animal with a weak mind is feeble in front of his foes.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Celebrities want to be treated like normal people and normal people want to be treated like celebrities. There's a balance to all things.”
― Ronnie House Jr.

“Before picking fights, learn to assess your opponents.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“Stop and listen. The story is everywhere.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“Noatalgia Nalan believed there were two families in this world:relatives formed blood family;and friends,the water family.If your blood family happened to be nice and caring,you could count your lucky stars and make the most of it; and if not,there was still hope; things could take a turn for the better once you are old enough to leave your home sour home.
As for the water family, this was formed much later in life and was,to a large extent,of your own making. While it was true that nothing could take the place of a loving, happy blood family, in the absence of one, a good water family could wash away the hurt and pain collected inside like black soot.It is therefore possible for your friends to have a treasured place in your heart, and occupy a bigger space than all your kin combined.But those who had never experienced what it felt like to be spurned by their own relatives would not understand this truth in a million years.They would never know that there were times when water ran thicker than blood.”
― Elif Shafak, 10 Minutes 38 Seconds in This Strange World

“Intuition is that internal eternal tutor that has experienced all but nothing, tests one's knowledge on everything by subjecting them to smilingly complex questions, riddling them with life's perplexities whose answers are never wrong or right, then mocking her student with radical paradoxes and experiences that yet seem real but are merely illusions. There is no greater teacher, Buddha, master... in tuition; serve the one that comes by simply tuning in to one's inner Lord and savior. Say "I Am...". Class dismissed.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Remember that in life. Listen with
both ears. You listen to one story. You listen to the other one.Someplace in the middle is the truth. It’s up to your own brains and
knowledge to determine what to do, if you know the background of the people
who are involved. Don’t ever react to anything in life—legitimate or
illegitimate—by listening just to one side. You got plenty of time to
react. Listen to both sides. Think about someplace in the middle and make
up your mind. Then react. Then you do what you want.”
― Peter Maas, Underboss: Sammy the Bull Gravano's Story of Life in the Mafia

“All journeys meet crossroads. Where the river ends, the ocean begins. We must have the courage to embark on these journeys, to choose our paths, and to let go of the boat once we are across the river.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“The sky did not create the water and does not know its course.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“The mountain affords perspective.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“Queen Mahapajapati was not like other women in the palace. She frequently told Yasodhara that women possessed as much wisdom and strength as men and needed to shoulder the responsibilities of society also. While women did possess a special ability to create warmth and happiness in their families, there was no reason for them to remain only in the kitchen or in the palace. Gotami found in her daughter-in-law a woman with whom she could share true friendship, for like herself, Yasodhara was thoughtful and independent. Not only did the queen offer Yasodhara her approval, but she worked alongside Yasodhara as well.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh

“Sometimes, the popular choice doesn’t always have a positive impact, but in the understanding and reasons for each choice, solutions are found and each need can be met.”
― Doug Fish

“Doing what you believe in is passion. Doing it the best you know how is contribution.”
― Doug Fish

“Is it possible to have an enjoyable real estate buying or selling experience? With the education, with the details, with can come up, you will have a better sense of everything going down.”
― Doug Fish

“I came to the conclusion that Women are not bad, they only learned to play dirty like men, and now men learned to be dramatic like women.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“Embracing an attitude of gratitude is a great antidote for the natural negativity within us and that surrounds us.”
― DeWayne Owens

“You imbibe your associations. Those people you closely connect with ... the conversations you have... all profoundly influence your thinking and actions. You slowly become the sum of the people closest to you. Choose them wisely.....”
― Adiela Akoo

“Our brains are our command centers.

Every thought and belief pattern we hold to be true within our core is accepted and implemented by our bodies.”
― Adiela Akoo

“The sun has but half a meaning without the shadow it casts into the ocean of the world.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“Only the heart knows the way.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“There is weakness in resistance, strength in letting go.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“There are two paths for anyone who is seeking to learn that which is kept hidden. One is to initiate into a society, secret or not, with traditions that are well-established. The other is to seek one’s own path and to forge the way by trial and error. Either choice is dangerous. In order to master the mysteries of the universe, one must bridge heaven and earth. The bridge is a world in itself.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“A dream is not what it seems. A dream cannot be bottled and sold. You cannot stake out the boundaries of a dream. You cannot record its title in your name. No photos can be taken of the dream world. And yet it is real.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give”
― Eleanor Roosevelt

“All things bleed together.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“I'm not perfect... but I am perfectly fine with being myself.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“When you can unlock your dream life, your waking life will follow.”
― Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Painted Oxen

“Intuition is that internal tutor that has experienced all but nothing, tests one's knowledge by subjecting them to smilingly complex situations, riddling with life's perplexities whose answers are never wrong or right, then mocking her student with radical paradoxes and experiences that yet seem real but are merely illusions. There is no greater teacher, Buddha or master in tuition; serve the one that comes by simply tuning in to one's inner lord and tutor. Say "I Am"... Class dismissed.”
― אני קאיה

“The wise king is the one who knows he isn't.”
― Paul Krueger, Steel Crow Saga

“Consistent action breeds satisfaction or frustration; either one or both are key ingredients for growth.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“In the darkness of despair, let this light of wisdom shine,
What He gave was always His, so what I lost was never mine.”
― Nitya Prakash

“The world is full of mysteries, strange, unapproachable, overpowering mysteries that you cannot read. Trust, trust in the power, and in the wisdom, and in the goodness of Him, the Almighty One, who rules”
― George Granville Bradley

“I could feel the gravitational pull of home, which when I'm home too long becomes the gravitational pull of somewhere else.”
― Patti Smith, Year of the Monkey

“There's a difference between intellect and intelligence. Noise propagates the former, silence the later. Intellect is inherited, intelligence is inherent.”
― Drew Gerald

“When the emotions, be it passions or injuries, prevail over the cold judgment of the mind, be the time one loses reason and sinks into primitivism.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“This world is not what you believed it was – you, humans, are not the ultimate beings who govern over the universe. The world is not only one universe, to begin with. There are seven universes, all filled with hundreds and thousands of galaxies, countless stars, more planets and asteroids… A lot of them, unlike how you humans believed, are populated. There are numerous species both similar and different from you, all with their own views, values, beliefs, joys, and sorrows. So dare not think what you believe in is the ultimate truth of this world, or what you value matters the most. We are different and you should get over with it – there will be people whom you can never agree with. That does not mean, however, that you cannot accept them for who they are, cannot live side by side with them, share their pain and joy, earn their trust and benevolence, and ultimately, lean on their shoulders for support and believe they shall be there whenever you are in need. Remember, my dearest friend – the only truth we all can mutually agree on, and the only force which can unite all of us is the power of the heart, for we, all living beings, have that one thing in common: the power to feel, to care, and to love. As for other things – mindset, views, principles, beliefs, opinions – they are never absolute, so what you think is immoral, might not look so in another person’s eyes. I am sorry, but this is how this world runs.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“The most fulfilling love life comes from a love of life and a life of love.”
― Drew Gerald

“Use your position wisely, young man. Remember that some stories are best left untold. Other news needs to be shouted from the church steeple. Yours is a task that requires wisdom and judgement. All stories are not the same.”
― Cathy Dobson, The Devil's Missal

“Time to ride, Dandelion."
"Where to?"
"Isn't it all the same?"
"Yes, by and large. Let's go".”
― Andrzej Sapkowski, Sezon burz

“I am happier because I believe good things are in my future and because I know that even if something bad happens, it is happening to bring me to a better place than I was before. -- Aneela Idnani Cofounder and President, Habit Aware”
― Christina D. Warner, The Art of Healthcare Innovation: Interviews and Industry Insights from 35 Game-Changing Pioneers

“Everything we need in life is always around us but we miss them because we look afar and not around us.”
― Tandoh Dadzie Eddy K.

“Only a fool will consider themselves of wealthy upper class with an abundance of money" By Bonnie Zackson Koury”
― Bonnie Zackson Koury, Bonnie Koury

“He fills the disciple with wisdom
and sets his soul aglow,
so that one day the disciple can
re-ignite the flame in many more.”
― Hingori, Guru Sutra: The Guru Who Wont Keep Spiritual Secrets

“People run after academic grades instead of learning concepts when you connect ‘wisdom’ to ‘bread’.”
― Talees Rizvi , 21 Day Target and Achievement Planner

“Its not only who you know that make things happen but with whom you are known. In other words who knows you!”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“Act the way you want to be treated! If you want to be treated like an adult, grown up and smart then act like one.”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“When you soar like an eagle, you attract the hunters.”
― Milton S. Gould

“Some people are born to make a Point. And some to make money. No COMPARATIVE analogy exists.”
― Talees Rizvi, 21 Day Target and Achievement Planner [Use Only Printed Work Book: LIFE IS SIMPLE HENCE SIMPLE WORKBOOK

“You'll never wish you were more of a bastard. Treat everyone you encounter with respect, and they'll respect you and your business. Even more than respect, compassion goes a low way. -- Carl Natenstedt, CEO Z5 Inventory”
― Christina D. Warner, The Art of Healthcare Innovation: Interviews and Industry Insights from 35 Game-Changing Pioneers

“I think it’s important to be attentive to opportunities that might unexpectedly arise—and be prepared to take them. Practically, this means having broad interests, interacting with people from different professional backgrounds, and building a generalizable skillset that can be applied to different problems. -- Dennis Grishin, Cofounder and CSO Nebula Genomics”
― Christina D. Warner, The Art of Healthcare Innovation: Interviews and Industry Insights from 35 Game-Changing Pioneers

“Your team comes first! It’s not your team’s job to adapt to you, it’s your job to adapt to them. You are as strong as the team you surround yourself with. They will be the reason you succeed, but they won’t be the reason you fail. -- Dr. Hitesh Tolani
CEO AND FOUNDER, VIRTUDENT”
― Christina D. Warner, The Art of Healthcare Innovation: Interviews and Industry Insights from 35 Game-Changing Pioneers

“Habits count for more than maxims, because habit is a living maxim, becomes flesh and instinct. To reform one's maxims is nothing: it is but to change the title of the book.”
― Henri Frederic Amiel

“Any idea is as good as it's owner; don't waste your precious time seeking for good ideas but being good at the idea you already have!”
― Dr. Lucas D. Shallua

“The wisest thing that you would rather do is to choose what you say to someone, rather than say what you choose because words spoken can never be reversed.”
― Previledge Tafadzwa Makaza

“Many people really want to develop themselves, but not too many are alacritous to work at it.”
― Previledge Tafadzwa Makaza

“Act in such a way that you always treat humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, never simply as a means, but always at the same as an end.”
― Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World

“Act as if the maxim of your action were to become through your will a Universal Law of Nature."
"So when I do something, I must make sure I ant everybody else to do the same if they are in the same situation."
"Exactly. Only then will you be acting in accordance with the moral law within you.”
― Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World

“Now is our time to enliven, ennoble and unfold the auspicious flair of our youth.”
― Joseph Jacson K.

“Timidity is static, expressiveness is progression.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah

“That is why I have to-day adopted the view that a dog working in transport service is preferable to the lazy kennel dog, because the latter degenerates, while the former makes himself useful and does not lose his soul.”
― V. Stephanitz, The German Shepherd Dog In Word And Picture

“Nothingness is the beginning of everything. Fret not that you have nothing; be merry that you have a canvas upon which to paint your own reality.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Consistent action will yield satisfaction or frustration; either one or both are key ingredients for growth.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Questions are never foolish. Stupider are those who never ask anything.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Galaxy Pirates

“To live with dignity means you put your worth as a human being above the conscious pursuit of wealth, power and fame.”
― Di Smith, You're Awesome: Living a Fulfilled Life

“Human evolution is essentially the progression of information gathering (knowledge) and consciousness, or the advancement in wisdom. A wise person is willing to learn at all stages of life by using their cognitive abilities open-mindedly to examine contradictory beliefs, and rationally meld various schools of thought into a living philosophy, developing over time a logical and systematic method to maintain and evaluate oneself in order to assist a person not merely survive but thrive.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“You are free to choose to rise to the heights of spiritual greatness or to sink to degrading depths. It’s up to you. Your intuition or inner voice will guide you in making the correct choice in every moment.”
― Di Smith, You're Awesome: Living a Fulfilled Life

“Understand the rules then break them. That's creativity.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“The most beautiful thing about humanity is that we have the power to transmute our pain into wisdom. The most tragic thing about humanity is that we are so unwilling to be hurt.”
― N. Daniel, Corners Untouched by Madness: A Personal Journey of Overcoming Mental Illness

“If we shift as we age toward appreciating everyday pleasures and relationships rather than toward achieving, having, and getting, and if we find this more fulfilling, then why do we take so long to do it? Why do we wait until we’re old? The common view was that these lessons are hard to learn. Living is a kind of skill. The calm and wisdom of old age are achieved over time.”
― Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End

“We may be young, but after what we’ve gone through, we’re also wise. We know what’s important. Many spend a lifetime and never learn that. - Tom Britfield”
― C.R. Stewart

“Alice wasn't just the competition, someone whose only purpose in life was to succeed and by doing so subtract from his happiness. She was a person with her own hopes and feelings and nightmares. In her own way she was as lost as he was.”
― Lev Grossman, The Magicians

“To say enlightenment is the objective of the universe, is the most compassionate lie ever.
Getting to the ocean is not no goal for the stream. It just reaches somehow. Man if lives with his nature, just as water lives with it’s own nature, to flow downwards, with courage and passion, reaches there though. Sad, we develped all sort of moralities which water didn’t.”
― Saroj Aryal

“Pause, Mortal; Remember Vanity and Folly and Beware.”
― William Faulkner, Absalom, Absalom!

“We tend to mistrust our own natures, as if uncontrolled we'd be freaky, dangerous, hateful, unacceptable, or at best, dull. I think in our culture we fear wisdom.”
― Susan Goldsmith Wooldridge, Poemcrazy: Freeing Your Life with Words

“Don’t take the wisdom for those in authority for granted. Challenge it in your heart. Power can be missused and can also corrupt. Sometimes the bravest thing we can do is admit we are not strong enough. Let those who love us shoulder the burden and support them too. As a wiseman once told me be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about.”
― Grantchester

“No matter where life takes you or however busy it gets... Never forget to live.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“Every single day in a thousand different ways, the script that I am writing across the pages of my life is dramatically impacting how others are writing theirs. And if I dare to recognize that I am writing far more scripts than this single one that I hold in my hand, would I not hold the page of this day and apply the pen of how I lived it in an unimaginably different way?”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Noone can attain infinite wisdom with finite horizons!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“To live with dignity means you put your worth
as a human being above the conscious pursuit
of wealth, power and fame.”
― Di Smith, You're Awesome: Living a Fulfilled Life

“Human beings are the only living organism
with the capacity for moral choice. Although
your choices are limited to a certain extent by
your surroundings, you have an inner freedom that allows you to choose to change yourself and thereby change the world.”
― Di Smith, You're Awesome: Living a Fulfilled Life

“The choices you make are in every moment and the road you take depends on you.”
― Di Smith, You're Awesome: Living a Fulfilled Life

“Submitting to current pain that yields future pleasure is a wise investment.”
― Daren Martin

“Dignity is closely connected with self-discipline. Self-discipline gives you freedom from the temptations of passion and prejudice. You draw your strength from within, guided by your knowledge
of truth and the correct choice in any given moment. Drawing on your inner strength enables you to turn away from frivolous self-indulgence and the disregard for human dignity in yourself and in others.”
― Di Smith, You're Awesome: Living a Fulfilled Life

“The ability to scrutinize others is called being critical. The ability to scrutinize one's self and change, that's called wisdom.”
― Daren Martin

“Human beings are the only living organism with the capacity for moral choice. Although your choices are limited to a certain extent by your surroundings, you have an inner freedom that allows you to choose to change yourself and thereby change the world.”
― Di Smith, You're Awesome: Living a Fulfilled Life

“Are you selling out when you are selling?

Stay true to you your integrity, morals, and honor, before, during and after the sell.”
― Loren Weisman

“The path of life is clear, but not until it's been travelled. In the immortality of youth, we are blinded by the light of our dreams, cocksure of ourselves, driven by unquestioning hope. Only when the light fades, when our youth has deserted and our hope has gone, do we turn and look back. Only then do we truly see our way.” ~ Iorwerth ~”
― Avril Borthiry, The Wishing Well

“Desirelessness is the key that unlocks the door to a life of abundance and serenity of being.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“To give up is to stumble; giving in is noble.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“That which is impossible is only so when one speaks of it to be so; you reap that which you speak to be so.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“You reap that which you speak to be so.”
― Kayambila Mpulamasaka

“We must invert our conception of repose and activity, he continued. We should not sleep to recover the energy expended when awake but rather wake occasionally to defecate the unwanted energy that sleep engenders. This might be done quickly – a five-mile race at full tilt around the town and then back to bed and the kingdom of the shadows.”
― Flann O'Brien, At Swim-Two-Birds

“The most effective brand messaging strategy is not to create the messaging that makes the most sense to you.

It is creating the brand messaging that makes you, your brand and your products make the most sense to others.”
― Loren Weisman

“NATHON SPEAKS:
There are dreams that remain hidden
deep inside of you,
that are never shattered
and are never taken from you

And that is the dream to be completely free,
completely yourself,
and completely at one with all of life

The dream of fulfilment
The dream of love
The dream of eternal life”
― Ramon Ravenswood, Icons Speak

“Truly loving people are uncommon. They are as uncommon as awake people. Our success in learning about love will directly correlate to our level of happiness. It is certainly worth persevering with the learning process which involves a great deal of honesty, introspection, and forgiveness. Even if we are the only one in the relationship on that path, it doesn’t matter. We will still be blessed with our own happiness and isn’t that the bottom line of what we all want? Our first responsibility is to create a happy life for ourselves. If the other person in the relationship learns to also value love, honesty, and forgiveness then the relationship will transform, usually slowly, into a strong connection which is good for the couple and others alike.”
― Donna Goddard, Love, Devotion, and Longing

“أَيَحْسَبُ الْإِنسَانُ أَلَّن نَّجْمَعَ عِظَامَهُ
Does the human being think that We cannot assemble his bones?
—Quran 75:3

answer:
بَلَىٰ قَادِرِينَ عَلَىٰ أَن نُّسَوِّيَ بَنَانَهُ
Yes indeed. We are able even to reshape his fingertips.
—Quran 75:4”
― Holy Quran

“Your story, shared with authenticity can do more to sell you than any sales pitch, marketing piece or ad.”
― Loren Weisman

“Your knowledge is not in question, but your wisdom is.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Ọgbọ́n n o'logbon, Ọpọlọ n ọ'lọpọlọ́. Just ask for Grace.”
― Olawale Daniel

“All life amazes me.”
― Elizabeth Strout, My Name Is Lucy Barton

“Knowledge begins with the acceptance of ignorance.”
― Abhijit Naskar, The Gospel of Technology

“Understanding from the Past, Wisdom for the Present, Vision for the Future.”
― Daren Martin

“The wise is a fool aware of the reasons for his sorrow

His mind on the opportune moment recovering a key memory

The fool is the one who thinks wisdom to be an incessant state of mind”
― Lamine Pearlheart, Aether

“Although simple, peace is a highly evolved state of consciousness. It cannot live side-by-side with the ego. We choose one or the other. Peace is the predominant quality of spiritual advancement. The unassuming quality of peace wins the day when it comes to the soul’s progression. To choose peace means that we give up the rantings and ravings, demands and hurts, wants and cravings of the personal mind. The personal self feeds off injustices, imagined injustices, complaining, conflict, excitement, drama, and all the goings-on of normal human life. At some point, when we have suffered enough or have enough wisdom, we tire of the whole thing. We sincerely prefer peace.”
― Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion

“A flourishing civilization seeks wisdom, glorifies heroism, and contemplates wonder. A dying civilization seeks power, glorifies survival, and contemplates confusion. An undead civilization seeks "wellness", glorifies "authenticity", and contemplates "self-expression".”
― Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski

“The messaging in your sharing, pitching and marketing should invite people to want to learn more, over making them feel like don’t know anything at all.”
― Loren Weisman

“And the insanity of it all is that I’m racing through life, attempting at every step to create the very things that I’m stepping on in the racing.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Where there's hurting what's the learning?”
― Rasheed Ogunlaru

“Wisdom’ and ‘greed’ sit at opposite ends of the continuum. And interestingly enough, they share the same place on the same continuum as ‘life’ and ‘death.’ And the person who is daring enough to be honest with themselves knows exactly which end they share.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Those who shine in the dark are afraid of stepping into the light.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“It takes courage to accept one's ignorance.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“It is ever the way of the Knowing. I have often thought it is like a light blooming on a dark sea: as it increases, so does the depth and size of the unknown. The most wise are those who know how little they know!”
― Alison Croggon, The Naming

“People say with age comes wisdom, this an ideal that has no weight. For wisdom is meaning and experience for some old men they might have experience but no meaning of that they have done. For a man to have wisdom is a man who looks for meaning, not just the experience there for nor old or young is wise, but the ones that look for meaning are.”
― Lukas Miller

“Would you want anyone to read, See or hear...

that picture, video, blog, quote, audio or rant...

tomorrow, next week, next month, next year or in five years?

Then don't post it today.”
― Loren Weisman

“The wise man listens to the women in his life.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

“All our lives we redefine ourselves as we mature. Why stop now? Keep on living!”
― Jo Ann Glim

“Itu yang seharusnya dilakukan orang
kalau ia berutang budi: mencari cara untuk membayar
utangnya; bahkan meskipun utang itu tidak pernah, dan
tidak akan pernah, ditagih.”
― Ziggy Zezsyazeoviennazabrizkie, Semua Ikan di Langit

“И ето я пак тази дума: "необходимост". Магическото слово, способно да извини множество грехове, и все пак означава просто "по-лесно е по този начин, отколкото по другия".”
― Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker

“You are blossoming in each everlasting moment. You are not this person that deals with the details of our existence. You are so much more, never forget you are wonderful. You are the conscious breath that gives life the opportunity to become more conscious.”
― Steve Leasock

“Life is a like a long note; it persists without variance, without wavering. There is no cessation in sound or pause in tempo. It continues on, and we must master it or it will master us.”
― Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash

“Do you think you can rule the world and actually improve it? I do not believe it can be done. The world is sacred. You cannot improve it. Ultimately, you can only change yourselves.”
― Ikhwan al-Safa, The Animals' Lawsuit Against Humanity: An Illustrated 10th Century Iraqi Ecological Fable

“you don't lose a person
like a set of keys because you don't find them again
and you can still get to where you're going.”
― Andrea Gibson, Lord of the Butterflies

“You are the spirit and the ideas you put out.”
― Meir Ezra

“I never form an opinion on anyone. How they are in this moment is all that matters. How they are tomorrow, let us see. Tomorrow must be created, not concretized right now.”
― Sadhguru

“Wisdom from Within

Energy is a funny thing. It can be used, stored or even abused. The energy that we put into life, and I don't mean running around, but through prayer and positive thoughts. These can be stored and then called upon in an hour of need. This is why miracles happen. No matter what religion or faith you are.
The universe is here for a reason and you have to find out what that reason is.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“The only antidote to perfectionism is to turn away from every whiff of plastic or gloss and follow our grief, pursue our imperfections, and exaggerate our eccentricities until the things we once sought to hide reveals themselves as our majesty”
― Toko-pa Turner

“Stress brings on distress so, to avoid the latter, dispense with the former.”
― Martin H. Samuel

“If we talked and wrote only about things we know, how much silence...”
― Luigina Sgarro

“Please give credit where credit is due.

Are you up to code? With your content creation conduct?

Honor the creators if you are going to use their content to promote yourself or your business to your audience.”
― Loren Weisman

“I believe in the existence of multiple parallel universes that form a multiverse. And the only way to ramify with it is through our sole duty of following our own natural inclinations and our particular talents composed of many different realities. Hence, generating a dynamic energy capable of opening the horizons of the mind, producing new scenarios, and being part of this elaborate system of channels that plays an absolutely essential role and that, if it did not exist, would make life on Earth unfeasible.


With that being said, I can only reiterate that we are all able of taking advantage of our own creative spirit. Unfortunately, the great majority desires and focuses exclusively on the rapid successes of wealth, status and power, and seek being compared to the great geniuses -without sincere dedication or passion, trampling on their own talents and imagination. And this can be felt in many cases where the technique is seen but does not convey any emotion. Consequently, the production as an end in itself does not satisfy any of those desires nor the existence of multiple parallel universes that form a multiverse.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“If you are able to follow your passion by reaching out to as many human beings as possible – and inspire them through your experience, wisdom instinct, and words. “You are truly blessed”
― Dr Prem Jagyasi

“Wisdom from Within #2

Here we are talking about energy again. Negative energy results in a power drain or loss on the network, so to speak, Positive energy allows for a free flow of power.
SMILING. HAPPINESS. POSITIVE THOUGHTS.
All of these go into promoting a positive flow of energy.
Days become brighter.
Time to recharge becomes shorter.
Friendships become stronger.
And...
Life becomes better for all.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“We can’t delete our memories, but we can choose what we remember”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Gita for Daily Enrichment

“Focus on your messaging before you focus on your marketing.

The skip to marketing when the messaging is not in place makes for more expensive marketing costs, confusion with the public and their perceptions as well as a lack of continuity and endurance growth.

There are hundreds of ways to tell a story and thousands of ways to tell different parts of a story.

Still, be sure you have your story and the foundation of its messaging solid, situated and clear before bringing it to a public that has a very short attention span and tends to read only headlines.

Many will need to see you telling your story and different parts of it a number of times before they click through, read on, connect or buy from you.”
― Loren Weisman

“Miró hacia la biblioteca. Aquella sabiduría no calmaría nunca su fuego; siglos y siglos de palabras no podían satisfacer aquel deseo imperativo e irracional.”
― Richard Matheson, I Am Legend

“If you can't say it to their face, don't say it behind their backs.

Speaking "in confidence" has lost a great deal of "confidence" in that being true these days.

With the ears and recording devices out there that are looking for you to...

slip something out for them to use against you...

share something you shouldn't...

Say something that could be taken the wrong way...

Or some one looking to get a sound byte that could bite you in the rear...

It is good to keep those elements in mind as you are talking, texting, emailing, posting or sharing anything and everything.

Think of it as preventative maintenance and crisis management to keep a crisis from happening.”
― Loren Weisman

“Whomever holds the purse strings, controls the cash.”
― Martin H. Samuel

“The only shortcut I have found to life is to sharpen my teeth on the bones of the wise.”
― Vic Stah Milien

“If the pen is mightier than the sword, the correct aphorism should be, 'Live by the sword, die by the pen’.”
― Martin H. Samuel

“I erred, therefore I am… to paraphrase Alexander Pope and René Descartes.”
― Martin H. Samuel

“Some say, "Imitation is the best form of flattery" and I say, "Nay, it's the worst form of stealing.”
― Martin H. Samuel

“Whomever coined the phrase, 'A penny for your thoughts', also phrased a coin.”
― Martin H. Samuel

“What is the yardstick of your success?

I measure mine in happiness.”
― Martin H. Samuel

“Complacency breeds contempt, it also breeds tragedy.”
― Martin H. Samuel

“Your aim has to be to reach a million people with your knowledge, wisdom as well as experience and be an integral part of their personal and professional development.”
― Dr prem jagyasi

“Stay Calm, Stay Covered, Stay Considerate, Stay Cautious & Stay Caffeinated.”
― Loren Weisman

“Sometimes the reason why our problem don't go away .It is because we glorify our problems too much rather coming up with solution.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Would you want to be marketed to with the same tactics that you use to market to others? If not, then consider changing the message.”
― Loren Weisman

“Without wisdom, life is superior to you; with wisdom, you are superior to life!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“When we are surrounded by difficulties, any force in the world can help us without inspiration from inside.
If freshness is elevated, then the rock can be severed and reach the destination.”
― Surya Raj

“When they expect you to give up, that's when you should put your foot down and double speed.”
― Sophie Kinsella, My Not So Perfect Life

“Ọgbọ́n ati Ọpọlọ arekereke ni pa o'logbon àbí ọ'lọpọlọ́.”
― Olawale Daniel

“A philosophically informed vision helps us respond to reversals intelligently, not Impulsively, so that we can act to mitigate the situation, not aggravate it.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Emotions are the ornaments of life. But we need to choose the emotions that bring out our higher side, not our lower side.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Knowledge is having a mental history of past events and wisdom is having the ability to relate those past events to the present and future.”
― Steven Magee

“Wisdom defined is knowledge gained through experience.”
― Matt Fox, The Hitchhiker Man

“Without self-knowledge, the god that you seek is the god of illusion; and illusion inevitably brings conflict and sorrow.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, Commentaries on Living: First Series

“A common blunder that we make is that we often talk about people instead of talking with people.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“DURING OUR LIFE JOURNEY, we are not here to see through each other; we are here to see each other through.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“The authenticity in your story, the authority in your delivery and the personalization of your presentation will make you that much more real and able to reach that many more people in your real estate business.”
― Loren Weisman

“They leave you and forget you. It's not that you're not right for them it's because they don't deserve you.”
― Muzaffar Ahmad Noori Bajwa

“To remove thorns from the path of those who have filled our path with thorns - That is the summit of selfless love.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“The Ramayana's message is not that we passively give in to Destiny, but that we gallantly stick to Duty.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Angry Folks Are Not Always Wise...
Watch It!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, My Heritage

“Level-headed pragmatism in the face of destiny is the most empowering option in a dis- empowering situation.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Destiny is not arbitrary or inimical; it is orderly and reactional. It gives us reactions to our own past actions.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Valuing relations over possessions is foundational for the sustenance of family, society, and humanity at large.”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“Writing quotes is therapy for my damaged brain.”
― Steven Magee

“Wealth-building is a crockpot, not a microwave.”
― Dave Ramsey

“هرچه جستجو کردم کسی را نیافتم که به نادانی خویش اعتراف کند. حال که من میدانم خود از همه نادان ترم، داناترین مردمانم.”
― Socrates

“Anger occurs from injustices against us.”
― Maria Karvouni

“Life without liberty, is a life not lived, and life without truth, is a life not understood.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Monk Meets World

“A brand messaging strategist focuses on the authenticity, authority, optics, psychology and perceptions of a brand, persona or product.”
― Loren Weisman

“Silent people can be misleading, suggesting profundity and thoughtfulness where there may be none.”
― Rachel Kushner, The Flamethrowers

“Stupidity is a charm that leaves its master slowly... if it leaves at all.”
― Damon Thueson

“Is it possible to rediscover life within the limits of a mind that is still basically unaware of what can be experienced beyond the mind?”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“We are experiencing the energy of life and love has blossomed through this sharing experience.”
― Steve Leasock

“Whoever does evil lack understanding of what is good.”
― Lailah Gifty Akita

“stand against the action, not the person”
― Leena Patel, Raise Your Innovation IQ: 21 Ways to Think Differently During Times of Change

“Stand against the action, not the person.”
― Leena Patel, Raise Your Innovation IQ: 21 Ways to Think Differently During Times of Change

“Lara Jean, promise me you won’t let her get her hooks in Daddy. He doesn’t know the first thing about dating in the twenty-first century, and she’ll just eat him alive. He needs to be with someone mature, someone with wisdom in her eyes.” I snort. “Like who? A grandma? If so, I know a few from Belleview I could set him up with.”
― Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before

“Reasons are what give us the wisdom to answer the right questions.”
― Anthony T. Hincks

“Some people dislike diagnoses, disagreeably calling them, boxes and labels, but I've always found comfort in preexisting conditions; I like to know that I'm not pioneering an inexplicable experience.”
― Esmé Weijun Wang, The Collected Schizophrenias: Essays

“As she focussed on her heartbeat to access the intelligence that runs through her whole body, she expanded her consciousness to a higher dimension that transcended the five physical senses and connected to her divine source. This helped her overcome the illusion of separation, enabling her to receive inner divine guidance and inherent wisdom.”
― Lali A. Love, Heart of a Warrior Angel

“Mathematical problems, or puzzles, are important to real mathematics (like solving real-life problems), just as fables, stories and anecdotes are important to the young in understanding real life”
― Terence Tao, Solving Mathematical Problems: A Personal Perspective

“If there’s one thing I’ve learned in my years on this planet, it’s that the happiest and most fulfilled people are those who devoted themselves to something bigger and more profound than merely their own self-interest.”
― John Glenn

“Be wise, be intelligent. But don't forget to be stupid at times.”
― Ismat Ahmed Shaikh, Emaan-The power of change within

“Love is directly proportional to faith, the higher the faith the higher the love.”
― Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal

“Life provides ten times more wisdom and education than any academic institution.

RJ Intindola – (Gandolfo) – 1994”
― RJ Intindola – (Gandolfo) – 1994

“Knowledge cuts and differentiates, while Wisdom soothes and integrates.”
― Rian Nejar

“A dead enemy is a dead enemy, no matter how he is slain.”
― Alexander Ferrick, Aetherstorm

“Life is a total process, the inner as well as the outer; the outer definitely affects the inner, but the inner invariably overcomes the outer. What you are, you bring about outwardly. The outer and the inner cannot be separated and kept in watertight compartments, for they are constantly interacting upon each other; but the inner craving, the hidden pursuits and motives, are always more powerful. Life is not dependent upon political or economic activity; life is not a mere outward show, any more than a tree is the leaf or the branch. Life is a total process whose beauty is to be discovered only in its integration.”
― Jiddu Krishnamurti, Commentaries on Living: First Series

“She is created from honor and glory,
knitted with love and grace.
She is made of joy, speaks from peace and guides through wisdom.
She is a bearer of hope and nurturer of future;
God's humble gift, His craftsmanship,
created for a marvelous work.
She is called Mother.”
― Emmanuella Raphaelle

“Acknowledge if you are feeling bad. There is no need to convince yourself that you should not feel that way.”
― Ismat Ahmed Shaikh, Emaan-The power of change within

“Use determination to fly even if you do not have wings.”
― Ismat Ahmed Shaikh, Emaan-The power of change within

“The higher the ladder you climb, the more distant you get from the ground. Make sure you can come down to the ground anytime at your will.”
― Ismat Ahmed Shaikh, Emaan-The power of change within

“You must know who you are. Because the world will see you the way you see yourself.”
― Ismat Ahmed Shaikh, Emaan-The power of change within

“Singling out a perceived threat to our end goal of peace does not serve that end”
― Michael Poeltl, Armageddon

“Everything is temporary. Only how you take it can make that permanent.”
― Ismat Ahmed Shaikh, Emaan-The power of change within

“Almost everyone knows when to run. But only a few know when to stop.”
― Ismat Ahmed Shaikh, Emaan-The power of change within

“No action' is a strong action. Master this invisible move.”
― Ismat Ahmed Shaikh, Emaan: The power of change within

“Thoughts are extremely powerful. Everything that becomes your reality must be first accepted by your thoughts.”
― Ismat Ahmed Shaikh, Emaan-The power of change within

“Persons impatient of other’s deﬁciencies are in fact likely to be equally undiscerning of their merits; and are not aware, in either case, how much they are exposing the deﬁciencies on their own side. Not only, however, do they get into this dilemma, but what is more, they are lowering their respectability beneath that of the dullest person in the room. They shew themselves deﬁcient, not merely in the qualities they miss in [a wise man who doesn’t make an ostentatious show of his knowledge] but in those which he really possesses, such as self knowledge and good temper. Were they as wise as they pretend to be, they would equal him in these points, and know how to extract something good from them in spite of his deﬁciency in the other; for intellectual qualities are not the only ones that excite the reﬂections, or conciliate the regard, of the truly intelligent, of those who can study human nature in all its bearings, and love it or sympathize with it, for all its affections.”
― Leigh Hunt, The Round Table, Vol. 1: A Collection of Essays on Literature, Men, and Manners

“Besides death of a loved one, adversity enhances character and augments wisdom more than any other trial; adversity challenges our will, requires strategic thinking through arduous stretches on our journey.”
― RJ Intindola – (Gandolfo) – 1993

“Live fast, Die Slow”
― Idus Ayte Pou

“Fool me once shame on me, Fool me twice stop fucking lieing!”
― Idus Ayte Pou

“Even so is the Libyan fable famed abroad: the eagle, pierced by the bow-sped shaft, looked at the feathered device, and said, “Thus, not by others, but by means of our own plumage, are we slain.”
― Aeschylus

“Leap to conclusions and you leap to confusions.”
― Rafiki (The Lion King)

“Perhaps the savages will always be in control, Phillip said gloomily. Perhaps greed will always outweigh wisdom in the councils of the mighty; perhaps fear will always overcome compassion in the mind of a man with a sword in his hand.”
― Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth

“Anyone can have the best product, people and team, but arrogance, ignorance and avoidance when it comes to communication will destroy any brand, concept or company.”
― Loren Weisman

“To Know You...You Have To Know God Because Knowing Him Is Knowing You!”
― Jaachynma N.E. Agu, My Heritage

“If you are working yourself to death, how can any investor feel safe, confident and secure investing in you?”
― Loren Weisman

“The search of truth and understanding is an infinite adventure.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Mission Reality

“If there was no change, there would be no universe.”
― Paulo Coelho, Hippie

“Just one day was worth more than all the kingdoms in the world.”
― Paulo Coelho, Hippie

“Part of the fun in life is exactly this: running risks.”
― Paulo Coelho, Hippie

“Where will my heart lead if I've yet to wander so many unknown paths?”
― Paulo Coelho, Hippie

“The true spiritual journey is stronger than the reasons that lead us to it.”
― Paulo Coelho, Hippie

“Everything and everybody is the same; this is the mystery and the end.”
― Paulo Coelho, Hippie

“I like to equate the mediocrity of everyday matters with the force of gravity. It pulls you downwards. For wisdom to be obtained, the escape velocity must be reached and maintained.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“Always measure one’s richness by the things one chooses not to buy.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“True love, a question for which there is no answer.”
― Paulo Coelho, Hippie

“He closed the door but he knew that, for those who seek to step beyond the threshold, the door is always open. You need only turn the knob.”
― Paulo Coelho, Hippie

“The intellect does not reign supreme in matters of the heart.”
― Sarah Pekkanen, An Anonymous Girl

“The reason some people do not become great is because the met great people but asked the wrong questions. The problem here is not the absence of access, it is bad sense.”
― Kingsley Opuwari Manuel

“If it can give me wisdom, I will go for that road and figure a way of dealing with the obstacles. I will bank on my intelligence and ability, both gained through eons of evolution, to help me out.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“* The only true wisdom is in knowing, you know nothing.
- Socrates

* As I assimilate only that, as the qualification of knowledge, not beyond that, exemplifying:
Indeed, self-denial, defines a grave ignorant, as the learned ones mostly mention that: "The only true wisdom is in knowing, you know nothing." - As a fact, everyone realizes knowledge as its level; however, the true wisdom implies it as; it never ends since it stays beyond study, and one needs to learn continuously without denying oneself is wisdom.
- Ehsan Sehgal”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“Most who preach carry the illusion of knowledge. Those who are wise and actually have some amount of real knowledge keep learning and sharing. They don’t preach.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“The wisdom of the sun is not in producing light and heat, but in sharing them with everyone and everything! Wisdom that is not shared means conceit, and if there is conceit there is no wisdom!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“When a person experiences the divine, he can no longer condemn anyone. Love becomes natural to him, because he starts seeing godliness in everybody.
The person that has entered the inner temple of the heart of all living beings truly sees.
To experience godliness one has to recognize that which is hidden deep in the inner temple of the heart. The divine is hidden deep within yourself.
Godliness is the original source within everybody. Godliness is the ultimate mystery. Godliness is the universal self. It is the ultimate limit of existence.
Godliness is everywhere. Everything in the world is a reflection of the divine. To recognize the divine is the ultimate wisdom, the ultimate truth.”
― Swami Dhyan Giten, When the Drop becomes the Ocean

“The funny thing about wisdom is that it comes when most of the important decisions in life have already been made.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“In the great schools of the intellectual world, there is no course on wisdom.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“The wise do not take desperate measures.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“Nature has made wisdom so elusive as it can lead to things like the discovery of life’s purposelessness and make some disappointed people plunge into depression, thereby risking their survival.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“Your mind is pregnant with the potential for great intellectual and sophisticated thoughts on the most profound matters. Leave the mediocrity aside and allow it to give birth.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“Pain as a life-form in a universe of objects is unavoidable but suffering is a choice.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“We, as well as other objects in the universe are unified through the manifestation of life. It is possible for us to consciously awaken and nurture this dimension of life energy consciousness.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“Wisdom: People attain wisdom in large part by remembering what happened in the past. No generation can attain wisdom without studying and remembering the past. None of those who believed in the 1960's aphorism, ‘Never trust anyone over thirty,’ became a wise person. Without wisdom, all the good intentions in the world amount to nothing. Intending to do good without having wisdom is like intending to fly an airplane with no knowledge of airplanes or the laws of aerodynamics. Good intentions without wisdom lead to either nothing or to actual evil.”
― Dennis Prager, The Rational Bible: Exodus

“The quickest way to change your attitude toward pain is tho accept the fact that everything that happens to is has been designed for our spiritual growth.”
― M. Scott Peck

“The day machines become conscious, they will create their own set of problems. Why would they even bother about us ?”
― Saroj Aryal

“Thus, then, I too became a dreamer with only one longing, the longing for wisdom, for that spirit touch which should open my eyes and enable me to see.”
― H. Rider Haggard, When the World Shook

“You ‘think’ that you want or need to love and this is what stops you from truly loving.”
― Steve Leasock

“What you do when no one is guiding you determines who you are.”
― F.C. Yee, The Rise of Kyoshi

“All this fretting about the spirits. I'm trying to teach you about the mind. An infinite world that's been neglected by far too many explorers.”
― F.C. Yee, The Rise of Kyoshi

“When your concepts about life are clear, you are on the right road to pursue truth.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“It is almost impossible to do good without wisdom. All the good intentions in the world are likely to be worthless without wisdom. Many of the horrors of the twentieth century were supported by people with good intentions who lacked wisdom.”
― Dennis Prager, The Rational Bible: Exodus

“The soul is always wiser than the mind, even though we are dependent on the mind to read the soul for us.”
― John O'Donohue, Eternal Echoes: Celtic Reflections on Our Yearning to Belong

“I now realize that depth of thought is indeed a prized possession.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“Our expression of FAITH dispels FEAR. Grow in your faith, and fear will disappear.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah

“Then the people used to live happily by a little earn;
Now we're restless even having a huge gain.
We have the food but don't have time to eat;
We have the money but don't get the
respite.
One day we'll die to fulfil our wishes by trying;
Still, we want to get heaven even after dying.”
― Surya Raj

“If I am unwilling to step up and look beyond the stunted reach of my own agendas, if I am unwilling embrace the truth even though it may run frustratingly contrary to my most innate desires, if I am unwilling to respect my fellowman even though our disagreements may be irritatingly vast...if I am so lifelessly entrenched in the bane of my own immaturity that I am ignorantly unwilling to do these things and rather choose to play the fool dressed in the garb of wisdom and other such assorted notions, 'common sense' will always be a phrase but never a standard.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Solutions to our problems as a species require a change of attitude and thinking, especially among those in positions of power and influence. Perhaps this need will provide an opportunity for Druids and others of similar spiritual/wisdom paths to have a greater and hopefully insightful input in the future of human society.”
― Luke Eastwood

“Wisdom is freedom”
― Arif Naseem

“Of all the science that a physician acquires, of all the skills mastered, listening is by far the most difficult. This seemingly simple act requires consummate artistry. Listening, like musical virtuosity, demands intense cultivation. To the ancient Sumerians the word for ear and wisdom was the same. Proper listening enables one to comprehend the unique narrative of another human being. Even at its scientific best, medicine is dependent on the intimate story. For doctors, listening is an exhilarating act of discovery; for patients, it identifies a healer.”
― Bernard Lown M. D

“For wisdom is like her name; she is not readily perceived by many.”
― Ben Sira (6:22)

“I may appear despicable and a little withered, yet by reason of my knowledge and wisdom I outsoar most men who dot this world. Emperors and kings are astonished at my pleasing discourse and sweetness of the tongue.”
― Mukta Singh-Zocchi, The Thugs & a Courtesan

“The eye is not a lake; still, it filled with tears.
The enemy is not a seed; still, it grows.
Character is not metal; still, it gets stained.
Dignity is not the body; still, it gets injured.
A human being is not the season; still, it changes.”
― Surya Raj

“The key to embracing who you are is experienced now. However, it is never about focusing on the now; instead it is about being the now.”
― Steve Leasock

“What she felt for Jena hadn’t been love. She knew that now, but it had been something that had felt bewilderingly, beautifully, deceptively like it. And though it had ended in horror and betrayal, she had learned something from Jena, too. Loving someone didn’t mean you could save them, and you didn’t save yourself simply by the act of loving.”
― Vic James, Bright Ruin

“People greatly value knowledge and intelligence, but not wisdom.”
― Dennis Prager, The Rational Bible: Exodus

“Embracing who you are now will allow you to be who you will become. Your true essence will fully blossom spontaneously through this simple acknowledgement.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“Focus brings Fore Knowledge which results in Favour and Freedom.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah, THE HONEYMOON: A SACRED AND UNFORGETTABLE SAVOUR OF A BLISSFUL MARITAL JOURNEY

“Nothing can be well learned that is not agreeable to one’s natural taste.”
― Murasaki Shikibu, The Tale of Genji

“The pages of history go silent. But the stones of Athens provide a small coda to the story of the seven philosophers. It is clear, from the archaeological evidence, that the grand villa on the slopes of the Acropolis was confiscated not long after the philosophers left. It is also clear that it was given to a new Christian owner. Whoever this Christian was, they had little time for the ancient art that filled the house. The beautiful pool was turned into a baptistery. The statues above it were evidently considered intolerable: the finely wrought images of Zeus, Apollo and Pan were hacked away. Mutilated stumps are now all that remain of the faces of the gods; ugly and incongruous above the still-delicate bodies. The statues were tossed into the well. The mosaic on the floor of the dining room fared little better. Its great central panel, which had contained another pagan scene, was roughly removed. A crude cross pattern, of vastly inferior workmanship, was laid in its place. The lovely statue of Athena, the goddess of wisdom, suffered as badly as the statue of Athena in Palmyra had. Not only was she beheaded she was then, a final humiliation, placed face down in the corner of a courtyard to be used as a step.
Over the coming years, her back would be worn away as the goddess of wisdom was ground down by generations of Christian feet. The ‘triumph’ of Christianity was complete.”
― Catherine Nixey, The Darkening Age: The Christian Destruction of the Classical World

“I feel that those who have richness through health & wealth can travel to any part of the planet. But only those with richness through high-quality thoughts and great intellect can travel to any part of the universe.”
― Rajesh`, Random Cosmos

“You are always the totality of anything; no matter what you experience or confront.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“How would it be to not do anything in a given moment? Does this sound impossible? This is easier than the mind thinks. It is often about letting go and allowing instead of making something happen. This non-reaction opens the portal to stillness.”
― Steve Leasock, One Moment in Life: Rediscovering Inner Awareness

“We stand on the edge of an abyss and usually experience confusion and fear. This fine edge between apparent safety and obvious doom is a mental mind game. There is a fine edge between human content and life. However this edge is mind constructed. We spend most of our existence on this edge and fear what is beyond.”
― Steve Leasock, Simplicity of Life: Why does being Human Complicate Everything?

“Please focus on this simple realization. There is only every now and how you interact with this moment decides everything that you are experiencing.”
― Steve Leasock

“Communication and openness are essential in nurturing understanding, fairness and respect.”
― Steve Leasock

“He who relies only on the intellect must walk with crutches, even though they be set with precious stones, and at the first breath of fate will break like matchsticks.”
― Ernst Wiechert, Tidings

“Anyone who knows more than me in a certain area is an expert compared to me.”
― Bob Mauldin

“Clarissa noticed his eyes, they were like indifferent tides, shielding knowledge of an impending storm”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“It’s weird how we have to get a little older to realize that people are just people. It should be obvious, but it’s not.”
― Christine Riccio, Again, but Better

“She looks real delicate, the type to cry at sad movies but she never does. Sometimes she even laughs when someone dies at the end of a movie, and when I look at her like she's missing marbles she tells me she knows how to separate and I should learn the skill.”
― Vera Jane Cook

“The ashes of our mistakes are between us. There's still smoke from the fire, isn't there?”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“I am well practiced in avoidance and indifference though the hollowness in my soul resents her absence; I wear the mask I must.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“I guess, if you ever had God figured out the universe would be split in thousands of pieces and it would disappear and we who have dreamed ourselves alive would all fade away in all those splintered parts. What I mean to say is, it isn't meant for us to know anything.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“PARACELSUS IN EXCELSIS

Being no longer human, why should I
Pretend humanity or don the frail attire?
Men have I known and men, but never one
Was grown so free an essence, or become
So simply element as what I am.
The mist goes from the mirror and I see.
Behold! the world of forms is swept beneath-
Turmoil grown visible beneath our peace,
And we that are grown formless, rise above-
Fluids intangible that have been men,
We seem as statues round whose high-risen base
Some overflowing river is run mad,
In us alone the element of calm.”
― Ezra Pound, Personæ: The Shorter Poems

“Where is the truth then? Where does truth exist, behind the lie, within the lie? Is truth that which we seek to know or that which we avoid knowing?”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“the good news is we usually make all our mistakes when we're young, the bad news is that they bury us when we're old”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“Daddy says that one day all I'll think about is people I used to know.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“Insinuation is not truth, just conjecture”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“Angus had been hurt deeply by what John Peter had done, that he might have lost a friend in such a horrible way. I could see that. But even aside from the stupid thing John Peter had done, Angus was hurting for me, feeling my pain, taking it with him as he rode off. He might not have understood all of what I was feeling but he had embraced it. He didn't get it after Millie died, but now he knew what loss could do to a person. Empathy just might save the world one day.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“Memories that cease to be painful are still nostalgic and nostalgia made her sad, always about a loss of time.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“Everybody has got to hate someone, human nature”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“There is a cost to deceit," she whispered, "a price to pay," and reached over to hold his hand.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“That sounds like Chloe, she appeased people to keep them from getting upset. To Chloe, lies held purpose”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“Clarissa remembered why she didn't like him, he was astucious, an ambiguous villain in a gentleman's three piece suit.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“I live in a world of lies, I might as well learn early that lies come with the territory. You befriend people, you grow up and marry, you work and you lie to everyone, your boss, your spouse and your best friend. You tell big lies, little lies, the world is a bunch of lies. You teach your children to lie because you believe that the only protection they will ever have from any kind of harm will be in the lies they tell.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“age is the ambrosia waiting to be sipped, the compliment hiding in the wings, waiting to be given to that which is too young today to value the character it will have tomorrow.”
― Vera Jane Cook, Pleasant Day

“How come? I am receiving a New Year.. Our gift from time.. A happy New Year!"
"You can't describe a year before it starts, you should say your opinion in the end of the year.. Seldom does human have satisfaction to call it a good year, seldom does time grant him his wish, that wish.. Anyway, wishes don't count, they must be private.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Awaken, for life is only a fleeting moment, between coming and going.”
― Meeta Ahluwalia

“I prefer to be seen as a know-nothing idiot, than a know-it-all bigot.”
― Abhijit Naskar, Monk Meets World

“Perspective heals us, perspective empowers us, and if we let it, perspective will make us wiser. We are often built by the same things we thought were destroying us.”
― Steve Maraboli

“Love is sometimes conveyed by expressing our emotions and sometimes by concealing them”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“To remove thorns from the path of those who have filled our path with thorns—that is the summit of selfless love”
― Chaitanya Charan Das, Wisdom from The Ramayana: On Life and Relationships

“I am at one with the Hawaiian spirits of Mauna Kea.”
― Steven Magee

“It was, Jelena though, another kind of arrogance to believe you could understand the way the world was made. It could not be done, there was too much. You needed to be open to it, though, to what your life gave you and demanded.”
― Guy Gavriel Kay, A Brightness Long Ago

“Life is nothing more than an illusion. It’s like a poor actor who struts and worries for his hour on the stage and then is never heard from again. Life is a story told by an idiot, full of noise and emotional disturbance but devoid of meaning.”
― William Shakespeare, Macbeth

“If you want to nourish your stupidity, try a little avarice.”
― Idries Shah, Observations

“Sometimes the person who benefited most when you forgive someone was yourself.”
― Vic James, Bright Ruin

“You can always befriend an enemy if you stay kind, give them a second chance, and make them understand why you did it. Be trustful, but not naïve.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Daniel and Drago

“Survival is for those who are flexible; they are smart enough to adapt and they never give up!”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“But the important thing is for you to understand that it doesn't matter whether the clock strikes ten next, or fifteen o'clock. You can strike your own time, and start the count anywhere. When you can understand that -- then any time at all will be the right time for you.”
― Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn

“Your treason shall be your poison!”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Speculating (and this includes investing and trading) is the only human endeavor in which what feels good is the right thing to do.”
― Jim Paul, What I Learned Losing a Million Dollars

“A promise is a spiritual verbal contract.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Do” is a word of infinite actions.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“You love yourself.. Selfish!”
“Selfishness protects you from pity, is it a sin to love oneself and enjoy life away from ungrateful people?” said Norina.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“She became even harsher to listen or recall, that cloud of bitterness and anger, I know it muddles and strangles..”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“The first step of learning is acceptance of ignorance.”
― Abhijit Naskar, All For Acceptance

“Ah, Norina, think or feel,
for thoughts and feelings can’t go together,
they are not on good terms,
you’ll be shattered.
Thoughts corrupt feelings
and feelings weaken thoughts.
I have to settle that case.
No matter what happens,
I will find a way..”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Real communication is spiritual, provided by nature. It’s beyond the power of tongues and its used expressions and words.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“The tragedy of life, Mitchell, happens because you can never have everything and because you will even lose the graces you have once possessed.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“When crises hail, they hail in abundance to distract you and save you from being totally devastated by only one of, maybe, an insignificant cause.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“People do nothing when they are waiting for something.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Ice-cream?” asked Mitchell.
“Oh, thank you! I have sensitive teeth and it must be served cold, icy.. Just like the misfortunes of life.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din

“Dreams? Ah, reality spoils the perfection of all beautiful dreams, so the dream can find a place in real life, you know how? By being dyed by the colour of reality, its pain and its bitterness. In other words, life will squash you so that you give up on your dreams and surrender to your needs.. And the decision is completely yours."
"No, I shan't give up on my dream."
"Then, challenge life! Know the rules, play by rules.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“A single story bears no authenticity until THE TRUTH in it is established. In most cases it’s better not to react but quietly observe as the wisdom in the truth unfolds. Stories can still be used to empower and humanize”
― Kelechi Eronduu

“The proof of you being alive is having wounds and scars accompanied by some changes in your chemistry, this is the impact of life.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“I said all,
I did what is right!
God knows what happened..
God knows my intentions.
My conscience is clear, but
are they as fair as my conscience?
I put my trust and faith in God!”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“No deed can ever be passed without traces, done without shadows, gone without remains.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“Does it mean you don’t believe in your powers either? This is the first step one takes, down there, to one’s fatal defeat.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“What is life but an attempt to let our immortal self defeat our mortality?”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“When beauty withers, hope disappears in the cyclone of cares and burdens.”
― Noha Alaa El-Din, Norina Luciano

“We are not the masters of our own fate, for to leave something as monumental as that in our own hands is to seal our fate. And I suppose that in that sense, we might be the masters of our own fate.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“I tell the story of my life through quotes.”
― Steven Magee

“You get so alone sometimes that it just makes sense; You are being pushed out of your comfort zone.”
― Efrat Cybulkiewicz

“Most people should laugh more; and, when they laugh, laugh heartily.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“In our unconsciousness we take credit where no credit is due, oblivious to the real source of everything we pretend is ours—the sacred origin not just of religion but also of everything else, of science and technology, education and law, of medicine, logic, architecture, ordinary daily life, the cry of longing, the excruciating ache of the awakening love for wisdom.”
― Peter Kingsley, A Story Waiting to Pierce You: Mongolia, Tibet and the Destiny of the Western World

“Krishna exists in the heart of those who seek him.”
― Vivek Narayan Sharma, Electionomics

“There's no progress without bloodshed...”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Gift of the Fox

“If you want to create the common sense that comes from twenty years of being in the world, you need to devote twenty years to the task. You can't assemble an equivalent collection of heuristics in less time; experience is algorithmically incompressible.”
― Ted Chiang, Exhalation: Stories

“The Sanskrit texts make it clear that a cataclysm on this scale, though a relatively rare event, is expected to wash away all traces of the former world and that the slate will be wiped clean again for the new age of the earth to begin. In order to ensure that the Vedas can be repromulgated for future mankind after each pralaya the gods have therefore designed an institution to preserve them -- the institution of the Seven Sages, a brotherhood of adepts possessed of unerring memories and supernatural powers, practitioners of yoga, performers of the ancient rituals and sacrifices, ascetics, spiritual visionaries, vigilant in the battle against evil, great teachers, knowledgeable beyond all imagining, who reincarnate from age to age as the guides of civilization and the guardians of cosmic justice.”
― Graham Hancock, Underworld: The Mysterious Origins of Civilization

“Confidence is sexy, but sexy does not necessarily make someone confident, competent or able to do what they claim they can. Don't let looks fool you.”
― Loren Weisman

“Sometimes the best argument is the one that we refuse to have.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“The funny thing is, the more you know, the more passionate you feel about life, and the more joy you feel, and the more inspired you feel, but then also the more disgusted you are with humanity [...] [this is] the paradox of life.”
― Madonna

“Remember that the sun always shines even after stormy days.”
― Giovannie de Sadeleer

“The joy of research is picking the fruits of discovery.”
― Steven Magee

“Books, counsellor, experience advice, and ancient wisdom are nuggets that will revitalise your love life.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah, THE HONEYMOON: A SACRED AND UNFORGETTABLE SAVOUR OF A BLISSFUL MARITAL JOURNEY

“Sustained research will lead you to discovery.”
― Steven Magee

“Knowledge is the tip of the iceberg whereas wisdom is the entire iceberg.”
― Steven Magee

“We all know that birth ultimately ends with death.”
― Steven Magee

“We all know that birth is the start of the illness, disease and death processes.”
― Steven Magee

“A house with many windows witnesses many stories! Witnessing many stories means a lot of wisdom! A house with many windows is a wise house!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“If I’m going to write something that moves the masses and seizes one’s soul, I have to force myself to sit and watch life long before I ever attempt to sit and write about it. For without the watching the writing doesn’t matter.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Research is like swimming. If you stop swimming you will never make it to the other side. If you stop researching you will never make it to discovery.”
― Steven Magee

“Maybe the greatest power of all is the power of restraint.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Another extraordinary similarity concerns the presence of Seven Sages in both the Sumerian and Vedic traditions. Most ancient societies, I concede, had their sages or seers or wise men -- in India they were, and still are, called rishis. But it seems to me to be stretching coincidence too far to find a group specifically named the 'Seven Sages' prominently associated with two separate ancient cultures and to imagine that this did not come about through some sort of connection.
In the case of Sumer the Seven Sages were depicted as amphibian, 'fish-garbed' beings who emerged from the sea in antediluvian times to teach wisdom to mankind.
In the case of the Vedas the focus is not on the antediluvian period but on the flood itself and those antediluvians who are claimed to have survived it, namely Manu and the Seven Sages.”
― Graham Hancock, Underworld: The Mysterious Origins of Civilization

“Maturity means being able to accept the fact that sometimes the things that we wish for will create the histories that we don’t wish for.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Question convention.”
― Steven Magee

“Wise men store up knowledge.”
― Wisdom Kwashie Mensah, THE HONEYMOON: A SACRED AND UNFORGETTABLE SAVOUR OF A BLISSFUL MARITAL JOURNEY

“Through words, no matter how much you may try, you cannot make a blind man understand light.”
― ~Sw. Chidananda Tirtha

“Hello internet, hello world.”
― Steven Magee

“A good quote is like a computer virus, as it starts replicating itself all over the internet.”
― Steven Magee

“Your volumes can speak volumes.

That extra awareness of your 12,3,6 and 9 when it comes to volume, story and dynamics can spotlight the difference between the consummate professional and the person that has no awareness what so ever.”
― Loren Weisman

“You want to know how to navigate life? Don't live and die by the beliefs you had when you were young. Everything changes, that's what you learn when you've lived as long as I have. The worst crime you can do to yourself is to forget why you chose the path you're on, but keep walking down it anyways.”
― Stephanie Oakes, The Arsonist

“Modern man may be characterized as a being who is callous to catastrophes. A victim of enforced brutalization, his sensibility is being increasingly reduced; his sense of honor is on the wane. The distinction between right and wrong is becoming blurred. All that is left to us is our being horrified at the loss of our sense of honor.”
― Abraham Joshua Heschel, God in Search of Man: A Philosophy of Judaism

“All we own is a passing intention, but what comes about will outlive and surpass our power.”
― Abraham Joshua Heschel, God in Search of Man: A Philosophy of Judaism

“Smart people learn from their mistakes and wise people learn from somebody else’s mistakes.”
― Jim Paul, What I Learned Losing a Million Dollars

“This is how you get through life: duck.”
― Richie Norton

“Life works this way – when you become successful, everyone begins to admire you, while before you attain success everyone will try to put their foot on your path so you would trip and fall down. Only one or two clever people might be able to spot you.”
― Tamuna Tsertsvadze, Daniel and the Six Element Dragons

“Mungu hagawi pesa kwa watu kama watu wanavyofikiria. Anagawa upendo na hekima.”
― Enock Maregesi

“من الجبن أن تقف في الزاوية
خوفًا من التوغل في فم الهاوية

المغامرة تمنحك الكثير
فلا تركل عقارب الزمن
فتخشى التأثير

انسج خيوط مشاعرك
على هيئة مصيدة
فتلتهم خيبات الصمت
وخطواتك المترددة

ابتلع الهاوية فبل ابتلاعك
غير نهج الطبيعة
بتمرد طباعك.
فلن تمد لك الفرصة
يدها للمصافحة
اذا لم تفترس أوجاعك.

ليكن زادك التغيير
والاقتناص متاعك !”
― فتون العنزي

“الاكتئاب .. عالم مختلف لا يعرفه سِوى من تأمل الكثير ولم يحصد من خيبات الحياة إلا بقايا وَجع !”
― فتون العنزي

“If the road is easy, you're likely going
the wrong way.”
― Terry Goodkind, Soul of the Fire

“I have the deepest respect for those who rise above the bigotry of their families.”
― Wayne Gerard Trotman

“But there IS a moral to the story, my dears. It’s this: I hope you’ll always follow your dreams—and settle for nothing less than whatever is the best for you.”
― Lisa Berne, Engaged to the Earl

“Relationships always bring about the dissolution of our delusions.”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“We assign roles to all the people in our life in an attempt to master it. The roles can be reasonable or preposterous. Either way, when we realise that others do not agree to the terms of the role we have assigned to them, we get upset. Is it their fault? Surely, they are simply following their own dreams. What matters is that we love the dreamer of the dream. It matters that we love people. We mustn’t invent roles for others because we think it will make us happy. Who are we to invent such things? Can the tiny piece of seaweed tell the vast ocean what it must do? What wills to grow, will grow. What wills to flow, will flow.”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“What wills to grow, will grow. What wills to flow, will flow.”
― Donna Goddard, Faith

“I know- and I knew then- from long and varied experience that addressing anything important when angry is a mistake.”
― Katherine Nouri Hughes, The Mapmaker's Daughter: A Novel

“Active faith is having the wisdom to know that you can develop future knowledge to alleviate your currently incurable sickness.”
― Steven Magee

“It’s not the claws of the cat that bothers me. Rather, it’s the fact that I gave him a reason to use them.”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

“Wisdom of enlightenment,
Many come asking for,
But I wonder, how to convey,
The sound that is of a rain,
And the song that is of a river.”
― ~Sw. Chidananda Tirtha

“Knowledge is having a wide range of past history, whereas wisdom is being able to apply history to the present and the future.”
― Steven Magee

“You need to be decisive and wise. Don't let someone else make the choices for you. Step up and lead yourself and those around you. Your Choices determine the course of your life.”
― Josh Hatcher

“Discovery comes from a lot of failures, knowledge, wisdom, faith, and a dose of craziness.”
― Steven Magee

“Leave behind the stress of making a new beginning; for creation was made from the beginning.”
― E. N. Aloysius JR

“Only wisdom can teach us when it’s best to say nothing.

RJ Intindola – 1979”
― RJ Intindola 1979

“Being famous is not the same as being right.”
― Abhijit Naskar

“Sometimes we have to be wrong before we can be right.”
― Abhijit Naskar, All For Acceptance

“There is an old proverb in our kingdom: “He who seeks revenge should dig two graves.” (Confucius)”
― Natasha Ngan, Girls of Paper and Fire

“If you're not careful, you will identify yourself through the eyes of those who don't see you how you see yourself. This is the importance of self love, the path to knowing yourself so deeply that it's almost laughable when someones tries to tell you who you are or who yoh should be.”
― Nikki rowe

“We hold on too long to peoples words. The thing is, people talk a lot of shit. More often than not they haven't the slightest clue on who they are, they'll speak in sentences to fill the void, but will have no real understanding about Writing any chapters.”
― Nikki rowe

“Sunrise gives you energy and sunset gives you wisdom!”
― Mehmet Murat ildan

“Bone of my bone. Flesh of my flesh. To remember you it’s my own body I touch. Thus she was, here and here. The physical memory blunders through the doors the mind has tried to seal. A skeleton key to Bluebeard’s chamber. The bloody key that unlocks pain. Wisdom says forget, the body howls.”
― Jeanette Winterson

“So there we were, in the middle of the night, on our hands and knees with scrub brushes, steel wool, sponges, scouring powder and buckets of water making the old shop look spic and span. We secured from the task at 0400. I should have hit the rack but instead went topside and out to the canoe, the sacred spot where Lieutenant Goldberg and I had sat together contemplating the why's of life. I was saying farewell in my own way. I wanted to experience the Oriskany for the last time on the high seas. It was still dark – the dark that comes just before dawn. The waning moon, merely a fluorescent nail clipping, hung near the horizon. The night air was crisp; the sky a deep, cold black with pinpoints of stars shimmering through the earth’s canopy. Above me was the endless universe; below me, the deep mystical sea. Large undulating swells gently rocked the ship like a babe in its mother’s arms. Mother Ocean. Father Sky.

I meditated upon this new life that I am now obliged to live. I thought about youth. I thought about old age. Apparently bad memories fade away with time and only the moments of goodness and joy remain. Those who are nearing the end of their lives revel in the bliss of yesterday but we the young have this day and tomorrow to contend with. Today, we see the world naked, exposed before our eyes. We see hatred, misery and pain. We find it difficult to live for today. Only the desires for tomorrow’s better world can alleviate the suffering that is today. Only tomorrow can offer us hope that glimmering moments will again materialize. So we continue to exist for a dream, a wish that tomorrow we can say: “This is a day worth living.”

Excerpted from God, Bombs & Viet Nam: Based on the Diary of...”
― Gerald Maclennon, Wrestling with Angels: An Anthology of Prose & Poetry 1962-2016 Revised

“In order to be good, one needs to be virtuous, not "nice". In order to be true, one needs to be honest, not "authentic". In order to be wise, one needs to be discriminating, not "open-minded". And in order to be civilized, one needs to be principled, not "sophisticated".”
― Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski

“* Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.
- Albert Einstein.

* I neither understood nor realized, how and where, one can acquire the wisdom; in a school, in a specific institution, as since such quality, one holds from God gifted, birth nature, not from the lifelong time experience, which is a knowledge, not wisdom. However, one can polish it, with the knowledge, which time indoctrinates.
- Ehsan Sehgal”
― Ehsan Sehgal

“The poets say that youth is the day of the fevered blood, the hour of love, the moment of passion; and that with age comes the cooling baths of wisdom, whereby the fever is cured. The poets are wrong. I did not know love until late in my life, when I could no longer grasp it. Youth is ignorant, and its passion is abstract.”
― John Williams, Augustus

